THE

STATUTES

OF

THE REALM.

PRINTED BY COMMAND

OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE THIRD.

IN PURSUANCE OF AN ADDRESS OF

THE HOUSE OF COMMONS OF GREAT BRITAIN.

From original Records and authentic Manuscripts.

VOLUME THE SIXTH.

MDCCCXIX.

CONTENTS

OF

THE SIXTH VOLUME.

Preface.

Chronological Table of the Titles of all the Acts Passed In The Reigns Of King James Ii. And King William And Queen Mary.

The Statutes of King James II.

The Statutes of King William and Queen Mary.

Index of Principal Matters in The Statutes contained in Volume VI.

PREFACE TO THIS VOLUME.

THE Sixth Volume of The Statutes of the Realm contains the Statutes from the Commencement of the Reign of King James the Second, A.D. 1685, to the End of the 6th and 7th Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, A.D. 1694.

---

This Volume has been printed, and the Chronological Table and Index have been framed, in strict conformity with the Principles referred to in the Preface to the Fifth Volume; and it is therefore unnecessary to repeat them here: it may however be proper to mention, that although Queen Mary appears to have died between the passing of the Statutes Chapter II. and Chapter III. of the 6th and 7th Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, yet the Heading is continued throughout those Years " 6 & 7 Gul. & Mar./' as the Record affords no Authority for breaking the Year: Indeed it seems probable, had the Attention of the Legislature at that time been called to the Subject, that the Statute which now stands as Chapter III. 6 & 7 William and Mary, would have followed a corresponding Heading upon a new Parliament Roll as Chapter I. 1 William III.; as it is obvious that no Year or Chapter from the last Act of the Reign of William and Mary could have been correctly designated as a continuing Year or Chapter of the Reign of William the Third.

Three Engravings, the First, of the Act for removing and preventing Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and sitting of the then present Parliament, 1 William and Mary; the Second, of the Act for establishing the Coronation Oath, 1 William and Mary; and the Third, of the Act for recognizing King William and Queen Mary, and for avoiding all Questions touching the Acts made in the Parliament assembled at Westminster the 13th Feb. 1688, 2 William and Mary, are inserted respectively at Pages 23, 56, and 156 of this Volume.

London, JOHN RAITHBY,

March 1819. Sub-Commissionbr.

( V )

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE

OF THE TITLES OF ALL

THE ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

PASSED IN THE REIGNS OF KING JAMES II.

AND KING WILLIAM AND QUEEN MARY.

DATE. TITLE oh DESCRIPTION of thb ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. King's Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

1685. Jac. II. An. 1. An Act for setleing the Revenue on His Majestic for His Life which was setled 1 on His late Majestie for His Life. I. I I

— — An Act to Attaint James Duke of Monmouth of High Treason. n. 2 — 2

An Act for Granting His Majestie an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar A Imported betweene the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six ^ hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand I six hundred ninety and three. ) hi. 3 — 2

An Act for Granting to His Majestie an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar A Imported betweene the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six 1 hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety three. J IV. 4 — 3

An Act for Granting an Aid to his Majestie by an Imposition on all French" Linnens and all East-India Linnen and severall other Manufactures of India and on all French wrought Silks and Stuffs and on all other wrought Silks 1 and on all Brandyes Imported after the First Day of July One thousand six [ hundred Eighty five and before the First Day of July One thousand six hundred and ninety. V. 5 — 7

An Act for repealing certaine Clauses in an Act of Parlyament made in the Nine and twentyeth and Thirtyeth yeares of the Raigne of His late Majestie for V Prohibiting French Comodities. J VI. 6 — 10

— -— An Act for Reviveing and continuing Two former Acts for Encouragement of ") Coynage. j VII. 7 — 10

- — An Act against the Importation of Gun-powder Arms and other Ammunition 1 and Utensils of Warr. J VIII. 8 — 10

An Act to Enable His Majestie to make Grants Leases and Copies of Offices 'j Lands and Hereditaments parcell of His Highnesses Dutchy of Cornwall or ( annexed to the same and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already j made. J IX. 9 — 11

( vi

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reigns of King James II. and King William and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE oh DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paot.

A.D. Cing'a Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter aa printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Jac. II.

1685. An. 1. continued. An Act for the Providing necessary Carriages for His Majestie in His Royall 1 Progresse and Removalls. j X. IO — 12

— — An Act for Reviveing an Act for Providing of Carriages by Land and by Water 1 for the Use of His Majestyes Navy and Ordnance. J XI. I I *3

— ———— An Act for Consolidating the Estates Tail and Reversion in Fee which His Majestie hath in the Post-Office and Twenty foure thousand pounds per > Annum of the Hereditary Excise. J XII. 1 2 — 14

— — An Act for Reviving a former Act for Exporting of Leather. XIII. 13 14

— — An Act for continuance of Three former Acts for Preventing of Theft and J Rapine upon the Northerne Borders of England. J XIV. *4 — 15

— — An Act for Rebuilding Finishing and Adorning of the Cathedrall Church of I St. Pauls London. J XV. 15 — 15

— — An Act for Cleareing p'serveing Maintaining and Repaireing the Haven and I Piers of Great Yarmouth. j XVI. 16 — 17

— — An Act for Reviveing and Continuance of severall Acts of Parlyament therein I mentioned. j XVII. 17 — 19

— — An Act to encourage the Building of Shipps in England. XVIII. 18 — 20

— — An Additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage. • XIX. 19 — 21

W. & M. —.

1688. An. 1. An Act for removeing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning I the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parlyament. j I. p.i. 1 — 23

— — • An Act for Impowering His Majestie to Apprehend and Detaine such Persons as 1 He shall finde just Cause to Suspect are conspireing against the Government, j II. 2 — 24

— — An Act for the granting a psent Ayd to Their Majestyes. III. 3 — 24

' An Act for Reviveing of Actions and Processe lately depending in the Courts -j at Westminster and Discontinued by the not holding of Hillary Terme and for \ supplying other Defects relateing to Proceedings at Law. IV. P-5- 1 6 53

— — An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall Mutiny or Desert Their Majestyes Service. f V. 2 7 55

— — An Act for Establishing the Coronation Oath. VI. 3 8 56

— An Act for Impowering His Majestie to Apprehend and Detaine such Persons as I He shall finde Just Cause to Suspect are conspireing against the Government, j VII. 4 — 57

— — An Act for the Abrogating of the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and ■) Appointing other Oathes. J VIII. 5 12 57

■ — An Act for the Amoving Papists and reputed Papists from the Cityes of London 1 and Westminster and Ten Miles distance from the same. J IX. 6 *3 60

— An Act for the takeing away the Revenue ariseing by Hearth-Money. X. 7 14 61

' 1 An Act for the Explaining and makeing Effectuall a Statute made in the First A Yeare of King James the Second concerning the Haven and Pieres of Great > Yarmouth. J XI. 8 16 62

— — An Act for the Encouraging the Exportation of Come. XII. 9 15 62

— 1 An Act for raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the Reduceing of } Ireland. j XIII. 10 *7 63

■ An Act for preventing Doubts and Questions concerning the Collecting the } Publique Revenue. J XIV. 11 18 71

Chronological Table ofActs passed in the Reigns of King James II. and King William and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. King* Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of th« Original AO in Parliament. of thi* Volume.

1688. W. & M. An. 1. continual. An Act for the better secureing the Government by disarming Papists and ) reputed Papists. j XV. P-5- 12 20 71

— — An Act that the Simoniacall Promotion of one Person may not prejudice another. XVI. *3 21 73

— An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a certaine Act of this present Parliament For ) the amoveing Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster. f XVII. 14 22 73

— — An Act for Exempting their Majestyes Protestant Subjects dissenting from the ) Church of England from the Penalties of certaine Lawes. 5 XVIII. 15 25 74

An Act for Impowering Their Majestyes to Committ without Baile such Persons 1 as They shall finde Just Cause to suspect are Conspireing against the > Government. ) XIX. 16 — 77

— — An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Ayde of Twelve pence in the 7 Pound for One Yeare for the necessary Defence of Their Realmes. y XX. P-4- I 3° 77

— — An Act for enabling Lords Commissioners for the Great Seale to execute the } Office of Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper. f XXL 2 33 86

— — An Act for the Exportation of Beere, Ale, Syder and Mum. XXII. 3 31 87

— An Act for Reviveing two former Acts for Exporting of Leather. XXIII. 4 32 88

— An Act for an Additionall Duty of [Essise *] upon Beere Ale and other ^ Liquors. C 1 Excise 0. j XXIV. 4 40 88

An Act to regulate the Administration of the Oathes required to be taken by " Commission or Warrant Officers imployed in their Majestyes Service by Land by Vertue of an Act made this present Session of Parliament entituled An Act > for the Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths. XXV. 5 4* 91

— An Act to vest in the two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging 1 to Papists. j XXVI. 6 43 92

— An Act for takeing away the Court holden before the President and Councill of J the Marches of Wales. J XXVII. 7 42 93

— — An Act for Appropriating certaine Duties for paying the States Generali of the y United Provinces their Charges for His Majesties Expedition into this v. Kingdome and for other Uses. j XXVIII. 8 48 93

— An Act for Reliefe of the Protestant Irish Clergy. XXIX. 9 52 94

— An Act to Repeale the Statute made in the fifth yeare of King Henry the y Fourth against [the1 ] Multiplying Gold and Silver. J. • 0. omits. 4 y XXX. 10 53 95

An Additionall Act for the Appointing Commissioners for the Executing an Act ^ of this present Parliament Entituled An Act for a Grant to their Majestyes of 1 an Ayde of Twelve Pence in the Pound for One Yeare for the necessary / Defence of their Realmes. XXXI. 11 51 95

— — An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Woole and Encourageing the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdome. j XXXII. 12 5° 96

An Act for Explaining part of an Act made in the first yeare of King James the j First concerning Tanned Leather. f XXXIII. 13 54 98

• • An Act for Prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France. 9 • XXXIV. 14 49 98

( viii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reigns of King James II. and King William and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of thp. ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. King's Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as primed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

1688. W. & M. An. 1. Sess. 2. An Act for a Grant to Their Majesty es of an Ayd of Two shillings in the Pound J for One Yeare. J I. p.2. — 104

— — An Act declareing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject and Sefleing the 1 Succession of the Crowne. J II. P-3- 1 2 142

— An Act for preventing all Doubts and Questions concerning the Collecting the J Publique Revenue. J III. 2 5 *45

— An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall Mutiny or Desert Their 1 Majestyes Service and for punishing False Musters. J IV. 3 6 146

— — An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Additionall Ayd of Twelve Pence 1 in the Pound for One Yeare. J V. 4 8 *49

— — An Act for the Charging and Collecting the Duties upon Coffee Tea and 1 Chocolate at the Custome-House. J VI. 5 9 >5*

— — An Act for Review of the late Poll Granted to Their Majestyes and for an I Additionall Poll towards the Reduceing of Ireland. [ VII. 6 11 152

— An Act for p>venting vexatious Suits against such as acted in order to the bringing in their Majestyes or for their Service. J VIII. 7 12 153

An Act for the better Security and Reliefe of their Majesties Protestant Subjects T of Ireland. j IX. 8 *3 *54

1689. An. 2. An Act for Recognizing King William and Queene Mary and for avoiding all ^ Questions touching the Acts made in the Parliament assembled at Westminster v the thirteenth day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight. J I. p.i. i 1 *56

— — An Act for Raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the Reduceing of *) Ireland and Prosecuting the Warr against France. II. 2 4 156

— — An Act for granting to their Majestyes for their Lives and the Life of the Survivour of them certaine Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors, j in 5 3 164

— — An Act for granting to Their Majesties a Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage -\ and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes Exported and L Imported. , J IV. 6 8 166

An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Rent in case the Rent be ■) not paid in a reasonable time. j V. 7 9 169

— — An Act for the Exercise of the Government by her Majestie during his Majestyes 1 Absence. J VI. 8 20 170

— An Act to Declare the Right and Freedome of Election of Members to serve ■) in Parlyament for the Cinque-Ports. j VII. 9 22 170

— — An Act for Reversing the Judgment in a Quo Warranto against the City of London t and for Restoreing the City of London to its antient Rights and Priviledges. j VIII. IO 21 171

— — An Act for the discouraging the Importation of Throwne Silke. IX. 11 24 173

An Act for the King and Queens most Gracious Generali and Free Pardon. • X. 12 28 i74

( ix )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reigns of King James //. and King William and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pack

A.D. ti ng's Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in I'arliament. of this Volume.

W. & M.

1690. An. 2. Sess. 2. An Act for Granting an Ayd to Their Majestyes of the Summe of Sixteene hundred fifty one thousand seaven hundred and two pounds eighteene > shillings. J I. p.2. l80

— — An Act concerning the Comissioners of the Admiralty. 11. P-3* 1 4 2l8

— — An Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors 1 dureing the space of one yeare. j III. 2 3 2l8

An Act for granting to their Majesties certaine Impositions upon all East India ^ Goods and Manufactures and upon all wrought Silks and severall other Goods ( and Merchandize to be imported after the five and twentyeth day of December ( one thousand six hundred and ninety. IV. 3 10 221

An Act for the Continuance of severall former Acts therein mentioned for the ") laying severall Duties upon Wines Vinegar and Tobacco. j V. 4 11 225

— — An Act for Punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their 1 Majestyes Service and for punishing false Musters. j VI. 5 12 227

— — An Act for Reviveing a former Act for Regulating the Measures and Prices of Coales. j VII. 6 *3 23O

An Act for Paveing and Cleansing the Streets in the Cityes of London and ~ Westminster and Suburbs and Liberties thereof and Out-Parishes in the County of Midlesex and in the Burrough of Southwarke and other places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey and for Regulating the Markets therein mentioned. VIII. 7 14 23I

~ An Act for the Encourageing the Distilling of Brandy and Spirits from Come ^ and for laying severall Dutyes on Low Wines or Spirits of the first C Extradion. f IX. 8 31 136

An Act for Granting to their Majesties severall Additionall Duties of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for foure yeares from the time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors / dureing the space of one yeare doth expire. J X. 9 32 238

An Act for Appointing and Enabling Commissioners to Examine Take and State the Publicke Accounts of the Kingdome. J XI. 10 33 243-

An Act for the Raising the Militia of this Kingdome for the Year One thousand six hundred ninety and one although the Months Pay formerly J Advanced be not Repaid. j XII. 11 35 246

■ ~ An Act for preventing Vexatious Suites against such as acted for Their Majestyes Service in defence of the Kingdome. XIII. 12 34 246

■ 1 1 An Act for the more effectuall putting in Execution an Act Entituled An Act 1 for Prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France. XIV. 13 36 247

An Act for Reliefe of poore Prisoners for Debt or Damages. XV. 14 37 ta 00

1691. An. 3. An Act for granting to Their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beere Ale 1 and other Liquors for One Year. J I. p.i. 1 1 25l

— — An Act for the Abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland and Appointing 1 other Oaths. J 11. 2 2 254-

— — An Act for the better Ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax. III. 3 4 257

— — An Act for Preserving Two Ships Lading of Bay Salt taken as Prize for the ] Benefitt of Their Majesties Navy. J IV. 4 3 258

An Act for Granting an Aid to Their Majesties of the Suine of Sixteene hundred ] fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pound? eighteen shilling? toward? the Carrying on a Vigorous Warre against France. J . V. P-3* — 259 1

A

( X )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reigns of King James II. and King William and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE oh DESCRIPTION oh thb ACT. NUMBER

A.D. King's Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of tilts Volume.

W. & M.

1691. An. 3. continued. An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable quarterly for One year for the 1 carrying on a vigorous War against France. J VI. p.2. 4 — 302

— — An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year One thousand six "I hundred ninety and two although the Months Pay formerly advanced be > not repaid. J VII. P-!-5 2 310

— — An Act for the Encouragement of the breeding and feeding of Cattell. VIII. 6 8 311

— — An Act to take away Clergy from some Offenders and to bring other to 1 Punishment. J IX. 7 3 311

— " An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer Stealers. X. 8 9 312

— — An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defects of the former \ Laws for the Settlement of the Poor. J XL 9 5 3*4

— — An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways and for settling 1 the Rates of Carriage of Goods. J XII. 10 6 3'5

— An Act against corresponding with Their Majesties Enemies. XIII. p.2. I 4 320

— An Act for Relief of Creditors against Fraudulent Devises. XIV. 2 10 32°

An Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low, Wines and Strong [Wates1] and preventing the Abuses therein. > • Water* 0. ) XV. 3 7 321

1692. An. 4. An Act for granting to Their Majesties an Aid of Foure Shilling^ in the Pound *) for One yeare for carrying on a vigorous War against France. j I. p.I. 10 323

An Act [for1] that the Inhabitants of the pvince of York may dispose of their 'v personal Estates [by their Will?*] notwithstanding the Custom of that I pvince. f 1 0. omits. 1 interlined on the Roll. j II. p.2. I 2 372

An Act for granting to Their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise" upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mencoed to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sume of Ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France. III. 2 >4 372

■ An Act for takeing Special Bails in the Countrey upon Actions and Suites 1 depending in the Courts of Kings Bench Comon Pleas and Exchequer att > Westminster. ) IV. 3 *5 379

— An Act for granting to Their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon ^ several Goods and Merchandize for the prosecuting the present War > against France. j V. 4 1 380

1 An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdome for the yeare One thousand six hundred ninety and three although the Months Pay formerly advanced v be not repaid. j VI. P-3- 1 8 387

— — An Act to prevent Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese. VII. 2 7 388

— — An Act for cncourageing the apprehending of Highway Men. VIII. 3 6 390

— — An Act for reviving two former Aftf of Parliament for the repaireing the 1 Highways in the County of Hertford. J IX. 4 5 391

— An Act for prohibiting the importation of all Forreigne Haire Buttons. X. 5 10 392

— — An Act for examineing takeing and stateing the publick Accompts of this 1 Kingdom. J XI. 6 9 392

— An Act to make Parishioners of the Church united Contributors to the Repairs 1 and Ornamentf of the Church to whome the Union is made. j XH. 7 18 393

( xi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reigns of King James II. and King William and Queen Mary.

DATE. 6 TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Page

A.D. King's Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Origiral Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

W. & M.

1692. An. 4. continued. An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert Their 'j Majesties Service and for punishing False Musters and for the payment of > Quarters. J XIII. P-3- 8 14 393

— — An Act for review of the Quarterly Poll granted to Their Majesties in the last J Session of this present Parliament. j XIV. 9 2 399

— — An Act for continueing certaine Aftf therein mencoed and for chargeing 1 several Joynt Stocks. j XV. p.4. 1 — 401

An Act to prevent Fraudf by Clandestine Mortgages. XVI. 2 — 404

— An Act for the regaining encourageing and settling the Greenland Trade. XVII. 3 13 405

— — An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of Kings Bench and for 1 the more easie reversal of Outlaries in the same Court. 0 J XVIII. 4 l5 410

— — An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for Their Majesties Service 1 in Defence of the Kingdom. J XIX. P-5- 1 4 411

— An Act for the better discovery of Judgmentf in the Courts of Kings Bench Comon Pleas & Exchequer att Westminster. j XX. 2 20 412

— — An Act for delivering DeclaracOns to Prisoners. XXI. 3 11 413

— — An Act for regulateing Proceedingf in the Crowne Office of the Court of Kings 1 Bench att Westminster. J XXII. 4 19 4i3

— — An Act for the more easie discoverie and conviction of such as shall destroy the 1 Game of this Kingdome. J XXIII. 5 12 414

— An Act for reviving cotinuing and explaining several Laws therein mentioned [that *] are expired and neare expiring. > 1 which 0. J XXIV. 6 17 416

An Act for continuing the Aftf for prohibiting all Trade and Comerce with 1 France and for the encouragement of Privateers. J XXV. 7 21 419

1693. An. 5. An Act for granting to Their Majesties an Aid of Foure Shillingf in the Pound 1 for One Yeare for carrying on a vigorous War against France. J I. p.i. 1 426

—— An Act for repealing such parts of several former Aftf as prevent or prohibit 1 the importacbn of Forreign Brandy Aqua vite and other Spirits and Bacon > except from France. j II. p. 2. 1 2 442

— An Act for the importation of fine Italian Sicilian and Naples Thrown Silke in 2 4 443

— « An Act to repeal a Clause in the Statute made in the foure and thirtieth and 'J five and thirtieth years of King Henry the Eighth by which Justices of Peace L in Wales are limitted to Eight in each County. j IV. 3 3 444

An Act to supply the deficiency of the money raised by a former Act entituled ~) An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages [in the said Act menconed '] to such persons as shall voluntarily advance V the sum of Ten hundred thousand [pondf towards carrying on the Warr against France. 1 interlined on the Roll. * Pounds 0. V. 4 6 444

— — An Act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines. VI. 5 7 446

An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt and ~] upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mencoed to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds towards earn ing on the Warr against France. J VII. 6 9 447

( xii )

Chronologic ax Table of Acts passed in the Reigns of King James //. and King William and Queen Mari/.

j DATE. TITLE ok DESCRimON of the ACT. NUMBER Page

A.D. K ing's Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. C On the Roll C in Chancery. Of the Irigiiul Act in 'arliarr.ent. of this Volume.

1694. / V. & M. in 5 & 6. An Act for the explaining and for the more effectual execution of a former Act 1 for the Relief of Poor Prisoners. J VIII. P-3- 1 *5 462

An Act for repeal of a Clause in the Statute of the Fifth yeare of Queen 1 Elizabeth (containing diverse Orders for Artificers and others) which relates to £-Weavers of Cloath. ) IX. 2 II 4<>3

— An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London. X. 3 IO 464

— An Act to prevent Delays of Proceedingf att the Quarter Sessions of the Peace. XI. 4 14 470

An Act to take away the Processe for the Capiatur Fine in the several Courts att ") Westminster. * J XII. 5 12 47* I

An Act to repeal the Statute made in the Tenth yeare of King Edward the Third T for finding sureties for the good abearing by him or her that hath a pardon of S-Felony. j XIII. 6 13 472

| — — An Act for raiscing money by a Poll payable quarterly for One yeare for carrying 1 on a vigorous Warr against France J XIV. p. 6. 1 29 472 i

An Act for continuing the Act for punishing Officers and Souldiers who shall T mutiny or desert their Majtirt Service and for punishing false Musters and for > the Payment of Quarters for One Year longer. j XV. 2 3° 479

— An Act for the Importation of Salt-Petre for One Yeare. XVI. 3 32 480

— An Act for the Exportation of Iron, Copper and Mundick Mettal. XVII. — 3l 480

r An Act for enableing theire Majesties to make Grants Leases and Copies of ^ Offices Lands and Hereditamentf Parcell of their Dutchy of Cornwall or 1 aqnexed to the same and for Confirmacon of Leases and Grants already made. .' XVIII. p.4. 1 41 481

- • ■ ~ An Act for raiseing the Militia of this Kingdome for the yeare One thousand T six hundred ninety four although the Moneths Pay formerly advanced be not repayed. XIX. 2 43 482

An Act for granting to theire Majesties severall Rates and Duties uponTunnage ~ of Shipps and Vessells and upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds towards the carrying on the Warr against France. XX. 3 38 483

— — An Act for granting to theire Majesties severall Dutyes upon Velum Parchment 1 and Paper for Four Yeares towards carrying on the warr against France. J XXI. P-5- 1 39 495

— An Act for the lycenseing and regulateing Hackney-Coaches and Stage-Coaches. XXII. 2 40 502

— — An Act for appointing and enableing Comissioners to examine take and state 1 the Publicke Accomptf of the Kingdome. j XXIII. 3 42 506

— — An Act for building good and defensible Shipps. XXIV. 4 44 5°7

r An Act for the better discipline of theire Majesties Navy Royall. XXV. 5 45 5°7

1694. An. 6 & ; r- An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage and 1 other sums of money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported. J I. p.i. 1 508

— — An Act for the frequent Meeting and calling of Parliaments. II. 2 — 510

An Act for granting to his Majestie an Aide of Four shillingf in the Pound for " One Yeare and for applying the yearely sume of Three hundred thousand Pounds for Five yeares out of the Dutyes of Tunnage and Poundage and other sumes of money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported for carrying on the Warr against France with Vigour. • p.2. 3 510

xiii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reigns of King James II. and King William and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. Kins'* Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

W. & M.

1694. An. 6 & 7. continued. An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the offices of Constable 1 Scavenger and other Parish and Ward Offices and from serving upon Juries. J IV. P-1- 3 4 56 3

An Act for enabling such persons as have Estates for life in Annuities payable "] by several former Aftf therein mencoed to purchase and obtaine further or more certaine interests in such Annuities and in default thereof for admitting y other persons to purchase or obtaine the same for raiseing moneys for carrying one the Warr against France. J V. 4 8 564

An Act for granting to his Majesty certaine rates and duties upon Marriages "I Births and Burialf and upon Batchelors and Widowers for the terme of > Five yeares for carrying on the Warr against France with Vigour. j VL p. 7. 10 568

An Act for granting to his Majestie several additional Duties upon Coffee Tea "I Chocolate and Spices towards satisfaction of the debts due for Transport > Service for the reduction of Ireland. } VII. P-3- 1 9 584

An Act for continuing Two former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who } shall mutiny or desert his Majesties service & for punishing false musters > and for payment of quarters for one yeare longer. ) VIII. 2 l5 586

— — An Act for appointing and enableing Commissioners to examine take and state the Publick Accounts. f IX. 3 12 589

An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel-Boats in the Port of J Newcastle & the Members thereunto belonging. J X. 4 *7 590

An Act for the more effectuall suppressing prophane Cursing and Swearing. XI. P*4* * 11 59l

An Act for explaining and regulateing several Doubts Duties and Penalties in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Velum Parchment and Paper and > for ascertaining the Admeasurement of the Tunnage of Ships. j XII. 2 — 592

An Act for raiseing the Militia of this Kingdome for the Yeare One thousand ^ six hundred ninety five and for repealing the Statute of the Second & Third 1 Yeare of King Edward the Sixth intituled An Act against shooting in \ Hail-Shot. J XIII. 3 *3 594

— — An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned. 1 XIV. 4 14 594

An Act to indempnifie Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions which hee might bee 'v liable to by reason of his discovering to whom hee paid and distributed several ( sums of money therein mencoed to bee received out of the Treasure of the C East-India Company or for any prosecution for such distribution. J XV. 5 18 595

— An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weares upon the River of Thames westward and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage S-upon the said River. J XVI. 6 *9 j96

— — An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the coine of this Kingdom. xvn. P-5- 1 48 59s

' An Act for granting to his Majestie certaine duties upon glasse wares stone 1 and earthen bottles coals and culme for carrying on the Warr against > France. j XVIII. 2 46 600

— An Act for imprisoning Sir Thomas Cook Sir Bazill Firebrace Charles Bates 1 Esq, and James Craggf and restraining them from aliening their estates. J XIX. p. 6. 49 607

— An Act for the Kings most gracious general and free pardon. XX. p. 6. 47 607

THE STATUTES.

STATUTES OF KING JAMES THE SECOND.

. *1*

Anno 1° JACOBI, II. A.D. 1685.

STATUTES made in the Session of Parliament,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Nineteenth Day of May, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of K. JAMES the Second.

IRotulo ^arltamentt De anno regnt ISegts Jacobi, $rtmo.

IN PARLIAMENTO inchoat et tent apud Westmonasterium decimo-nono die Maij anno Regni serenissimi atq> excellentissimi l>mi nri Jacobi Secundi Dei gra Anglia: Scoe Francie et Hibinie Regis Fidei Defensoris primo Comuni oium Dnorum et Comunitatis consensu et Regie Majestatis assensu sancita inactitata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequentia hec Statuta ad verbu ut sequitur (vidett)

Publique Acts.

CHAPTER I.

An Act for setleing the Revenue on His Majestie for His Life which was setled on His late Majestie for His Life.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parlyament made in the Twelfth Yeare of His late Majestyes Raigne of Blessed Memory and Confirmed in the Thirteenth Yeare of His said Majestyes Raigne Entituled A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summed of Money payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported, A certaine Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage acording to the Rates therein mentioned and Rules and Orders thereunto annexed was given and granted unto His late Majestye for His Life ; And whereas by an Act of Parlyament made in the Twelfth Yeare of His late Majestyes Raigne and Confirmed in the Thirteenth Yeare of His said Majesties Raigne Entituled A Grant of certaine Impositions upon Beere Ale Cyder and other Liquors for the Increase of His Majestyes Revenue dureing His Life severall Rates Impositions Dutyes and Charges upon Beere Ale Cyder and other Liquors therein mentioned were given and granted to His late Majestie for His Life; The Commons in Parlyament assembled doe Give and Grant to your most excellent Majestie the aforesaid Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage and the several Rates Duties and Impositions upon Beere Ale Cyder and other Liquors in the respective Acts aforesaid. And doe most humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted, And bee it enacted by the King's most excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this your present Parlyament assembled and by Authoritie of the same, That the aforesaid Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage and the severall Rates Dutyes and Impositions upon Beere Ale Cyder and other Liquors aforesaid be Levyed Collected and Paid unto Your Majestie dureing your Life; And that the aforesaid Acts and and every Article Rule and Clause therein mentioned from the Sixth Day of February last past, And alsoe that an Order of the Commons in Parlyament assembled made in pursuance of the Rules and Orders annexed to the aforementioned Ad of Tonnage and Poundage for setleing of Officers Fees Dated the Seventeenth of May One thousand six hundred sixty two and signed by Sir Edward Turner then Speaker, shall be of full force and effect to all Intents and Purposes dureing your Majestyes Life as if the same were pardcularly and at large recited in the Body of this Act.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one Ad of Parlyament made in the Twelfth yeare of his late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act to prevent Fraudes and Concealments of Customs and Subsidies As alsoe one Ad made in the Fourteenth Yeare of his late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for preventing Fraudes and regulating Abuses in His Majestyes Customs be of full force and effect dureing His Majestyes Life which God long preserve.

Ret. Pari. nu. I.

Grant to the late King of Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage by ia Car. II. c. 4. confirmed by 13C.II. st. 1. c.7. Grant of Duties on Beer, See. by

12 Car. II. c. 23. confirmed by

13 Car. II. c. 7.

The said Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and the said Duties on Beer, &c. granted to the present King for life.

Recited Acts and an Order for Fees revived and continued.

II.

12 Car. II. c. 19.

13 & 14 Car. II.

c. 11. continued for the King's Life.

B

Q

1° Jac. II. c. % 3.

A.D. 1685.

CHAPTER II.

Rot. Parl. nu. 1.

An Act to Attaint James Duke of Monmouth of High-Treason.

James Duke of Monmouth attainted of High Treason.

WHEREAS James Duke of Monmouth has in an hostile Manner Invaded this Kingdome and is now in open Rebellion Levying Warr against the King contrary to the Duty of his Allegiance, Bee it enabled by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this Parlyament assembled and by the Authorise of the same, That the said James Duke of Monmouth Stand and be Convicted and Attainted of High-Treason and that he suffer Paines of Death and Incurr all Forfeitures as a Traitor Convicted and Attainted of High Treason.

Rot. Parl. nu. 3.

For Repairs of the Navy, &c.

Imposition of £%. per Ton on French Wine and Vinegar, and jf 12. per Ton on Spanish Wine.

II.

Importer to pay Duties before landing, or to be bound for Payment at Three equal Payments.

Sureties for Duties taken at Discretion of Commissioners.

III. Abatement out of Duties on Payment in ready Money.

IV.

Liquors landed, without paying or securing Duties, forfeited.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for Granting His Majestie an Imposition upon all Wines and Vineger Imported betweene the Foure and and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety and three.

Most Gracious Soveraigne

WEE Your Majestyes most Dutifull and Loyall Subjects the Commons Assembled in Parlyament, towards a Supply for Repaires of the Navy and providing Stores for the Navy and Ordnance and other your Majestyes weighty and important Occasions, and with an humble and Thankfull Acknowledgement of Your Majestyes Favourable and Tender Reguard of Us Your Commons, have Chearfully and Unanimously given and granted unto Your Majestie an Aid and Assistance to be Raised and Levyed upon all Wines and Vineger to be imported into this Your Majestyes Kingdome according to such Rates and dureing such Time and in such manner and forme as herein after followreth ; And Wee doe humbly beseech Your Majestie that it may bee enacted, And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesrie by and with the Advice and Consent of the L^rds Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same, That for all French Wines Spanish Wines or other Wines whatsoever as alsoe for all Vineger which at any Time after the Fow'er and twentyeth Day of June in the Yeare of Our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty five and before the Foure and twentyeth Day of June in the Yeare of Our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three shall bee Imported into England or Wales or the Towne or Port of Berwicke upon Tweede there shall be duely Answered and Paid to His Majestie the further Rates and Dutyes hereafter mentioned (that is to say) For every Tun of French Wine and of Vineger which shall bee Imported within the Time aforesaid the Summe of Eight Pounds by the Tun and soe after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity And alsoe for every Tun of Spanish Wines or of any other Wines which shall be Imported within the Time aforesaid the Summe of Twelve Pounds by the Tun and soe after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity.

And for the bettor and more sure Collecting and Receiving of all and singular the Dutyes hereby Imposed Bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Person or Persons within the Time aforesaid shall Import or cause to bee Imported by way of Merchandize or otherwise any of the Liquors such Importer shall upon the Entry made of such Liquors and before the Landing thereof Pay dowme the Dutyes hereby imposed in ready Money deducting the Allowance hereafter mentioned or otherwise become Bound unto His Majestic with Two or more sufficient Sureties or procure Three other Persons to become Bound to His Majestie to Answere and Pay unto His Majestie the whole Rates and Duties hereby Imposed by Three severall and equall Payments The First Payment thereof to be made within Three Months after the Date of the said Obligation The Second Payment to be made within Six Months after the Date of the said Obligation And the Third and last Payment to be made within Nine Months after the Date of the said Obligation T he takeing which Bonds and the approbation of the Sureties therein to be named is hereby left to the Discretion of such Farmers or other Commissioners for the Time being as shall be intrusted with the Receipt and Management of His Majestyes Customes and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage or their Deputy Collectors in the severall Ports or such other person or persons as His Majestie shall Authorize and Appoint to Collect the Dutyes ariseing by this Act.

Provided alwayes And it is hereby Declared and Enacted That all and every person and persons Importing any of the Liquors aforesaid within the time aforesaid by way of Merchandize or otherwise who shall pay the Dutyes which by this Act are due and payable in ready Money shall be allowed and abated out of the said Dutyes after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Cent, for a Yeare in consideration of such ready Money soe paid downe and advanced.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any of the said Liquors shall be Imported within the Time aforesaid and Landed without present Payment made of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed in Cases where this Act requires present Payment to be made or without Security given for Payment thereof in Cases where this Act admitts of Security to be taken That then and in every such Case all and every the Liquors soe Imported and Landed or the value thereof shall bee forfeited One Moyety thereof to His Majestie and the other Moyety to him or them that shall or will Sue for the same And shall and may be Recovered in any Court of Record by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more

3

1° Jac. II. c. 3, 4.

then One Imparlance And yet neverthelesse the person soe Importing and Landing any of the said Liquors shall Importers notwithstanding such Forfeitures soe as aforesaid incurred remaine and continue lyable unto and shall answere and "o'duuV#*3

pay unto His Majesde the Rates and Duties for such Liquors which by this Act are due and payable.

And whereas by the Act for Tonnage and Poundage and the Instructions and Rules for Collecting His Majestyes importe^'

Dutves ariseing thereby it is Directed that certaine Allowances be made upon Importation of Wines and other Liquors chargeable with

Bee it further Enacted That noe Importer thereof shall bee chargeable by vertue of this Act to pay the Duty hereby

required for any greater proportion of Wines or other Liquors duely Entered at the Custome-House then what shall Allowances by A a

remaine Neat after all such Allowances and Abatements; And whereas this present Act gives noe abatement to any poundage of

Person upon Exportation of any the Liquors aforesaid Bee it further Enacted and Declared That all Importers not I. ^ent*

being Vintners or Retailers (who are hereby declared shall pay ready Money for the whole Duty) who shall Import Allowance tot b )g

any of the aforesaid Liquors within the Time aforesaid and shall make Oath that the same are Imported by way of Retailers on

Merchandize and with intent to Sell againe (which Oath the Farmers or Commissioners of His Majesties Customs for

the time being or in their absence the Collector of His Majesties Customes in each severall and respective Port or such lying on Hand.

other person or persons as His Majesde shall Authorize and Appoint to Collect the Duties ariseing by this Act have Qath by such

hereby power to Administer) That then and in every such Case for and in consideration of any defect or damage Importers.

that may happen by any of the aforesaid Liquors lyeing longer on the said Importers hands then heretofore or by

reason of any other Accident there shall be allowed and abated to every such Importer the further Allowance of

Eight Pounds per Cent, and noe more.

Provided That noe Merchant shall be Charged with any Duty imposed by this Act for the Prizage Wine which Merchants not he Imports in any Shipp or Vessell Nor shall any Security bee by him given for the same but that it be recieved liable lo I>uly. and taken from the person who hath or enjoyeth the benefitt of the said Prizage Wine who is hereby appoynted to for Pnza^e pay the same.

Provided alwayes And it is hereby Declared and Enacted That if any of the said Imported Liquors for which any No Alliance &c of the Rates and Duties by this Act Imposed shall be paid downe and advanced or otherwise secured as aforesaid on Exportation of shall at any Time after such Importation be againe Exported into Parts beyond the Seas That then and in every such imPorled Liquors, case the Person or Persons soe Exporting the same shall bee wholly barred and excluded from haveing or recieving backe the Duties of this Act soe paid downe [or1] advanced or any Part thereof, nor shall the Securitie formerly given by such person Exporting for the true payment of the Duties by this Act Imposed, be any wayes razed lessened or discharged by reason of such Exportation but the same Securities shall remaine and continue in full force until the Dutyes thereby secured be fully and wholly satisfied and paid Any such Exportation to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the better Prevention of all such Frauds which at any time hereafter may be committed to the prejudice p Vin.^ of His Majestie in the due Collecting and Receiving of the Duties hereby Imposed upon such Liquors to be Imported as to enter Ships and aforesaid, Bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That the Officers of His Majestyes Customes or such other *carch»&c*

Person or Persons as His Majestie shall Authorize and Appoint to collect the Duties ariseing by this Act shall have

like Power and Authorise to enter on board Shipps and Vessells and make Searches and to doe all other Matters and

Things which may tend to secure the true Payment of the Duties by this Act imposed and the due and orderly

Collection thereof which any Customers Collectors or other Officers of any of His Majesties Ports can or may doe

touching the Secureing His Majesties Customs of Tonnage and Poundage and all the said Liquors to be Imported

within the Time aforesaid and Landed without doeing and performing what by this Act *a required to be done and

performed before the Landing thereof: And all Officers of His Majestyes Customs and all Persons Importing any of officers and others

the said Liquors and all others imployed by His Majestie in the Collection of the Duties ariseing by this Act who shall d°ing Attending

be found guilty of any Act or Neglect tending to defraude His Majestie of any the Duties hereby Imposed shall be liable to Penalties

subject and lyeable to the same Seizures Penalties and Forfeitures which by vertue of any former Act can or may of former Acts.

be inflicted in such Cases where His Majestie is defrauded or endeavoured to be defrauded of any of His Customs

and Subsidies as fully and amply as if the same Clauses of Seizures Penalties and Forfeitures and the same Distribution

of such Forfeitures and the same Remedy for Recovery thereof had beene againe in this Act particularly Repeated

Applyed and Enacted. And if any Liquors Seised for any Offence committed against this Act shall be claimed proof of Payment

by any person as the Importer thereof the proofe whether the Duties thereof be duely Paid or Secured shall lye ^fDuty to be on

upon such Claimer and shall not be incumbent on His Majestie or any Prosecutor or Informer on Behalfe of His

Majestie and himselfe.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for Granting to His Majestie an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar Imported betweene the Foure and Rot. Parl. nu. 4. twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety three.

Most Gracious Soveraigne,

WEE Your Majestyes most Dutifull and Loyall Subjects the Commons Assembled in Parliament for a further Supply

for the Repaires of the Navy and Providing Stores for the Navy and Ordnance and payment of the Debt the King s Debt, due to His late Majesties Servants and Family and other Your Majestyes weighty and important Occasions have Chearfully &c* and Unanimously given and granted unto Your Majestie an Aide and Assistance to be Raised and Levyed upon all

1 and 0.

4

1° Jac. II. c. 4

A.D. 1685.

Additional Duties on Tobacco and Sugar, viz.

Plantation Tobacco, 3d. per lb. Spanish, &c.6d. per lb.

Muscovado Sugar, £ per lb.

Plantation Sugar,

£ per lb.

Foreign Sugar,

£ per lb.

Panelcs ^ per lb* Foreign White powdered Sugar i£d. per lb.

Foreign Sugar imported 3d. per lb.

To be levied on Consumer, and paid upon landing, &c.

II.

Importer, not being a Retailer, to give Security not to suffer Goods to be delivered to Buyer till Duty paid, or if not (old in Eighteen Months, to pay Duties.

Importer to certify Quantity, &c. of Goods, and Name of Buyer.

Penalty on delivering Goods before Certificate of Payment of Duty,

Double Duty.

III.

Barter of Goods deemed a Sale, and Duty paid on both if liable.

Penalty.

!V>

Buyer with design to export to certify Quantity, &c. and give Security so to do within Four Months.

Certificate of such Bond given by Chief Officer.

Oath that Goods not relanded.

No Fee.

Tobacco and Sugar to be Imported into Your Majestyes Kingdome according to such Rates and dureing such Time and in such Manner and Forme as herein after followeth ; And wee doe humbly beseech Your Majestie that it may be enacted And bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same, That for ail sorts of Tobacco as alsoe for all [sors‘] of Sugar which at any time after the Foure and twentieth day of June in the Yeareof our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and five and before the Foure and twentieth day of June which shall be in the yeareof our Lord God One thousand six hundred ninety and three shall be Imported into England or Wales or the Towne and Port of Berwicke upon Tweede there shall be duely answered and paid to His Majestie the further Rates and Duties hereafter mentioned (that is to say) for all sorts of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of any of His Majestyes Plantations Islands or Territories in America Three pence for every Pound weight thereof above what it now payes, and for every Pound weight of Spanish or Forreigne 'lobacco not of the English Plantations Six pence above what it now payes. And for all Muscovadoe Sugar of the aforesaid Plantations Islands Lands or Territories One Farthing the Pound weight above what it now payes, and for every Pound weight of Sugar of the English Plantations made fitt for Common use or Spending Three Farthings above what it now payes, And for every pound weight of Muscovade Sugar of Brazile or any other Forreigne part not oi English Plantations One halfe penny above what it now payes and for all [Panee*] Sugar One halfe penny the Pound weight above what it now payes. And for every Pound weight of Forreigne white powder Sugar One penny farthing above what it now pays, And for all Forreigne Sugar Imported in the Loafe Three pence the Pound weight above what it now pays; All which Duties to be paid for any of the Commodities aforesaid Imported as aforesaid shall from time to time and at all times dureing the Continuance of this Act be levyed on the Consumptioner of the said Commodities in England or Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede to bee paid in manner following (that is to say) The Importer Merchant Planter or other that shall Import the said Goods if he be a Retailer Consumptioner or Shop-Keeper dealeing in those Commodities the Dutyes aforesaid shall be paid and satisfied by such Importer Shop-Keeper Retailer or Consumptioner upon the Importing or Landing of his or their Goods and before he or they be permitted or suffered to carry away his or their Goods from the Custome-House or other place in the Port in which they may happen to be Landed or brought on Shore

And bee it further enacted That every Merchant or Importer that is not a Retailer Consumptioner or Shopkeeper dealing in those Commodities after Entry of his or their Goods by Bill under his or their Hands or the Hand of such Person [for*] whome he or they shall ingage to be answerable, presently before he or they be admitted or permitted to have any Warrant to recieve his or their Goods out of the Shipp or from the Water-side shall become bound unto His Majestie with one or more sufficient Suretyes or procure Two other Persons to become bound to His Majestie in such Summes of Money as shall amount to the value of the Duties hereby imposed upon his or their Goods with Condition That he or they shall not and will not deliver or cause or suffer any of the said Goods to be delivered unto any of the Buyers thereof or putt or delivered into the Custody or Possession of any Retailer Consumptioner or Shopkeeper dealing in the said Commodities before such time as the Duty imposed by this Act upon his or their said Goods be first duely paid and satisfyed or that in case he shall not Sell or Export the same before the expiration of Eighteene Months from the Importation thereof that he will pay all and every the Dutyes imposed by this Act and that every Merchant or other Importer of any [of4]] the Commodities lyable to the Duties imposed by this Act after he hath Entred his Goods and given Bond as aforesaid shall afterwards upon Sale of all or any part of the same under his owne Hand or the Hand of such Person for whome he or they shall be responsible Certifie in Writeing the Quantity and Quality and Weight of his Goods sold with the Name of the Buyer who bringing and delivering of the same to the next Office appointed for the Collection of this Duty shall then and there pay the Duties aforesaid of the Goods soe certified to be sould unto the Officer appointed to recieve the same who thereupon shall give him a Receipt for such his Duties paid and a Certificate to be left with the Merchant Importer of the Payment of the same and noe Merchant Importer aforesaid before his Receipt of such Certificate of Payments of the Dutyes as aforesaid shall deliver or cause to be Delivered nor Buyer nor any other Person recieve all or any such Goods upon Paine of Forfeiture of double Duties imposed by this Act or the value of the Goods soe Delivered and Recieved which Forfeiture the said Importer and Receiver shall each of them be lyable unto.

And bee it further enacted That a Barter Trucke or Exchange of one Goods for another shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemed and reputed a Sale, and the Duties presently paid for both Commodities if they be both lyable thereunto or for such of the Commodities as are lyable, upon paine of forfeiting by the Partyes Bartering Trucking or Exchanging as in case of not paying the Duties for the like Goods upon the Sale of them.

Provided alwayes That where the first Buyer or Receiver of the said Goods in Trucke Barter or Exchange does buy or receive the said Goods with Intent to Export the same in such case the Importer shall certifie in writeing the Quantity and Quality and Weight of the Goods Sold or Bartered with the Name of the Buyer or Barterer who bringing and delivering of the same unto the Chiefe Officer or Officers in the next Office appointed for the Collection of this Duty shall then and there enter into Bond with Sureties and Penalty of double Duties as aforesaid to Export the same bona fide within the space of Foure months who thereupon shall give him a Certificate of such Bond Entred into the which Certificate he shall deliver to the Merchant Importer and by vertue of the same recieve Possession of the Goods and such Certificate being produced by the Importer shall Discharge his Account for soe much as if the Dutyes had beetle paid the which Bond for the Exportation of the Goods soe Entred into shall againe be discharged and vacated by the Certificate of His Majestyes Searcher or Under-Searcher in the Port of London and of the Searcher of any other of the Out-Ports certifying the Shipping of the same and the Merchant or Merchants* Oath that the same have not againe been relanded in England or Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede For which Oath and Certificate noe Fee is to be taken.

1 Sorts 0.

9 Panele O.

5 from O.

* 0. omits

A.D. 1685.

1° Jac. II. c. 4.

5

And bee it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid That the Commissioners or chiefe Managers and Collectors appointed for the Collecting of this Duty respectively and in their severall and respective Offices once every Three Months without faile or oftner if they shall see cause shall take care for the Balancing and Adjusting of the Merchants their Import Accounts by calling them and requireing them and every of them to bring and deliver to them respectively a particular Account of all the Goods and Merchandize lyeable to this Duty which shall be then remaining on his or their Hands at the Time he or they shall be soe called upon and required And if any such Merchant Importer or other Person shall upon Notice given him or them, or shall upon notice or summons left at his or their usuall place of abode or habitation warning him or them thereunto refuse or neglect to give in such Account for the space of Fourteene dayes after such notice warning or summons as aforesaid Every such Merchant or Importer shall then be lyable to the Payment of the full Duty of all the Goods he shall stand duely Charged within his or their Import Account and shall pay the same within Fourteene dayes next after following at the furthest Or in default thereof every such Merchant Importer shall forfeite double the value of all the Dutyes of such Goods as shall be found resting and remaineing on his Import Account and shall ever after be incapeable of takeing up any Goods lyable to this Duty in any Port of this Realme for his owne or any other use without Payme.nt downe of the Duty of such Goods as if he were a Retailer Consumptioner or Shopkeeper dealing in such Goods But if such Importer shall upon demand or within Fourtoone dayes after give in such Account as aforesaid then the said Commissioners Collectors or chiefe Managers of this Duty may (if they c©© cause soe to doe) appoint One or more Officer or Officers to Enter into all the Cellers Warehouses Store Ce'ilers or other Places whatsoever belonging to such Importer to Search See and Try by takeing an Account of the Quantity and Quality of the Goods and Merchandize therein remaining whether such Importers Remainder doe agree with his Account or i^ and to make Reporte thereof to the said Commissioners or Collectors respectively Which Report of such Officer or Officers in case of differences betweene the Remainder and Accompt of such Merchant shall be reputed taken and esteemed for the true and just remainder according to which the said Commissioners or Collectors shall proceede in makeing up his Accompt And then such Importer makeing Oath before the said Commissioners Collectors or chiefe Managers of this Duty respectively that the Goods and Merchandize remaining viewed by the Officer or Officers aforesaid and all other Goods fhipt out by him or others by which his Account is to be discharged were all and every Part and Parcell of them such Goods and Merchandize as had beene bona fide formerly imported by himselfe and Entred in the Office appointed for the same and there Charged on his proper Import Account and that the said Goods and Merchandizes found soe remaineing had not beene sold or altered either directly or indirectly in their property since [the1] first Importation and bringing in of the same into this Realme the said Commissioners Collectors or chiefe Managers of this Duty shall setle and adjust the aforesaid Importers Accounts accordingly But if any Merchant Importer aforesaid shall refuse to permitt any Officer or Officers Authorized by Warrant from the Commissioner or Commissioners for the Collecting of this Duty in the day time to Enter into or Search his or their Cellars

Warehouses Storehouses Store Cellars or other Places and to take an Account of the Quality and Quantity of his

and their Goods therein remaining Every such Merchant shall for every such refusall forfeite One hundred Pounds; and if permitting Entrance and Search as aforesaid shall neverthelessse refuse to make [Oath1] that the Goods and Merchandize viewed and seene and shewn unto the Officer or Officers as aforesaid or Shipt out as aforesaid were all of them Imported by himselfe from beyond the Seas and Entered upon his Import Account in the Office appointed for this Duty and without any Alteration or Property all and every such Goods shall be esteemed and reputed the Goods and Merchandize of some other then such Importer and therefore not at all to be reckoned in Discharge of his Account And if such Merchant shall make Oath and y©t choll neglect or refuse for the Space of Fourteene

dayes following after the doeing thereof to pay and satisfie such Duties as by this Act shall be due and payable

thereupon every such Importer his Bond given upon Entry of those Goods which he found wanting shall be returned into the Exchequer there to be Prosecuted according to the course of law and shall not afterwards upon his or their Importation of Goods into any Port of this Realme be permitted to take up Land or Lay on Shore his or their Goods before Payment downe of the full Duties by this Act Imposed unto the Officer appointed to receive the 6ame at the Port where his Goods shall arrive or be brought in

Provided alwayes And it is hereby declared That the Importers Accounts shall be discharged by Exportations by him made for which he shall produce Certificate under the Hands of His Majestyes Searcher or Under-Searcher in the Port of London and of the Searcher of any other of the Out-Ports Certifying the Shipping out of the same And his or their Oath that the same have not beene againe Relanded in England Wales, or Towne of Berwicke upon Twreede.

V.

Commissioner* may once every three Months call on Merchant to bring in Account of Goods in hand.

Penalty on Merchant not giving in Account.

If Merchant bring in Account, then Commissioners may appoint Searchers of the Goods.

Report by Searchers taken for true.

Oath of Merchant before passing Account.

Merchant refusing Officer to search.

Penalty, j£ioo.

Refusing Oath that Goods searched were imported by him $ Punishment.

Or making Oath and not paying Duties.

Bond returned into Exchequer and prosecuted, and further Punishment.

VI. Importer'* Accounts discharged by Exportations.

Certificate and Oath.

VII.

Provided alsoe That every Importer who shall be Retailer Consumptioner or Shopkeeper dealing in the Drawback to Commodities aforesaid who are to pay downe the aforesaid Duty upon such his Importation shall upon his Exportation E^rtatior of the said Comodi ties within the space of Eighteene Months next after such his Importation be repaid the Duties soe 18 Month*, by him paid downe upon his Importation of the same by the Officer appointed to receive the said Duty.

;>on m

And forasmuch as the Commodities aforesaid are lyable to Damage on the Seas, And whereas by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage and the Rules and Instructions for Collecting His Majesties Duties ariseing thereby It is directed that Allowance bee made for Damage by Salt-wrater or otherwise Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That noe Importer of the Commodities chargeable by this Act shall bee charged for any greater Proportion of the Goods herein mentioned duely Entered at the Custome-house then what shall remaine Neate after such Allowance or Abatement.

VIII. Importer charged with Duty only for what ftiali remain Neat after Allowance by

Act of Tonnage and Poundage.

1 their 0.

• Oath oath O.

C

6

1° Jac. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1685.

IX.

Commissioners may allow for Damage, &c.

X.

If no Sale or Exportation in 18 Months, Duties to be paid.

Allowance for Waste and Decay.

XI.

Officers

appointed in every Port.

Hours of Attendance.

XU.

Importers to enter their Goods in their own Names.

Penalty, Double Duty.

And forasmuch as the Commodities aforesaid are lyable to Waste and Decay dureing the time they may remainc in the hands of the Importer before the Sale or Exportation of the same the aforesaid Commissioner or Commissioners Collectors or chiefe Managers of this Duty are hereby Impowered and Authorized to make such further Allowance for the same as to their Judgements shall seeme meete considering the Circumstances of the Commodities and the time of their lyeing by in consideration of all Damages Want of Weight Diminution or Prejudice whatsoever that may happen to the said Commodities Provided such Allowance exceede not Eight Pounds per Cent in the whole for all Causes whatsoever.

And whereas it is Provided That this Duty be Collected on the Retailer Consumptioner or Shopkeeper Tradeing in the said Commodities [Imporing'] the same or on the first Buyer not exporting the same as is before declared Bee >t further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case the Merchant or other Importing the same (who shall be admitted to receive Possession of his Goods on Security as aforesaid) shall not cleare his or their Import Account either by Sales or Exportation as aforesaid within the Terme of Eighteene Months from the time of the Importation of the said Goods he or they the said Importer or Importers shall be charged with the Duty Imposed by this Act on the Commodities aforesaid and Answere and Pay the same as if the said Goods had then beene Sold for Rctaile although the said Goods shall still remaine without any Alteration of Property in his or their Hands Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding Provided alwayes That in such [Case '] Allowance be made for Waste and Decay in the manner already provided for.

And to the end that all Importers Merchants and Persons concerned in the Payment of the Duties aforesaid may know to whome and where to pay the same and to make Entry of their Goods in manner as by this Act is intended It is hereby Enacted That His Majestie may from time to time Nominate Commissionatc and Authorize such Commissioner or Commissioners Collector or Collectors or other Officer or Officers as he shall thinke fitt to Manage Collect and Levy the said Duties in every Port of the Kingdome which said Commissioners Collectors or other Officer or Officers soe appointed shall duely attend at the Custome House or other Place publickly appointed in the Port or Place to which he or they shall be respectively appointed at the usuall houres and times in which the Officers of the Customes doe or ought to attend and there shall doe and Execute whatsoever ought to be Done and Executed on his or their Parts pursuant to the Trust reposed in him or them according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Merchant or Merchants or any other Person or Persons whatsoever Entering any Goods Wares and Merchandizes from beyond the Seas that are lyable to the Dutyes imposed by this Act shall Enter his or their Commodities in any other then the Name of the true Importer of the said Commodities Nor shall make use of any Name of any Person whatsoever to Colour his or their Goods whether it be with or without the consent of such Person upon paine of forfeiture of double Dutyes on such Goods soe found or discovered to be Entered or Coloured contrary to the true meaning hereof.

XIII. Goods to be landed, &c.

according to Laws of Customs, in force.

Penalties in former Acts in force.

And Powers of former Acts in Commissioners under this Act.

XIV. Penalties how recovered.

Officers only may soe.

And for the better Levying and Collecting all and every of the said Duties imposed by this Act and preventing the many Frauds and Deceits which may be had and used by evill-disposed Persons and undue Practices to elude this Act, Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Goods Wares or Merchandizes lyable to the Dutyes by this Act imposed shall from and after the said Fowre and twentyeth Day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and five dureing the continuance of this Act be discharged or laid on Land out of any Shipp, Bottome, Hoy, Barke Lighter Boate or Vessell whatsoever or putt off from any Wharfe Key or Place ot Land into any ck;rr. Rottome. Hoy. Barke Lighter Boate or [other3] Vessell whatsoever but onely in such Manner and at such times and Places and noe otherwise then the said Goods or Merchandizes may or ought to be unshipped Unladen or putt into any Shipp or other Vessell to be laid on Shore or Laden putt off' from Land into any Shipp or other Vessell by vertue of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the severall Lawes and Statutes made and Enacted for the Payment of his Majestyes Customes and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage and for Collecting and Levying the said Dutyes, And for preventing Fraudes and regulating Abuses in His Majestyes Customs; and all the Clauses Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in the aforesaid Acts against Masters of Shipps Wharfingers Seamen and Boatemen Carmen and Porters shall be to all Intents and Purposes in full force touching and concerning any of the Goods and Merchandises mentioned in this Act and the Dutyes imposed thereupon (as well in relation to their Landing at their Importation as at the Loading of the same at Exportation as alsoe for their carrying at any Time Coastwise from one Port to another) as if the same were herein particularly and at large Recited; And the Commissioner or Commissioners Collector or Collectors Officer or Officers appointed as aforesaid for the Collecting of this Duty are hereby impowered for the better Collecting the Dutyes hereby imposed and therein avoiding all frauds and undue practices with all the Powers and Authorities the Commissioners Collectors or Officers of the Custome-House have or may have by vertue of the aforementioned Lawes in relation to the management of the Customs.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by vertue of this Act shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in His Majestyes Court of Exchequer or in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster And that one Moyety of all Penalties and Forfeitures herein mentioned shall be to the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to such Person or Persons as shall Sue for the same wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed or any more then one Imparlance Provided alwayes That noe Person or Persons shall sue for the aforesaid Penalties or Forfeitures but such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by His Majestie or by any Authority derived from him for the managment of His Customs or the Dutyes imposed by this Act. And bee it hereby alsoe Enacted That all Officers Deputyes Clerks or Servants which shall have any Office or Imployment in the Managing Collecting or Attending

* other other O.

importing O.

« cause O.

1° Jac. II. c. 4, 5.

7

upon the Collection of this Duty shall before their Entring upon their respective Offices Trusts or Employments take their respective Corporall Oathes for the due and faithfuil Execution and Discharge to the best of their knowledge and power of the severall Trusts and Employments committed to their Charge before the Commissioners or Chiefe Managers of the Customs or this Duty or before the Customer or Comptroller in any Out-Port of the Kingdome; And if any Commodity seized for any Offence committed against this Act shall be claimed by any Person whatsoever or any Personal 1 Information shall be brought or commenced against any Person for the recovering of the Dutyes or Forfeitures granted by this Act the Onus probandi or the proofe whether the Dutyes thereof be paid or secured shall lye upon the Claimer or Defendant and shall not be incumbent on His Majestie or any Prosecutor or.Informer on behalfe of His Majestie or himselfe ; Provided such Seizure or Information be made or brought by Officers or Persons imployed in His Majestyes Customs or the Dutyes ariseing by vertue of this Act.

Oath by Officers to execute Ad.

Proof of Payment of Duty to lie on Claimant, &c.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for Granting an Aid to his Majestie by an Imposition on all French Linnens and all East-India Linnen and Rot. Parl. nu. $. severall other Manufactures of India and on all French wrought Silks and Stuffs and on all other wrought Silks and on all Brandyes Imported after the First Day of Jvily One thousand six hundred Eighty five and before the First Day of July One thousand six hundred and ninety.

Most Gracious Sovereigne,

WEE Your Majestyes most Dutifull and Loyal 1 Subjects the Commons assembled in Parlyament for a Supply of Your Majestyes Extraordinary Occasions for suppressing the Rebellion of the late Duke of Monmouth and his Adherents, and with an Humble and Thankfull Acknowledgment of Your Majestyes Favourable and Tender Regard of us Your Commons, have C.hearfully and Unanimously Given and Granted unto Your Majestie An Aid and Assistance to be Raised and Levyed upon all French Linnen and upon all Callicoes and all other Indian Linnen Imported from the East Indies or from any other Parts from whence they may by Law be Imported And on all wrought Silks or Manufactures of India made of or mixed with Herba or Silk and Thread or Cotton Imported from the East Indies or from any other Parts from whence they may by Law be Imported And on all wrought Silks and other Stuffs Manufactured in France or Avignion And on all other wrought Silks Imported from any other Place and on all Single Brandy and on all Brandy above Proofe Imported into this Your Majestyes Kingdome, and on all Home-made Spirits and Strong Waters according to such Rates and dureing such Time and in such manner and forme as herein after followeth And wee doe humbly beseech Your Majestie That it may be Enacted And bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by (1 ) and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Coihons in this present Parlyament Assembled And by the Authoritie of the same That for all French Linnen and for Callicoes and all other Indian Linnen Imported from the East-Indies or from any other Parts from whence they may by Law be Imported and for all wrought Silks or Manufactures of India made of or mixt with Herba or Silke and Thread or Cotton Imported from the East Indies or from any other Parts from whence they may by Law be Imported and for all wrought Silks and other Stuffs whatsoever Manufactured in France or Avignion and for all other wrought Silks Imported from any other place whatsoever and for all single Brandy and for all Brandy above Proofe which at any time after the First Day of July in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and five and before the First Day of July in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety shall be Imported into England or Wales or the Towne and Port of Berwicke upon-Tweede As alsoe for all Home-maHp Spirit* and Strong Waters which after the said First Day of July in the said Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and five and before the First Day of July in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety shall be made or distilled for Sale there shall be duely answered and paid to His Majestie the further Rates and Dutyes hereafter mentioned That is to say; For all French Linnen Imported within the time aforesaid Double the Duties they stand charged with in the Booke of Rates; And for all Callicoes and all other Indian Linnen Imported within the time aforesaid from the East Indies or from any other Parts from whence they may by Law be Imported Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value thereof; And for all wrought Silks or other Manufactures of India mixed with Herba or Silke and Thread or Cotton Imported within the time aforesaid from the East Indies or from any other Parts from whence they may by Law be Imported Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value thereof; And for all wrought Silks and other Stuffs Manufactured in France or Avignion Imported within the time aforesaid Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value thereof; And for all other wrought Silks Imported within the time aforesaid from any other Place Seven pounds for every Hundred pounds value thereof; And for every Gallon of Strong Water or Brandy comonly called single Brandy or Strong Water Imported from beyond the Seas within the time aforesaid Eight pence over and above the Dutyes of Excize and Custome already payable for the same, And for every Gallon of Strong Water or Brandy above Proofe commonly called Double Brandy Imported within the time aforesaid Two shillings over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs it already pays; and for every Gallon of Strong Waters Aqua Vite or Spiritts of the second Extraction made here for Sale to be paid by the Maker Foure pence over and above the Duties of Excise already payable for the same: for all which additionall Duties hereby Imposed upon the aforementioned Commodities Imported as aforesaid the Importer giveing Security at the Custome House shall have time not exceeding Twelve Months for the Payment of the same from the Importation to be paid by Foure equall and Quarterly Payments, or in case such Importer shall pay ready Money he shall have after the Rate of Ten per Centum for a Yeare of the said Duty abated to him and if the Commodities aforementioned Imported as aforesaid for which this Duty is paid or secured at the Importation thereof bee againe Exported within Twelve Months after their Importation then the aforesaid Duties shall be wholly repaid or the Security vacated as to what shall be soe exported except all Brandy for which the aforesaid Duties shall not be repaid.

For an extraordinary Supply,

additional Duties grunted on French Linens, Callicoes, and East India Linens, India Silks, French and other wrought Silks, Foreign Brandy, and Home-made Spirits, viz.

French Linen, Double Duties; East India Linen and Silk, and French wrought Silk, j^io.per cent, on former Duties;

Other wrought .Silk, £7. percent. Brandy, Single,

8d. per Gallon

Double, as.

Home-made Spirits, 4d.

Twelve Months allowed for Payment of Import Duties, with Discount of io per cent, and Drawback on Exportation.

1 and w11* the advice O.

Duties levied as by

la Car.II. c.4.

which Act is revived by Cap. 1. ante.

m.

Duties on Spirits levied as by

12 Car. II. c.24.

15 Car. II. c. 11.

IV.

Distiller concealing Low Wines, See.

Penalty cs. per Gallon.

V.

Contents of Casks in which Brandies to be imported.

Importing in Casks of less Contents. Brandy or Value forfeited.

VI.

Officer to keep distinct Accounts of Duties, and pay into Exchequer weekly.

Penalty.

VII. Persons lending any Money not exceeding ^£400,000 on Credit of Act to have a Tally of Loan, &c.

Orders for Repayment registered and paid in course.

And for the better Colleding of the Duties hereby Imposed upon all French Linnen Callicoes and other Linnen Imported from the East Indies dureing the Time aforesaid as alsoe the severall Duties hereby Imposed on all Forreigne wrought Silks Imported dureing the Time aforesaid from the East Indies or from France or any other Place whatsoever Bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the said severall Duties shall be raised levyed collected and paid unto your Majestic dureing the Time aforementioned in the same Manner and Forme and by such Rules meanes and wayes and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned and expressed in One Ad of Parlyament made in the Twelfth Yeare of His late Majestie King Charles the Second Entituled A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of Money payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported and the Rules and Orders thereunto annexed which said Act and every Article Rule and Clause therein stand now revived by one Ad of Parlyament made in this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for Setleing the Revenue on His Majestie for His Life which was Setled on his late Majestie for His Life

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the severall Rates and Duties of Excise upon Strong-waters Brandies and other Liquors above mentioned shall be raised levyed collected and paid unto your Majestie your Heires and Successors dureing the Time before mentioned in the same Manner and Forme and by such Rules Meanes and Wayes and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned expressed and directed in one Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Yeare of the Raignc of our late Gracious Soveraigne King Charles the Second of Blessed Memory Entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knights-Service and Purveyance and for setleing a Revennue upon his Majestie in lieu thereof And alsoe in one other Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth Yeare of his said late Majesties Raigne Entituled An Additional! Act for the better Ordering and Colleding the Duty of Excise and preventing the Abuses therein or in either of them

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie of this present Parlyament That to the End His Majestie may not be Defrauded of the Dutyes hereby granted and imposed on Strong-Waters Aqua Vitae or Spiritts That if any Distiller or Maker of any Low Wines Spiritts or Strong-Waters shall at any Time hereafter hide conceale or convey any Low Wines Spirits Aqua Vitae or Strong Waters from the sight or view of the Gager or Gagers appointed to take an Account of the same whereby His Majestie or His Commissioners shall or may be Defrauded of any the Dutyes hereby imposed That every such Distiller or Maker of such Low-Wines Spirits or Strong-Waters for every Gallon of Low-wines Spirits Aqua Vite or Strong-waters soe hid concealed or conveyed as aforesaid shall forfeite the summe of Five shillings to be sued for recovered and levyed in such Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are Recoverable or Levyable by the last mentioned Acts or any of them the one moyety thereof to the use of His Majestie His Heires or Successors and the other moyetie thereof to the Discoverer or to him or them that shall Informe or Sue for the same.

And for preventing the Frauds frequently used in Importing of Brandy in small Quantities whereby the same is more easily conveyed away without Payment of the Duties thereof

Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September next ensueing noe Brandies single or double in this Act mentioned shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas in any Vessell or Caske which shall not containe sixty Gallons at the least upon Paine of forfeiting of the said Brandy or the value thereof 000 tn be imported in small Vessells or Casks as aforesaid whereof one halfe shall be to the King's most Excellent Majestie and the oihci «cK Po«on ae shall and will Informe or sue for the same to be Recovered

of the Importer or Proprietor thereof by Plaint Bill Action of Debt or Information in any of H» Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Wager of Law or Protection shall be Allowed

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every the Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in the Levying Colleding and Receiving the Duties ariseing by this Act doe keepe a separate and distinct Account thereof and pay the same in Specie into the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer Weekely and upon Neglect and Refusall of the same shall incurr the Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs as other the Officers of the Exchequer herein after mentioned shall be liable to which Moneys soe Paid in shall be applyed to the Uses hereafter mentioned in this Act and noe otherwise.

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons who shall Lend any Moneys not exceeding Foure hundred thousand Pounds in the Whole to Your Majestie upon the Credit of this Act and Pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane Strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment beareing the same Date with his Tally in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for Forbearance not exceeding the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centu per Annu for his Consideration to bee paid every Three Months untill the repayment of his principall. And that all Orders for Repayment of Money Lent shall be Registred in course according to the Date of the Tally respectively And that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course according as their Orders shall stand Entred in the Register Booke bee it Orders for [Payment1 ] Directed by His Majestie or of Moneys Lent as aforesaid soe as that the Person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first entered in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and Accounted as the first Person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by vertue of this Act And he and he or they that shall have his or their Warrants or Orders Warrant or Order next Entred shall be taken and Accounted to be the Second Person to be paid And soe successively and in course.

1 Payments O.

1° Jac. II. c

9

b.

And that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyable to the Satisfaction of the said Respedive Parties their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without Preference of one before another and not otherwise and not be divertible to any other use intent or Purpose whatsoever. And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity dircdly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any Your Majestyes Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Books Registers Entryes View or Search in or for Payment of Money Lent or the Interest thereof as aforesaid by any of Your Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputies on paine of Payment of treble Damages to the partie grieved by the party offending with Costs of Suite or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his Place alsoe. And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the Value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Partie grieved and shall be fore-judged from his Place or Office. And if such Preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without Direction or Privitie of His Master then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office. And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Teller make Payment according to each Persons due place and order as afore directed Then he or they shall be judged to forfeite and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid all which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages ftnd Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputyes or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoignc Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby Declared that if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loane or Orders for Payments directed by Your Majestie as aforesaid beare Date or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be Registred then it shall be interpreted noe undue Preference which of those he enters first soe he enters them all the same day

Provided alsoe that it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incurr any Penalty in point of Payment if the Auditor Direct and the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Teller doc pay Subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Order in their Course soe as there be soe much Money reserved as will satisfie their Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest for Loane being to Cease from the time the Money is soc Reserved and kept in Banke for them.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Person or Persons to whome any Money shall be due by vertue of this Act after Warrant or Order Entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement of his Order or Warrant may Assigne and Transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Warrant or Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry and Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Warrants (which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall Entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon and such Assignee may in like manner Assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such person or persons who have made such Assignments to make Void Release or Discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

And whereas by a Clause in an Act made in this present Parliament Intituled An Act for Granting to His Majestie an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar Imported betweene the Foure and Twentyeth Day of June One thousand six hundred eighty and five and the Foure and twentyeth Day of June One thousand six hundred

ninety and three It was among other things Enacted That every Merchant or Importer that is not a Retailer

Consumptioner or Shop-keeper dealing in the said Commodities (after Entry of his or their Goods by Bill under his or their Hands or the Hand of such Person for whome he or they shall engage to be answerable presently before he or they be admitted or permitted to have any Warrant to receive his or their Goods out of the Shipp or from the Water-side) shall become bound unto His Majestie with one or more sufficient Sureties or procure two other

Persons to become bound to His Majestie in such Summes of Money as shall amount to the value of the Duties by

the said Act Imposed upon his or their Goods with Condition for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned Bee it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That such Person and Persons aforementioned shall become bound unto His Majestie for the Purposes aforesaid in such Summes of Money as shall amount to double the value of the said Duties Imposed on the said Goods by the said Act Any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Monies liable in Order without Preference.

No Fee for Search.

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer.

Penalty.

By Deputy.

Penalty.

Auditor* Scc. not directing or making Payments according to the aforesaid Order. Penalty.

VIII. Entering Tallies of same Date not undue Preference.

Paying subsequent Orders brought in course not undue Preference.

IX.

Person to whom Money due may assign his Interest in Warrant, &c.

Entry thereof without Fee.

Payment to Assignee good.

X.

Reciting cap. 4. ante.

§ 2-

Security to be in Double Value of Duties.

n

i

1° Jac. II. c.G—8.

A. DA 68 5.

Rot. Parl. nu. 6.

29 & 30 Car. 11. c. 1.

II.

Clause of Prohibition and Penalties thereon in the said Act repealed.

Rot. Parl. nu. 7.

18 Car. II. c. 5. Continued by 25 Car. II. c. 8.

Revived and continued for Seven Years, &c.

Rot. Parl. nu. 8.

II.

None shall import Gunpowder, &c. without Licence.

Upon Forfeiture Goods imported, and Treble the Value thereof.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for repealing certaine Clauses in an Act of Parlyament made in the Nine and twentyeth and Thirtyeth yeares of the Raigne of His late Majestie for Prohibiting French Comodities.

WHEREAS by a certaine Ad made in the Twenty ninth and Thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of his late Majestie of ever Blessed memory Entituled An Act for the Raiseing Money by a Poll and otherwise to Enable His Majestie to enter into an aduall Warr against the French King and for Prohibiting French Commodities it is amongst other things Provided and Enacted That from and after the Twentyeth of March One thousand six hundred seaventy seven noe French Wine Vineger Brandy Linnen Cloth Silks Salt Paper or any Manufactures made of or mixed with Silke Thread Woole Haire Gold or Silver or Leather being of the Growth Product and Manufacture of any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King should dureing the Terme of Three years to be accounted from the Twentyeth Day of March or before the end of the first Session of Parliament after the expiration of the said three yeares be brought in or imported into any Port or Place within His Majesties Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweedc or Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sarke or Isle of Man from any Place or Port whatsoever mixt or unmixt with any Commodity of the Growth or Product of any other Nation Place or County whatsoever under certaine Paines Penalties and Forfeitures to be adjudged, recovered and executed as by the said Act appeareth.

Now for the Repealing the said Clause of Prohibition and all the Paines Penalties and Forfeitures thereupon depending Bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That from henceforward the said Clause of Prohibition and every Part thereof and every Matter and Thing therein contained and all other Clauses in the said Act mentioned whereby any Paines Penalties or Forfeitures are imposed for or by reason of the Importation or bringing in of any French Commodities contrary to the said Prohibition are and every of them is hereby Repealed annulled and made void as if the same had never beene made.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for Reviveing and continuing Two former Acts for Encouragement of Coynage.

‘T'WHEREAS great Benefitt and Advantage hath accrued to this Kingdome by One Act of Parlyament passed in W the Eighteenth Yeare of the Raigne of His late Majestie King Charles the Second of Blessed Memory Entituled An Act for Encouragement of Coynage and continued by another Act of Parlyament passed in the Five and twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of the said late King both which said Acts are since determined and expired soe that unlesse the said Acts be Revived and Continued the Encouragement given thereby will cease and this Kingdome be deprived for the future of soe great a good as it hath thereby for these yeares last enjoyed.

Wee therefore Your Majestyes Dutifull and Loyall Subjects do Give and Grant unto Your Majestie the Rates Duties and imposiuoi\o mentioned in the said Act of Parlyament made in the Eighteenth yeare of the Raigne of His late Majestie King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for Encouragement of Coynage And doe humbly pray that it may bee Enacted and bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the said Acts of Parlyament and every the Clauses Articles and Sentences therein contained shall be and are by vertue of this Act Revived and Continued and shall be in Force for the space of Seven yeares to Commence from the First Day of August One thousand six hundred eighty five, and untill the end of the first Session of Parlyament then next following and noe longer.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act against the Importation of Gun-powder Arms and other Ammunition and Utensils of Warr.

WHEREAS to the great Prejudice of this Kingdome and the Discouragement and Impoverishment of the Gun-smiths and others Artificers great quantities of Arms and Ammunition have of late yeares beene Imported to the endangering the Peace and Quiet of this Kingdome.

For Remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That it shall not at any Time from and after the Tenth day of July One thousand six hundred eighty and five be law ful 1 to or for any person or persons whatsoever without Licence from His Majestie His Heires and Successors to Import or bring into this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede by w^ay of Merchandize any Gunpowder Arms Ammunition or Utensills of Warr upon Paine and Forfeiture of all and every such Goods soe Imported as aforesaid to His Majestie His Heires and Successors and the person or persons who shall soe Import or bring in the same or in whose Custodie any such Gunpow'der Arms Ammunition or Utensills of Warr shall be found being thereof lawfully Convicted shall forfeite Treble the

/1.DA685.

]° Jac. TT. c. 8, 9.

11

Value of the Goods soe Imported One moyetv thereof unto His Majestie His Heires and Successors and the other Application of moyety thereof to such person or persons who will Sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information 1 c ty* in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Provided ahvayes That if any person or persons whatsoever Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate shall by colour cf this Act or otherwise obtaine from His Majesde His Heires or Successors any Letters Patents Licence or Grant for the sole Makeing or Importing any Gunpowder Arms, Ammunition, or other Utensills of War and shall putt the same in execution or by colour thereof molest or hinder any person or persons who lawfully make any the

things before mentioned in this Kingdome or shall obtaine any Letters Patents Licence or Grant for the Importing

of Gun-powder Arms Ammunition or other Utensills of Warr by way of Merchandize to make Profit thereof other then for the immediate furnishing of the Publique Stores of his Majestic his Heires and Successors That then the person and persons soe offending shall incurr and sustaine the Paines Penalties and Forfeitures contained and provided in the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the Sixteenth yeare of the Raigne of King Richard the Second and be disabled to hold any Office or Imployment under his Majestie his Heires and Successors and all

and. every such Letters licence Patent and Grant and every of them for the sole makeing and Importing the

said Commodities shall be void to all Intents and Purposes a» If the same had never beene had or made Any Clause of Non obstante or other Provision or Covenant to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

. .HI.

Obtaining Grant or Licence for Bole making or importing Gunpowder, fcc.

Premunire, Disability of Office, and Grant, &c. void.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act to Enable His Majestie to make Grants Leases and Copies of Offices Lands and Hereditaments parcell of His Rot. Parl. nu. 9. Highnesses Dutchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

WHEREAS many of the Lands belonging to the Dutchy of Cornwall have beene granted by Lease to the Reciting that Tenants, some for the Terme of one two or three Lives and some for diverse yeares determinable upon one Tenants^derire two or three Lives and others for Thirty one yeares or under which Leases are desired to be renewed by many of the Leases; said Tenants And whereas severall yeares next following after the happy Restauration of our late Soveraigne Lord King Charles the Second of ever Blessed Memory diverse increased Rents were reserved as well upon the said Leased Lands as upon many Copyhold Estates of the said Dutchy for the improvement of that Revenue w hereof the Tenants and that Tenants made complaint to his said late Majestie who was graciously pleased that they might Compound with his Officers for fb^Dbch^xge'of the Discharge of the said increased Rents and be restored to the old Rents formerly paid for their respective increased Rents. Tenements and Lands Now to the end the same may be accordingly effected and the said Tenants may be encouraged to Renew their Leases and Estates and thereby the better enabled to Repaire their Houses and provide for their Families and to improve their Lands holden of the said Dutchy

Bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestic by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of same That all Grants made in the time of his said late Majestie or to be made by Copy of Court-Roll according to the Custome of the respective Mannour or Mannours of the said Dutchy or thereunto annexed or belonging and all Leases and Grants soe made by his said late Majestie or made or to be made within Seven yeares next ensueing by Letters Patents or Indentures under the Great Seale of England or Seale of the Court of Exchequer or by Copy of Court Roll according to the Customs of the respective Mannours of any Offices Messuages Parks Lands Tenements or Hereditaments (other then Honours Lordshipps, or Mannours) parcell of the Possessions of the said Dutchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same shall be good and effectuall in Law according to the Purport and Contents of the same Copies Leases and Grants against our said Soveraigne Lord the King his Heires and Successors and against all and every other person and persons that shall at any time hereafter have inherit or enjoy the said Dutchy by force of any Act of Parlyament or by any other Limitation whatsoever.

II.

Grants of the Dutchy Lands made by the late King, or within Seven Years next ensuing, good in Law.

Provided alwaves That every such Lease or Grant soe made or to be made be not made for more then One Two Qrant t*^ for nQ or Three Lives or for Thirty one yeares or under or for some Terme of yeares determinable upon One Two or Three more than Three Lives and not above And if such Leases or Grants be made in Reversion or Expectancy That then the same together Years on the y*°n* with the Estates in possession doe not exceede Three Lives or the Terme of Thirty one yeares and not in any wise anti™y>r most dispunishable of waste and soe as upon every such Lease shall be reserved the auntient or most usuall Rent or more or such Rent as hath beene reserved yielded or paid for the same Lands for the greater part of Twenty yeares next before the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixtie and shall be reserved due or payable to him or her that shall have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Dutchy And where noe such Rent hath beene reserved or payable J' here jj® ancieQt That then upon every such Lease there shall be reserved a reasonable Rent not being under the Twentieth part of the reasonable Rent, deare yearely value of the Messuages Parks Lands Tenements or Hereditaments contained in such Lease and all Leases and Grants otherwise made or to be made shall be null and void

And bee it further Ordained and Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Covenants Conditions Reservations and other Agreements contained in every Lease Grant or Copy of Court Roll made or to be made as aforesaid shall be good and effectuall in Law according to the Words and Contents of the same as well for and against them to whome the Reversion of the same Lands Tenements or Hereditaments shall come as for and against them to whome the Interest

IV.

Covenants, &c. shall hind those in the Reversion.

12

1°Jac. II. c. 9, 10.

A.D 1685.

General Saving, except for the King and Duke of Cornwall.

V.

Tenants may-compound with Treasury for taking off increased Rents within the next Seven Years,

of the said Leases Grants or Copies shall come respectively as if Our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie at the time of the makeing of such Covenants Conditions and Reservations and other Agreements were seized of an absolute Estate in Fee-simple in the same Lands Tenements or Hereditaments Saveing alwayes to all and every Person and Persons Bodies Pollitique and Corporate theire Heires and Successors Executors Admininistrators and Assigned other then to Our said Soveraigne Lord the King and his Heires and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being and his and their Heires and all and every person and persons that shall hereafter have Inherit or Enjoy the said Dukedome of Cornwall by force of any Act of Parlyament or other Limitation whatsoever all such Rights Titles Estates Customs Interests Tenures Claimes and Demands whatsoever of what nature kinde or quality soever of in to or out of the said Offices Lands Tenements or Hereditaments or any of them as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the makeing of this Act to all intents and purposes and in as large and ample manner and forme as if this Act had never beene had or made This Act or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That in case any of the Lease-hold or Copyhold Tenants of the said Dutchy shall at any time within Seven yeares next ensueing Compound or Agree with the Lord High Treasurer of England or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or with any such Person or Persons as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall Authorize Nominate and Appoint for the takeing off and Dischargeing of any increased Rent reserved as aforesaid according to such Rules and Directions as in that behalfe shall be given in Writeing under the Hands of the said Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being Then upon such Composition soe made and the Money thereby ariseing duely paid to the Receiver-General 1 of the said Dutchy according to the Tenor and Contents of such Composition and Agreement and accordingly Inrolled before the Auditor of the Premisses from thenceforth such Increased Rents shall cease and become void and the Old Rent onely or such other Rent as in pursuance of this Act shall be Directed in or by such Composition or Agreement shall be Charged upon all and every such Tenements Lands and other Hereditaments for which such Composition Agreement Payment and Inrollment shall be soe made and none other Any Reservation Condition or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

Rot. Parl. no. 10.

is Car. II. c. 24.

§ *3*

Reciting that said Act may prove prejudicial to the King in His Royal Progress.

H.

Clerk of the King's Carriages to give Three Days Notice in Writing to Justice of Peace to provide Carts and Carriages.

Recompcncc.

Persons refusing to provide same.

Conviction by Oath.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the Providing necessary Carriages for His Majestie in His Royall Progresse and Removal Is.

WHEREAS by an Act made in Parliament the Twelfth yeare of His [late'] Majesties Raigne Entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knights-Service and Purveyance and for Setleing a Revenue upon His Majestie in lieu thereof It was (amongst other things) Enacted for the Reasons and Recompence therein expressed That from thenceforth noe Person or Persons by any Warrant Commission or Authoritie under the Great Seale or otherwise by colour of Buying or makeing Provision or Purveyance for His Majestie or any Queene of England for the time being or of any of the Children of any King or Queene of England that shall be or for his their or any of their Houshold shall take any Cart Carriage or other thing whatsoever of any of the Subjects of His Majestie His Heires or Successors without the free and full consent of the Owner or Owners thereof had and obtained without menace or enforcement nor shall summon warne take use or require any the said Subjects to furnish or fmde any Huiacs or other Cattell Carts Ploughs Wains or other Carriages for the use of His Majestie His

Heires or Successors or of any Queene of England or of any Childe or Children of any of the Kings or Queens of England for the time being for the carrying the Goods of His Majestie His Heires or Successors or the said Queens or Children of any of them without such full and free consent as aforesaid Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Which Act may prove very prejudicial! and inconvenient to the Kings Majestie in His Royall Progresse upon His necessary Occasions to severall Parts of this Realme in case any person or persons shall obstinately refuse voluntarily to provide sufficient Carriages for Royall Service at ordinary and usuall Rates for such Carriages as are paid by others of His Subjects in such places contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said Act.

Bee it therefore Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authorite of the same That the Clerke or Chiefe Officer of His Majestyes Carryages shall three dayes at least before His Majestyes Arrivall by Warrant from the Greene Cloth give notice in writeing to two or more of His Majestyes Justices of the Peace next adjoyning to provide such a number of Carts and Carriages from the places next adjacent as His Majestie shall have present use of expressing the certainty of that number as alsoe the time and place when and where the said Carts and Carriages are to attend which Carriages shall consist of foure able Horses or six Oxen or foure Oxen and two Horses for each of which Cart [or*] Carriage the respective Owners shall receive Six pence for each mile they shall goe laden And That in case any of His Majestyes Subjects of this Realme shall refuse to provide and furnish His Majestie that now is or his Queene that is or shall be or his or her Household or her Majestie Catherine Queene Dowager or her Household in their Progresse or Removalls with such sufficient and necessary Carriages for their Wardrobe and other Necessaries for ready Moneys tendered to them or shall without just and reasonable cause refuse to make their Appearance with such sufficient Carts and Carriages as are before exprest That then upon due Proofe and Conviction of such neglect and refusall by the Oath of the Constable or other Officer or two other Credible Witnesses before the said Justices of the Peace of the County' or Maior or other Chiefe Officer of the Citty or Corporation where he or they inhabite (which Oath they shall have power to

1 O. omits.

• or or 0.

A.D. 1685.

1°Jac. II. c. 10, 11.

13

administer) the Partie soe refuseing shall for such his refusall and neglect forfeite the summe of Forty shillings to the Kings Majestyes use to be forthwith levyed by Distressse and Sale of his Goods and Chattells (rendring to the Partyes the overplus upon every such sale if there shall be any) by Warrant from the said Justices of the Peace Maior or other Officer.

Provided alwayes That noe Horses Oxen Cart or Waine shall be enforced to travell above one dayes Journey from the place where they receive their Ladeing and that ready payment shall be made in hand for the said Carriages at the place of Ladeing without delay according to the aforesaid Rates And in case any Justice of the Peace Maior Cheife Officer or Constable shall take any Gift or Reward to spare any person or persons from makeing such Carriage or shall injuriously charge or grieve any person through envy hatred or evill-will who ought not to make such Carriage or shall impresse more Carriages then he shall be directed from the Greene-Cloth to doe That then upon due proofe and Conviction thereof the Partie soe offending shall forfeite the Summe of Ten pounds to the partie thereby grieved or any other who shall sue for the same to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majestyes Courts of Records wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall bee allowed And in case any person or persons shall presume to take upon him or them to impresse any Horses Oxen Cart Waine or Carriages for his Majestyes Service other then the person soe impowered then he or they soe offending shall upon due Conviction of the said Offence incurr and suffer the Punishment contained in the first recited Act

And whereas of late in His Majestyes Progresses excessive Rates and Prices have beene exacted from His Majestyes Servants for Lodging Horse-meate Stable-roome and other Accommodations Bee it therefore enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That none of his Majestyes said Servants shall be compelled to pay above Six pence by the night for every Bed they themselves nor above Three pence by the night for every Bed that they shall use for their Servants And that in all such Houses where any of his Majestyes said Servants shall pay for their Dyet or for Hay and Provinder for their Horses convenient Lodgeing shall be provided for themselves and their Servants without paying any thing for the same.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace neare adjoyning to the Roade through which his Majestie is to passe shall immediately after Notice in writeing from the said Greene-Cloth and Avenor under their Hands and Seales Sett downe and appoint such reasonable Rates and Prices to be paid dureing his Majestyes abode there both for Hay and Oates and other Accommodations for Horses as they in their discretion shall thinke meete which Rates one day at the least before his Majestyes comeing to such place the said Justices shall cause to be Proclaimed in the Market Towne next to such place and in such of the Neighbouring Townes and Villages as to them shall seeme meete to the end that Notice may be taken of such Rates and Prices And if any person shall take any other summe then what is or shall be soe limitted either for Lodgeing Horse-meate Stable-roome or other such Accommodations and be thereof convicted by Confession of the partie or by the Oath of one credible witnessse before any one Justice of the Peace (which Oath the said Justice of the Peace is hereby Authorized to administer) that then in such Case every person soe offending shall forfeite and pay to the partie grieved the summe of Forty shillings the same to be levied by Distresse by Warrant from the said Justice of the Peace and sale thereof returning the Overplus to the partie (the Charge of the Distraining being first deducted) This Act to have continuance till the end of the first Session of the next Parliament and noe longer

Provided alwayes That where any Cart or number of Carts shall be soe Summoned to Attend at the place directed for takeing in their Loading or Carriage and shall not imployod in ©very such case or cases the said Cart-taker or Officer shall pay to the Owner or Servant of every such Cart with Foure Horses or more which shall soe appeare and not be imployed the Summe of Five shillings for every Cart soe imployed And in case any Officer or Cart-taker shall neglect or refuse to pay the same upon proofe thereof made to the Board of Greene-Cloth he shall forfeite the summe of Forty shillings to the partie aggrieved for every such neglect.

And bee it further Enacted That the High Constables or Constables the Maior Bayliffe or other chiefe Officer who shall be required by this Act to wame in the said Carts and Carriages as in the said Act directed doe make a return in Writeing to the Clerke or other Officer of the Carriages of the names and places of Abode of every such person who is soe warned to bring in his Cart or Carriage to the intent it may be knowne (in case of any failure) who is in default and the said Constables and other chiefe Officer or Officers appointed by this Act to wame in the said Carriages as abovesaid may be discharged and indempnified and the Defaulters punished as in this Act is Provided.

CHAPTER XL

An Act for Reviveing an Act for Providing of Carriages by Land and by Water for the Use of His Majestyes Navy

and Ordnance.

WHEREAS an Act of Parlyament was made and passed in the Thirteenth and Foureteenth yeares of the Raigne His late Majestie of Blessed Memory Entituled An Act for Providing Carriages by Land and by Water for the Use of His Majestyes Navy and Ordnance, Which said Act. is since expired.

And whereas the said Act hath beene by Experience found to be of necessary Use and fitt to be Revived and Continued Bee it therefore Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by the Authoritie

Vox. VI.

Penalty 40s.

III.

Length of Journey. Ready Payment.

Justice of Peace, &c. acting unduly.

Penalty ^io.

Persons not empowered impressing Horses, &c. Punishment.

IV.

Rate of Lodging for His Majesty's Sen-ants.

In what Case no Payment.

V.

Justices of Peace to appoint Rates of Hay and Oats, See.

Proclaimed.

Taking other Rates.

Penalty 40s. Continuance of A A.

VI.

Carts with Four Horses, &c. summoned and not employed to be paid 5s.

Officer not paying. Penalty 40s.

VII.

High Constables, &c. to make a Return of Names, See. of Persons warned to bring in Carts, &c.

Rot. Parl. nu. if.

13 & 14 Car. II.

c. 20.

II.

Revived and continued during this Act.

1°Jac. II. c. 11—13.

A.D. 1685.

hi.

Act to continue for 7 Years, kc. from 24 June 1685.

of the same That the said Act and all and every the Clauses Sentences and Articles therein contained shall by vertue of this Act be Revived and Continued and have the full Force Power and Vertue of a Law dureing the Continuance of this Act.

And bee it further Enacted and declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That this Act shall continue and be in Force dureing the Space of Seven yeares from the Foure and twentyeth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and five and from thence to the end of the First Session of Parliament then next ensueing and noe longer.

Ret. Pari. nu. 12.

1 5 Car.11. c.14. $4.

II.

Reciting that in pursuance of an Agreement between King Charles II. and James Duke of York ; and of 22 k 23 Car. II. c. 6.

Letters Patent 18 Jan. 32 Car. II. were granted to the Duke of York for ' the yearly Sum of .^24,000.

III. Reciting that by Demise of the late King the Inheritance of the Post Office Revenues, and the said .,£24,000. per Ann. vested in King James II.

Doubts removed as to due Execution of Power given to the King to settle a Jointure on the Queen.

The King to stand seized of the said Revenues, and s£'24,oooo. per Ann.

IV.

The said Jointure confirmed.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for Consolidating the Estates Tail and Reversion in Fee which His Majestie hath in the Post-Office and Twenty

foure thousand pounds per Annum of the Hereditary Excise.

WHEREAS by one Act of Parlyament made in the Fifteenth yeare of the Raignc of his late Majestie King Charles the Second of ever blessed Memory all the yearely Rents Summe or Summes of Money Revenues Issues and Profitts whatsoever that should grow due accrue or be payable unto his late Majestie his Heires and Successors for or by reason of the Generali Letter-Office or Post-Office or Office of Post-Master-Generall were Vested and Setled in his Majestie that now is by the Name of James Duke of Yorke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten with such Powers as in and by the said Act are provided for.

And whereas alsoe in pursuance of an Agreement made by his Majestie then Duke of Yorke with his late Majestie his Dearely beloved Brother for accepting of the Yearely Rent or Summe of Twenty foure thousand pounds to be Issueing out of the Hereditary Excise of Beare Ale and other Liquors in Compensation and full Satisfaction of the Revenue ariseing by Wine-Licences and of one Act of Parlyament Entituled An Act for Revesting the Power of Granting Wine-Licences in his Majestie his Heires and Successors and for Setleing a Recompence on his Royall Highnesse in lieu thereof made in the Two and twentyeth and Three and twentyeth yeares of the Raigne of his late Majestie for Confirming and Ratifying of all such Letters Patents as should be Granted of and for the said Summe of Twenty foure thousand Pounds his said late Majestie by his Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England beareing Date the Eighteenth day of January in the mo and thirtyeth yeare of his Raigne did give and Grant unto his Majestie by the Name of James Duke of Yorke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten and to be begotten the Yearely Rent or Summe of Twenty foure thousand pounds to be Issueing out of the Excise of Beare Ale and other Liquors within the severall Counties and Shires of Bucks, Essex, Kent, Norfolke SulFolke Berks Bedfordshire and Somersetshire with such Powers as in the said Letters Patents are Granted.

And whereas by the Demise of his late Majestie the Reversion Fee-simple and Inheritance as well of the said Revenues Issues and Profitts of the General 1-Letter-Office or Post-Office as of the said Rent or Summe of Twenty foure thousand pounds issueing out of the Excise of Beere Ale and other Liquors are come and vested to and in the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors in right of the Crowne of England And his Majestie being Graciously pleased to obviate all Doubts and Scruples which may at any time hereafter bee moved or stirred for or concerning the due Execution of any t'owero glvon m his Majestie by the name of James Duke of Yorke in and by the said Acts of Parlyament and Letters Patents for setleing a Joynture upon his Royall Consort or in Relation to any further Provision which his Majestie shall please to make out of the said Revenues for the better and more honourable Support of the Royall State and Dignity of his Dearest Consort Maria now Queene of England Bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors shall from henceforth be and stand Seized of and in all and singular the Revenues Issues and Profitts of the said Generali Letter-Office dr Post-Office and of and in the said Yearely Rent or Summe of Twenty foure thousand pounds Issueing out of the Hereditary Excise of one Intire and Indefeasable Estate in Fee-simple The said Acts of Parlyament and Letters Patents for Creating of Estates Taile in His Majestie notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not avoid the Joynture heretofore Setled by his Majestie upon his said Royall Consort the Queens Majestie but the same is hereby Confirmed and Ratified.

CHAPTER XIII.

Rot. Parl. nu. 13. An Act for Reviveing a former Act for Exporting of Leather.

WHEREAS it hath beene found by Experience that one Act passed in the Twentyeth yeare of His late expir a Majesties Raigne King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for giveing Liberty to Buy and Export Leather

and Skinns Tanned and Dressed hath beene very beneficiall to this Kingdome and is expired

Wee therefore Your Majesties most Loyall and Obedient Subjects the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament Assembled doe humbly pray that it may be Enacted

k

A. Z).1685.

1°Jac. II. c. 13—15.

15

And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Coasent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoriue of the same That the said Act and every part thereof shall be and are hereby revived and continued in full force and vertue to all intents and purposes from the Twenty fourth day of June in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and five and shall soe continue for the space of three yeares and from thence to the end of the first Session of Parliament then next ensueing and noe longer.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for Continuance of Three former Acts for Preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northerne Borders

of England.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth yeares of the Raigne of Our late Soveraigne Lord King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for parenting of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England And whereas alsoo another Act was made in the Eighteenth Yeare of the Raigne of the said King Intituled An Act to continue a former Act to Prevent Theft and Rapine upon the Northerne Borders of

England Both which Acts were Continued by another Act made in the Twenty ninth and Thirtyeth yeares of the

Raigne of the said late King Intituled An Act for Continuance of Two former Acts for Preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northerne Borders of England for and dureing the space and time of Seven yeares and alsoe from thence until the end of the first Session of this present Parlyament which Laws have beene found very necessary for the

preservation of those places from that great number of lewd disorderly and lawlessse persons that usually infested and

frequented in those pans

Bee it therefore Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament a»embled and by Authoritie of the same That the said Three former Acts and all and every of them and every Matter Clause and Clauses therein contained and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby given shall be continue and remaine in full Force from henceforth for and dureing the space and Terme of Eleven yeares And alsoe from thence unto the end of the first Sessions of the next Parlyament.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act for Rebuilding Finishing and Adorning of the Cathedrall Church of St. Pauls London.

WHEREAS by a late Act of Parlyament a small part of the Imposition upon Coals imported in or neare the City of London was given towards the Rebuilding the Cathedrall Church of Saint Pauls wholly ruined by the dreadfull Fire of London which (and all other Supplyes) carefully expended have made some considerable advance in the said Worke but soe fiirr short of finishing a Fabricke of soe large Dimensions That without further encouragement by a Supply from the Publick the said Worke in a litle time must be left imperfect and usolessse and consequently all the said former Expence totally lost to the dishonour of our F.ctnblista Religion and to the reproach of the said City And whereas by the said late Act the Lord Arch-Bishop of Canterbury the Lord Bishop of London and the Lord Maior of London for the time being or any two of them were impowered to imploy and dispose part of the said Imposition upon Coals towards the Building the Cathedrall of St. Pauls Therefore for Enableing the said Lord Arch-Bishop and Lord Bishop of London and the Lord Maior of London for the time being or any Two of them to finish soe great and Pious a Worke Bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That for all sorts of Coals which from and after the Twenty ninth day of September One thousand six hundred eighty seven and before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred shall be imported or brought into the Port of the said City of London or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River there shall be paid by way of Imposition thereupon over and besides all other Impositions and Duties according to the Rates hereafter mentioned that is to say for all such sorts of Coals or Culm as are usually sold by the Chaldron for every Chaldron thereof containing thirty six Bushells Winchester measure the suinine of Eighteene pence and for such sorts of Coals as are sold by the Tun for every Tun thereof containing twenty hundred weight the like summe of Eighteene pence which said Imposition of Eighteene pence for every Chaldron or Tun of Coals shall from time to time dureing the terme aforesaid be answered and paid unto the said Lord Arch-Bishop of Canterbury Lord Bishop of London and Lord Maior of London for the time being or any Two of them or to their Deputy or Deputyes Officer or Assignes thereunto appointed and constituted under their Hands and Seales or the Hands and Seales of Two of them by every Master Owner or Owners or other Person or Persons takeing charge of any Shipp or Vessell whereupon such Coals shall be Laden before they shall breake bulke or deliver out any Coals or have a Meeter assigned for the measureing or weighing of any Coals aforesaid to be delivered from on board any such Shipp or Vessell the said Imposition to be paid at such place or places as by the said Lord Arch-Bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior or any two of them shall from time to time be appointed for the Receipt thereof whereupon the Party appointed to recieve the same shall without delay Fee or Reward deliver a Receipt to the Person or Persons who shall pay the said Imposition or Duty which Receipt shall for soe much be a sufficient Discharge.

Revived for 3 years &c. from 24 June 1685.

Rot. Pari, nu. 14.

13 and 14 Car. II. c. 22.

18 Car. II. c. 3.

29 and 30 Car. II.

c. 2.

II.

Further continued for 11 years, &c.

Rot. Parl. nu. 15.

19 Car. II. c. 3.

$36.

22 Car. II. c. 11. § 3s—4*-

Eighteen Pence per Chalder or Ton laid upon Coals brought into the Port of London, &c.

To be paid to Archbishop of Canterbury, See. before Bulk broken or Meter assigned.

Receipt to be given on Payment of Duty without Fee.

1°Jac. II. c. 15

A.D. 1685.

ii.

Coal-Meters for London to give to Officers of Archbishop, &c, a Certificate in Writing of the Sorts and Quantities of Coals delivered.

Default, Suspension for a Year,

and Pcualtyofo£io.

If more Coals appear than Duty paid for,

further Duty of 5s. per Tun.

Refusal ofPayment. Ship, &c. attached by Warrant till Payment.

III.

If Payment of Duty for Surplusage of Coals within 24 Hours, Penalty-discharged.

IV.

Archbishop, Sec. may appoint Inspectors of Meters, Sec.

V.

Money applied in rebuilding St. Paul's Cathedral.

VI.

Books of Receipts and Disbursements provided and kept.

Free Access to such Books without Fee.

Archbishop, See. to transmit Abstract of Books into the Exchequer yearly.

Free Access thereto without Fee.

VII.

Money raised by Act to be applied as the Archbishop, &c. by Warrant under their Hands and Seals shall direct.

VIII.

Archbishop, See. may make Allowances to Officers.

And to the end that the said Imposition may be duely answered and paid without Fraude or Covin and for the better Levying and Collecting thereof and for discovery of the just quantities of all sorts of Coals to be Imported as aforesaid Bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Coale-Meeters for the City of London appointed or to be appointed and every of them and their respective Deputyes in their turne and course of Attendance respectively soe soone as any Shipp or Vessell fraught with Coals shall be unladen shall forthwith deliver a true Certificate in Writeing unto the Deputy or Deputyes Officers or Assignes of the said Lord Arch-Bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior for the ume being or any two of them (who shall be appointed to receive the said Imposidon) of the sorts quantities or number of Chaldrons or Tunns of Coals respectively which shall be measured or weighed and delivered from on board any Shipp or Vessell on paine for his or their default therein to be suspended from the Execudon and Benefitt of his or their Office or Imployment for one whole yeare from thence next following and to forfeite the Summe of Ten pounds And in case it shall appeare by such Cerdficate or otherwise that there was on board any such Shipp or Vessell a greater number of Chaldrons or Tuns of Coals then for which the said Imposidon shall have beene answered and paid as aforesaid That then in such case there shall be paid to the said Lord Arch-bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior for the dine being or any two of them for every Chaldron or Tun of Coals soe concealed over and above the Imposidon aforesaid the further Imposidon or Summe of Five shillings for all which Impositions (in case of refusall to pay the same) such Shipp or Vessell or any the Tackle Furniture or Apparell thereof may be attached and detained by Warrant

from the said Lord Arch-Bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior for the time being or any two of them untill

payment thereof.

Provided neverthelessse That if the Importer upon such Cerdficate delivered in by the Coale-Meeter shall within

foure and twenty houres give in his Post-Entry and satisfie and pay the whole Duty for the Surplusage of Coales

appearing upon the unlading of such Shipp or Vessell that then upon such payment the Penalty aforesaid shall be discharged

Bee it further enacted That it shall be Lawfull for the said [Lord1] Arch-Bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior for the rime being or any two of them by Warrant under their Hands to appoint an Officer or Officers to goe on board all Shipps and Vessells laden with Coals and to inspect the Coale-Meeters and their Deputyes in their Worke Store and full cleareing and livering every such Shipp and Vessell and to Cerrifie as directed by the said Warrant

And bee it further enacted That all and every such Summe and Summes of Money which shall be raised upon the Receipt of the said Imposition of Eighteene pence for every Chaldron or Tunn of Coals or by such Additionall Imposition or Duty in case of Concealment as aforesaid shall in the first place be applyed and disposed unto the Rebuilding Finishing and Adorning the said Cathedrall of St. Pauls.

And to the end the Moneys to be raised upon the Imposition aforesaid may be duely applied to the Uses for which the same is by this Act appointed Bee it further enacted That there shall from time to time be provided and kept by the said Lord Arch-bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior or two of them or by their Deputy or Deputyes Officer or Assignes appointed as aforesaid one or more Booke or Bookes of Vellom or Parchment in which all Moneyes thereupon to be received shall from time to time be Entred and sett downe and alsoe other like Booke or Bookes wherein the Accompts of all Payments and disbursements out of the same shall be likewise Entred expressing the time when, the occasion for which and the Name of the Person or Persons to whome the same were soe paid or disbursed and that it shall anH may be Lawfull to and for all and every person or persons that shall or may be in any wise concerned soe to doe to have free accesse unto and view the said respective Books of Receipts and Disbursments at all times when the Office is open without any Fee or Reward to be taken or demanded for view or Inspection thereof. And that the Lord Arch-Bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior for the time being or any two of them before the end of Michaelmas Terme in every yeare after the yeare One thousand six hundred eighty-seven shall transmitt and deliver into the Receipt of Exchequer a true Abstract of the aforesaid Books of Accompts containing the Receipts and Disbursments of all Moneys which shall be raised and paid by or out of the said Imposition upon Coals in the yeare preceeding and ending upon the Foure and twentyeth day of June next before there to be received gratis by the proper Officer and kept amongst the Records of the said Court where it [shall*] be Lawfull for any Person or Persons who shall be in anywise concerned soe to doe to have accesse thereunto and to view and peruse the said Bookes of Accompts without any Fee or Reward to be taken or received for the same.

And bee it further enabled That all and every Summe and Summes of Money which shall be raised or paid by vertue of this Act shall bee imployed and disposed for and towards the Rebuilding Finishing and Adorning the said Cathedrall Church of St Pauls according to such Order and Direction as by the said Lord Arch-Bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior for the time being or any two of them shall be given in that behalfe And the same shall from time to time be issued out and paid accordingly unto such Person and Persons as they or any two of them shall by Warrant under their Hands and Seales for that Purpose DireCl and Appoint which Warrant and such Person or Persons Acquittance shall be a sufficient Discharge in Law to him or them who shall thereupon pay any such Summe or Summes of Money

And bee it further enabled That for all Moneys paid and disburst by vertue of this Act it shall and may be Lawfull for the said Lord Arch-Bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior for the time being or any two of them under their Hands and Seales to dispose of any Summe or part of the said Moneys not exceeding in the whole Foure pence in the Pound unto such Person or Persons who shall be appointed from time to time to be Treasurer or Treasurers Paymasters Book-keepers Collectors or Accomptants for the said Money in lieu of the trouble hazard and incident Charges attending the Receipt and Payment thereof

• O. omits.

3 shall also O.

1° Jac. II. c. 15, 16.

IT

And forasmuch as the Moneys to be raised by the Impositions aforesaid will not in a long time raise such a Stocke or Summe of Money as may be sufficient for the effecting the ends and purposes of this A S It is hereby further enacted That the said Lord Arch-Bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior for the time being or any two of them shall be and are hereby impowered by Indenture under their Hands and Seales to ingage the Proffit ariseing out of the respective Impositions by this AS or any part or parts thereof as a Security for any Summe or Summes of Money by them to be borrowed for the ends and purposes of this AS to any Person or Persons that shall or will advance any Summe or Summes of Money upon such Security All which Money soe to be borrowed shall be imployed for or towards the Rebuilding Finishing and Adorning the said Cathedrall Church according to the true intent of this ACT

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That if any Action or Suite shall be brought or proceeded against any Person or Persons for any matter or thing done committed or executed by vertue of this AS or of any Clause or Article herein That then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants may pleade the Generali Issue (Not Guilty) and give this AS and the speciall Matter in Evidence at any Tryall thereupon to be had And if a Verdict shall passe for the Defendant or the Plaintiffe shall be Nonsuit or discontinue his Action after the Defendant hath appeared the Defendant shall recover double Costs to be awarded for his or their wrongfull Vexation in that behalfe

And bee it further enacted That all such Moneys soe to be received upon Accompt of the said Imposition shall from time to time be paid to such Person or Persons ^ the said Lord Arch-bishop Lord Bishop and Lord Maior or any two of them shall from time to time appoint under their Hands and Seales to be Receiver or Receivers Generali soe as such Person or Persons doe first give good Security to the Deane and Chapter of the said Cathedrall Church of St Pauls London for the due Repayment of all such Moneys as they shall receive in pursuance of this Att That they may be expended according to this AS The said Security being first approved under the Hands of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale Lord Chiefe Justice of the King's Bench Lord Chiefe Justice of the Common Pleas and Lord Chiefe Baron for the time being or any two or more of them

And whereas by the Additionall AS for Rebuilding the City of London made in the Two and twentieth yeare of King Charles the Second an Imposition of Eighteene pence per Chaldron upon Coals was appointed for Rebuilding fifty one Parochiall Churches named in the said Act by the Warrant and Direction of the said Lord Arch-Bishop of Canterbury the Lord Bishop of London and Lord Maior of London for the time being or any two of them And whereas by a Provisoe in the said A<St One fourth part of the said Imposition was appointed to be imployed by the like Warrants for the Rebuilding the Cathedrall Church of St Pauls by which meanes the Fabricke of the said Cathedrall hath beene considerably advanced Now soe it is that the said fourth part haveing beene deducted the remainder of the said Imposition will by Estimate fall short of finishing all the said Parochiall Churches soe that foure of the said fifty one Churches may remaine unbuilt and the Towers of some other Churches not perfected To the end therefore that the said Parish Churches appointed by name in the said AS to be Rebuilt may have due benefit of the said Imposition upon Coals Bee it Ena<5ted by the Authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for the said Lord Arch-Bishop of Canterbury the Lord Bishop of London and Lord Maior of London for the time being or any two of them to appropriate by Warrant under their Hands and Seales such part of the Imposition granted by this Act as shall in their Discretions seeme sufficient for the compleating of any the said Parochiall Churches that may happen to remaine unfinished at the Expiration of the aforesaid Act made in the Two and twentyeth yeare of King Charles the Second soe as the same doe not in any one yeare exceede one Fifth part of the Imposition granted by this Act And when the said Churches shall be competently finished then to apply and appropriate the whole Remainder of the said Imposition to the Rebuilding of the said Cathedrall of Saint Pauls and to no© other use nor purpose whatsoever.

Provided That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend dureing the continuance of this Act to charge or lay any the Duties or Impositions aforesaid upon a certaine yearely Rent or Allowance of One hundred Chalders of Coals which are to be answered and delivered by the Maior and Burgesses of Newcastle upon Tyne for the use of His Majestyes Royall Hospital 1 now in Building in or neare Chelsea in the County of Midlesex for a certaine long terme of yeares yet to come (the said Maior and Burgesses for the time being or their Agents giveing notice from time to time dureing the continuance of this Act to the Lord Arch-Bishop of Canterbury Lor (‘) Bishop of London and Lord Maior of London or any Two of them of the intended delivery of such Coals for the use aforesaid three dayes at the least before the delivery thereof) any thing before herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.

Power to Archbishop, &c. to borrow Money on Credit of Duties.

X.

General Issue.

Double Costs.

XL

Monies borrowed to be received by Persons appointed by Archbishop, Acc. Security given by such Persons.

Approved by Lord Chancellor, &c.

XII.

22 Car. II. c, ii.

§38-

22 Car. II, c. ii. §4‘*

Reciting that divers Parish Churches mentioned in said Acts remain unbuilt or unfinished. Archbishop, &c. may appropriate any Parc of the Duties, not in any one Year exceeding a Fifth Part, to the finishing the said Parish Churches.

Remainder to rebuildingSt. Paul's.

XIII.

Not to extend to One hundred Chalders of Coals yearly to Chelsea Hospital.

Notice by Mayor, &c. of Newcastle to Archbishop, fcc. of Delivery of such Coals.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act for Cleareing pserveing Maintaineing and Repaireing the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth.

Rot. Parl. nu. 16.

WHEREAS the Burrough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norffolke is of great Importance as well for His Majestyes Service and Revenue as for the good of the whole Kingdome especially in the Preservation of the Fishery and the breeding and imploying many thousands of Skilful 1 Marriners and Seamen And the Haven and Piers of the said Burgh have beene of late much (more then heretofore) obstru&ed and ruined by Sands throwne up by the Sea in such sort as that the Benefit thereof must of necessity be lost (if not timely prevented) the great Charge of Clearing Preserveing Maintaining and repairing whereof the Maior Aldermen Burgesses and Commonalty of the said Burgh are in noe wise able to beare the said Corporation Antient Reall Estate, being neare Foure hundred pounds per Annum being sold and expended and they very much

Reciting the State and Danger of Ruin to the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth.

1 Lord 0.

F

1°Jac.II. c. 16.

A.D. 1685.

M

II.

12(1. a Chalder of Coals, Last of Coro, Weigh of Salt, and Tun of other Merchandize, except Fish, to be paid by Masters of Ships, &c. as Mayor, See. of Great Yarmouth shall appoint, for 14 Years, &c.

III.

Mayor, &c. to appoint Collectors.

Collectors to pay Duties received to the Chamberlain of the said Borough.

indebted by the great Charge of the Repaire thereof and the Powers of the former Acts of Parlyament concerning the same being now wholly determined To the end therefore that the said Haven and Piers may be Cleared Preserved Maintained and Kept ill good Repaire

Bee it Enabled by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That for Fourteenc years and to the end of the next Session of Parlyament from and after the Twenty fourth day of July next ensueing there shall be paid by every the Master or other Person or Persons haveing the Rule and ‘ Command of any Shipp or Vessell unladeing or which shall unlade within the said Haven of Great Yarmouth or in the place in the Sea called Yarmouth Roade neare or adjoyning to the said Burgh extending from the South part of the Towne of Scratby in the County of Norfolke to the North part of the Towne of Corton in the County of Suffolke at the time of the unladeing thereof for the Goods hereafter mentioned (that is to say) for every Chalder of Coals (Winchester Measure) Last of Wheate, Rye, Barley, Malt and other Graine and for every Weigh of Salt and every Tun of any other Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever Fish onely excepted which shall be imported and unladen in the said Haven or Roade such Summe or Summes of Money not exceeding the Summe of Twelve pence of Lawfull Money of England as the said Maior Aldermen Burgesses and Commonalty in Common Councill Assembled shall from time to time Order or Appoint.

And to the intent that the Summes of Money to be paid as aforesaid may be duely Collected and Levyed to the Use and Purpose aforesaid Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be Lawfull to and for the said Maior Aldermen Burgesses and Commonaltie in Common Councill Assembled from time to time and at all times hereafter dureing the said Terme of Fourteenc yeares and to the end of the next Session of Parlyament to nominate and choose such Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors Receiver or Receivers of every such Summe or Summes of Money as shall be Ordered or Appointed to be paid as aforesaid as they shall thinke fitt. All which Sums of Money the said Collector or Collectors Receiver or Receivers shall from time to time pay or cause to be paid into the Hands of the Chamberlaine of the said Burgh for the time being for the use of the said Maior Aldermen Burgesses and Commonalty for the use intent and purpose aforesaid and to none other use intent or purpose whatsoever

IV.

DuUes to be employed for preserving the Haven, &c.

Eight

Commissioners

appointed.

Mode of Appointment of such Commissioners.

Five or more of the said Commissioners may call Collectors before them ; Collectors to render Accounts to them ; Commissioners to direct the Application of the Monies appearing due;

Mayor to administer Oath to Collectors.

V.

Allowance to Collectors.

VI.

Collectors See. may enter and search Ships.

If Duties not paid by Master of Ships,

Collectors, See. may distrain Ship, Scc. by Warrant from Mayor, &c.

And to the intent that all and every the Summe and Summes of Money which shall be Collected and Levyed by vertue of this A d may be imployed for the Clearing Preserving maintaining and keeping in Repaire of the said Haven and Piers Bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That there shall be Eight or any Five of them Commissioners nominated and appointed to have the Inspedion and take the Accompt of the Receipts and Disbursments of all such Moneys as shall be soe collected and Levyed dureing the Terme aforesaid two of which said Comissioners shall be yearely and every yeare from time to time nominated and appointed by the Maior Aldermen Burgesses and Commonalty in Common Councill Assembled and other two of the said Eight Commissioners shall be in like manner nominated and appointed by the Maior Aldermen and Commons of the City of Norwich in Common Councill Assembled and other two of them shall be in like manner nominated and appointed by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norffolke and the other two of them shall be in like manner nominated and appointed by the Justices of the Peace for the County of Suffolke at the respective Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Countyes of Norffolke and Suffolke respectively which said Commissioners or any five or more of them shall and may from time to time dureing the said Terme call before them the Collectors Receivers and others who shall from time to time be intrusted with the Collection Receipt or Imployment of the Moneys to be Collected and Received in pursuance of this Act who shall and are by vertue of this A£V required to render unto the said Commissioners or any five or more of them a true Accompt thereof and of all and every Summe and Summes of Money which shall rest due upon such Accompt and the said Commissioners or any five or more of them shall and may order and appoint ali such Moneys as shall rest due upon such Accompt to be laid out and expended for and towards the uses and purposes aforesaid as there shall be cause And the Maior of the said Burgh for the time being is hereby Enabled and Required to Administer an Oath

to every such Collector or Collectors Receiver or Receivers as shall be nominated and chosen as aforesaid for the

true and faithfull executing his or their Office in and about the Premisses according to the true intent and meaning of this present Act

Provided That the said Collector and Collectors Receiver and Receivers to be nominated and chosen as aforesaid and every of them shall from time to time be allowed for their Paines in Executeing the said Office out of the Sums of Money by him received soe much as the said Maior [Aldermen*] Burgesses and Commonalty in Common Councill Assembled shall thinke fitt not exceeding Two pence in the pound

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be Lawful to and for the said

Collector and Collectors Receiver and Receivers for the time being and every or any of them from time to

time and at all convenient and seasonable times to enter into any Shipp or Vessell within the said Haven and Roade or either of them there to see and informe him [and1] themselves what Goods shall be in the same unladen out thereof And in case the said Summe or Summes of Money soe Ordered or appointed to be paid as aforesaid shall not be paid by the Master or other person or persons haveing the Rule and Command of any Shipp or Vessell unladeing as aforesaid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act That then and soe often it shall and may be Lawfull to and for the said Collector and Collectors Receiver and Receivers and every or any of them by Warrant obtained from the Maior of the Burgh of Great Yarmouth aforesaid for the time being under his Hand and Seale to take and destraine every such Shipp or Vessell and all Tackle Apparell and Furniture thereto belonging or any part thereof and the same to detaine and keepe untill he or they be satisfyed and paid the said Summes of Moneys and every of them And in case of neglect or delay of or in payment

1 Alderman O.

* or O.

1° Jac. II. c. 16, IT.

19

of the said Summe or Summes of Money or any of them or any part thereof within ten dayes next after any Distresse or Distresses soe taken as aforesaid That then it shall and may be Lawfull to and for the said Collector and Collectors Receiver and Receivers and every or any of them to sell the said Distresse or Distresses soe taken and therewith to satisfie him or themselves as well for and concerning the said Duty soe neglected or delayed to be paid and for which any Distresse or Distresses shall be soe taken as aforesaid and alsoe for his and their reasonable Charges in takeing or keeping of such Distresse rendring to the Master or other Person haveing the Rule or Command of the Shipp or Vessell of in or from which such Distresse shall be soe taken the Overplus if any there shall be.

Provided alwayes and bee it enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That such Fish Oyls and Fish-Livers as shall be obtained in and upon any Fishing-Voyage or Voyages and such remainder of Salt Bread Beere and other Provision as shall be taken into any Shipp or Vessell for accomplishing any Fishing-Voyage or Voyages or into any Shipp or Vessell for the maintenance of the Master and Marriners serveing therein upon [any' ~] Voyage or Voyages to be made with such Shipp or Vessell and not spent therein shall be exempted from the payment of the said Duty any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Upon Ten Days* Ne ele dt ofPay meet, Cofledtor may sell Distress.

Money arising therefrom how applied.

Overplus rendered to Master, &c. of

Ship.

VII. Proviso respediing Fish Oils and Fish Livers obtained on Fishing Voyage j and Maintenance for Seamen.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Act for Reviveing and Continuance of severall Acts of Parlyament therein mentioned.

WHEREAS many good and wholesome Lawes were made in the Raigne of Your Majestyes Royall Brother King Charles the Second of Blessed Memory as Probationary Laws which by experience have beene found very usefull and beneficiall both for the Service of the Crowne and good of the Subjects of this your Majestyes Realme which said Acts being made Temporary are most of them expired and others neare expireiflg Your Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled takeing the same into their Serious Consideration doe most humbly beseech Your Majestie That it may Enacted

And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual I and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by Authoritie of the same That One Act of Parlyament made in the Thirteenth and fourteenth yeares of his said late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for the better Reliefe of the Poore of this Kingdome (except what relates unto the Corporation therein mentioned and Constituted thereby) shall be in force from the first day of this present Session of Parlyament and soe to continue for the space of Seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament

And forasmuch as such poore persons at their first comeing to a Parish doe commonly conceale themselves Bee it therefore hereby Provided and Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Forty dayes continuance of such Person in a Parish intended by the said Act to make a Setlement shall be accompted from the time of his or her Delivery of Notice in writeing (which they are hereby required to doe) of the House of his or her abode and the number of his or her Family if he or she have any to one of the Church wardens or Overseers of the Poore of the said Parish to which they shall soe remove.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one other Act made in the said Thirteenth and Fourteenth yeares of his said late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act* for Preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffes and for Ease in passing their Accompts shall be in force and is hereby made perpetuall.

Rot. Pari nu. 17.

II.

13 & 14 Car. II. c. 12. revived for 7 Years, except as to the Corporation therein mentioned.

III.

Settlement of Poor intended by said Act accounted from Delivery of Notice in Writing to Churchwarden.

IV.

13 & 14 Car. II. chap. 21. made perpetual.

And bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one other Act made in the Seventeenth yeare of his said late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delayes And alsoe one other Act made in the Two and twentyeth and Three and twentyeth yeares of his late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for the better Setleing Intestates Estates (which said latter Act is explained by a Clause in one other Act made in the Nine and twentyeth yeare of his said late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries) both which said Acts with the said Clause are continued by one other Act made in the Thirtyeth yeare of his said late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for Reviveing both the said former Acts All which said Acts and Clauses shall be in force and is hereby made perpetuall.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby further Enacted That noe Administrator shall from the from the Foure and twentieth day of July next be cited to any the Courts in [the*] last Act mentioned to render an Account of the Personall Estate of his Intestate (otherwise then by an Inventory or Inventoryes thereof) unlessse it be at the Instance and Prosecution of some person or persons in behalfe of a Minor or haveing a demand out of such Personall Estate as a Creditor or next of Kin, Nor be Compellable to Accompt before any the Ordinaryes or Judges by the said last Act impowered and appointed to take the same otherwise then as is aforesaid any thing in the said last Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and it is further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if after the Death of a Father any of his Children shall dye Intestate without Wife or Children in the Life-time of the Mother every Brother and Sister and the Representatives of them shall have an equall Share with her Any thing in the last mentioned Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided and it is hereby for the determining some Doubts ariseing upon the Act aforementioned for the better setleing Intestates Estates Enacted and Declared That the Clause therein by which it is Provided That that Act

V.

17 Car. II. c. 8.

22 & 23 Car. II. c. 10. explained by 29 Car. II. c. 3.

$ 25. and which said Acts with the said

Clause arecontinued by 30 Car. II. st. 1. c. 6.

All the said Acts and Clauses made perpetual.

VI.

Administrators not compelled to account (except by an Inventory) but at the instance of Persons interested.

VII. Brother and Sister of Intestate to share equally with the Mother.

VIII.

Proviso in the said Act for Customs of London and Province of York

any other O.

* the said O.

1° Jac. II. c.17, 18.

j4.D.\685.

not to extend to Intestate's Estate claimed by Administrator quatenus

Administrator.

IX.

19 Car. II. c. 12. in force for 7 Years, See. from 1st day of the Session.

X.

22 & 23 Car. II.

c. 19. in force for 7 years, &c. from June 24, 1685.

Proviso for Salemcn.

XI.

22 & 23 Car. II. c. 22. in force for 7 years from 1st Day of the Session.

XII.

22 5c 23 Car. II. c. 23. in force for 7 years, from 1st Day of the Session.

XIII.

22 & 23 Car. II. c. 26. in force for 7 Years, &c. from the j st Day of the Session.

or any thing therein contained should not any wayes prejudice or hinder the Customs observed within the City of London and Province of Yorke was never intended nor shall be taken or construed to extend to such Part of any Intestates Estate as any Administrator by vertue onely of being Administrator by pretence or reason of any Custome may claime to have to exempt the same from Distribution but that such part in the hands of such Administrator shall be subject to Distribution as in other Cases within the said Act.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one other Act made in the Nineteenth Yeare of

King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for Assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation shall be in force from the first day of this present Session of Parlyament and soe to continue for the space of Seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That one other Act made in the Two and twentyeth and Three and twentyeth yeares of [his1] late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Catle in Smithfield and elsewhere shall be in force from the Foure and Twentyeth Day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five and soe to continue for Seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament [Provided That the said Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to Salemen or Factors imployed by Farmers or Feeders.*]

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That one other Act made in the Two and twentieth and

Three and twentyeth [yeares*] of his said late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for the better and more certaine

Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to His Majestie shall be in force from the First day of this present Session of Parlyament and soe to continue for the space of seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one other Act of the Two and Twentyeth and Three and twentyeth of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act to Revive an Act Entituled An Act to prevent the Disturbance of Seamen and others and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majestyes Navy Roy all with some Alterations and Additions shall be in force from the first day of this present Session of Parlyament and soe to continue for seven yeares and from thence to the end of the first Session of the next Parlyament.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one other Act of the Two and twentyeth and Three and twentyeth of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England and for Regulateing the Plantation Trade shall be in force from the first day of this present Session of Parlyament and soe to continue for seven yeares and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parlyament.

Xiv. And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one other Act made in the Thirtyeth Yeare of

30 Car. II. *t. 1. King Charles the Second Entituled An Act to Enable Creditors to Recover their Debts of the Executors and c. 7. m force for 7 0

years, &c. from 1 st Administrators of the Executors in their owne wrong shall be in force from the first day of this present Session

Day of the Session. pariyament an(j soe to continue for seven yeares and from thence to the end of the first Session of the next

Parlyament.

XV.

13 & 14 Car. II. c. 33. continued for 7 Years from June 24, 1685.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one other Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth yeares of His said late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in Printing Seditious Treasonable and Unlicensed Bookes and Pamphletts, and for Regulating of Printing and Printing-Presses and every Clause Article and thing therein contained be Revived and continue in force from the Foure and twentyeth Day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty five for the space of Seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament.

CHAPTER XVIII.

Rot. Parl. na. 18.

An Act to encourage the Building of Shipps in England.

A more than ordinary Decay in building Ships in England.

WHEREAS for some yeares past and more especially since the laying a Duty upon Coals brought into the River of Thames there hath beene observed a more than ordinary Decay in Building Shipps in England and particularly in New Castle Hull Yarmouth Ipswich Alborough Dunwich Walderswick Woodbridge and Harwich where many stout Shipps were yearely built for the Coale and other Trade which were of great use to his Majestie in time of Warr and a Nursery for able Seamen but by the Discouragement that Trade hath ever since laine under occasioned chiefely by the freedome which foreigne Shipps and Vessells bought and brought into this Kingdome have enjoyed in the Coale and other Inland-Trade equall to that of English built Shipps the Merchants Owners and others have not beene able to build as formerly which hath caused many of our English Shippwrights Calkers and Seamen to seeke their Imployments abroad whereby the Building-trade is not onely wholly lost in severall of the aforementioned places and in others very much decayed but alsoe the Importation of Timber Plank Hemp Pitch Tarr Iron Masts Canvas and other Commodities used in building and fitting out Shipps are greatly lessened to the apparent pjudice of his Majestyes Customs the losse of a considerable Iinployment for Shipping and consequently of all other Trades depending thereupon to the too great Advantage of Forreigne Nations.

II.

Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual I and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the

1 his said 0.

• This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

J yeare O.

1° Jac. II. c. 18, 19.

21

same That all Foreigne-built Shipps and Vessells which shall henceforth be bought and brought into the Kingdomc of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and be imployed in carrying or transporting any Goods or Merchandize from Port to Port as aforesaid for every Voyage shall pay to his Majestic his Heires and Successors at the Port of delivery of their respective Ladeing (before the Delivery thereof) over and above all Dutyes now paid or that shall hereafter be payable by English-built Shipps the Summe of Five shillings per Tun to be colle<5ted and received by such Person or Persons as his Majestie shall appoint in that behalfe One moyety whereof to be for the use of the Chest at Chatham the other moyety to the Master Wardens and Assistants of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond for and towards the Reliefe of wounded and decayed Seamen their Widows and Children

And whereas there are now in England belonging or pretended to belong to English Owners many Forreigne-built Shipps and Vessells which doe transport Coals and other Goods from Port to Port in England as aforesaid paying noe more Duty than English Shipps pay Bee it further enacted by the Authoritic aforesaid That all such Forreigne Shipps (which are not free) for every Voyage shall pay after the Feast of St. Michaell in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and nine at the Rate of Twelve pence per Tun over and above all Dutyes now paid or that shall hereafter be payable by English-built Shipps to be disposed of unto the Chest of Chatham and the Trinity-House of Deptford-Strond by Moyeties as aforesaid and for the ue^oe hefore-mentioned which said last mentioned Duty of Twelve pence per Tun alsoe shall be collected and recieved in manner aforesaid at their respective Ports of delivery of their respective Ladeing before the delivery thereof

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That his Majestie shall have the same remedy for receiving and recovering of the Dutyes above mentioned as are provided in a certaine Act of Parlyament made in the Twelfth yeare of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King Charles the Second Entituled A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of Money payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported.

Provided alwayes That the said Dutyes of Five Shillings per Tun and Twelve pence per Tun or any Part thereof hereby imposed upon such Forreigne built Shipps which have beene heretofore or shall hereafter be bought or brought into England shall not be sett to Farme to any Person or Persons for any terme or time or for any Rent or certaine Payment whatsoever but that the severall Persons who shall be appointed to receive the same shall actually receive the said whole Duty payable by every such Shipp and account for the same as by this Act is directed.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Additional! AC1 for the Improvement of Tillage.

FORASMUCH as by an Act made in the Two and twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of his late Majestie of ever Blessed Memory Intituled An Act for Improvement of Tillage and the Breed of Catle It is amongst other things Provided and Enacted That from and after the Nine and twentyeth of June One thousand six hundred and seventy and from thence forward certaine Rates should be paid for the Custome and Poundage of Forreigne Corne and Graine Imported into this Kingdome according to the Prices of English Come at the Times Havens and Places when and where the same should be Imported as by the said Act particularly appeareth.

And in as much as noe Provision was made by the said Act for Assertaining and Determining the said Prices by reason whereof [severall1] great quantities of [Corne1] and Graine have beene Imported without paying the respective Duties by the said Act appointed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

Now for supplying the said Defect Bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That from and after the Feast of Saint Michaell the Arch-Angell next and from thence forward it shall and may be lawfull to and for all and every the Justices of the Peace for the severall and respective Countyes within His Majestyes Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede wherein Forreigne Corne or Graine shall or may bee hereafter Imported And they and every of them are hereby Injoyned and Required at their next respective Quarter Sessions after Michaelmas and Easter day yearely by the Oathes of two or more Honest and Substantiall Persons of the respective Countyes being neither Merchants nor Factors for Importing of Corne nor any wayes concerned nor interested in the Corne soe Imported and each of them haveing a Freehold Estate of Twenty pounds per Annum or a Lease-hold Estate of Fifty pounds per Annum above all Charges and Reprizes and being Skilfull in the Prices of Corne (which Oathes all and every the said Justices are hereby impowered to Administer) and by such other Wayes and Meanes as to them shall seeme fitt to Examine and Determine the Common Market Prices of Midling English Corne and Graine of the respective sorts in the said Act mentioned as the same shall be commonly bought and sold in the said respective Counties into which any Forreigne Corne ami Grain shall be Imported and to Certifie the same with two such Oaths made as aforesaid in writeing annext unto His Majestyes Chiefe Officer and Collector of the Customes for the time being Resideing in the said respective Ports or Havens where the said Come and Graine shall be Imported to be hung up in some Publique place in the Custome-house, to which all Persons may resort for their Information.

G

Foreign-built Ship# employed in the Coasting Trade to pay 5 s. per Ton ior every Voyage above other Duties.

Duty applied to the Chest at Chatham and Trinity House at Deptford.

HI.

Foreign Ships already in English Hands is. per Ton above other Duties.

Duty applied as the 5s. Duty.

IV.

The said Duties to be recovered as by 12 Car. II. c. 4.

V.

The said Duties not to be farmed.

Rot. Parl. nu. 19.

22 Car. II. c. 13. $ 2. 3-

II.

III.

Justices of Peace of Counties wherein Foreign Corn imported may, in Quarter Sessions, by the Oaths of Two Persons duly qualified, and by other Means as they shall see fit, determine the Market Price of middling English Corn in this Act mentioned.

And certify the same with the said Oaths to the Chief Officer of the Customs residing at the Port of Importation.

To be hung up in some Public Place.

1 divers O.

* Forreigne Corne 0.

A.D. 1e 85.

1" Jac. II. c. 19.

IV.

Duty of the said Act paid according to the Prices contained in such Certificates.

V.

Same Powers to the I>ord Mayor, &c. and Justices of Peace of and in London.

The aforesaid Oaths to be made by Persons not interested being Housekeepers.

And it is hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the said Feast of Saint Michaell the Arch-angell next the Custome and Duty of Forreigne Come and Graine Imported into any of His Majestyes said Dominions of England Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede appointed by the said Act to be paid shall be Collected and paid according to the Prices contained in such respective Certificates as aforesaid and not otherwise Any Thing in this Act or in any other Law or Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, and bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all that by vertue of this Act is to be done by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter-Sessions in their severall Countyes shall be done and performed in like manner in the City of London in the Months of October and Aprill yearely by the Maior Aldermen and Justices of Peace there and that the persons makeing such Oaths shall be noe Corne-Chandler Mealman Factor Merchant or other person [interested'] in such Come soe to be Imported but shall be some Substantiall House-keepers liveing in Midlesex or Surrey qualified as aforesaid.

ITEM quedam Petitiones privatas personas concernentes in se formam A<5tus continentes exhibite fuerunt pdidlo Domino Regi in Parliament prediclo quorum tituli subscribuntur videlicet.

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Anne within the Liberty of Westminster to raise Money to build a Church to be the parish Church there.

An Act for repealing a Clause for dividing of Comons in an Act of Pariyament made in the fifteenth yeare of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for setleing the dreyning of the Great Levell of the Fenns called Bedford Levell.

An Act to enable James Lord Butler of Moore-Parke and Earle of Ossory in the Kingdome of Ireland to make a joynture to such Woman as he shall marry.

An Act for the naturalization of John Esselbron Otto Geertz David Becceler and others.

An Act for rebuilding of the Earle of Powis's House in Lincolns-Inne-Fields lately demolished by fire.

An Act for the conveyance of Fresh water through severall grounds unto the City of Rochester.

An Act for naturalizing Magdalen Pellasary and others.

An Act for the naturalizing of James Dufay Theodore Janssen and others.

An Act to enable Edward Meller Esquire to sell Lands for payment of debts.

An Act for erecting a new Parish to be called The Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of Westminster.

An Act for the repair of the Cathedrall Church of Bangor and for the maintenance of the Choire there and for the augmentation of the Revenue of the Bishoprick of Bangor and [alsoe*] for an augmentation of severall Vicarages within the Comportions of Landinum in the diocesse of Bangor aforesaid.

interTested 0.

2 Interlined on the Roll.

ffoi l£UU'Utl>

V_

*9® »ntweci« *..'3 -

*S*fwF*

fT*"1

r£.?

Ol* p^«vtni'iiji off Soub'i-i' Am* fj,.p&:' Qtutfi m te©.'!*' *,i|>| t-.i'-l'"? <V«' "*‘<"'0 .-*«"'-i Am* p,oie.9«. f (Till p«,C*#i..AnC ?t® It PiCa,.? Am* -?,i tit. 8 t'l All* 5m..ki9' «i.'\l -5jtAffA.it ^*X®ftV«9* f. Am? S.rfJ -.-... All* IOUF3lit of tilt' (To,*?" opH‘tM*ff Am? hi ji-iAff Ait? 110.

-t«~l.......A' "*■ «(|i"ief«3 «"? % *ulfo,iti® o(T '&• tin.A* <tfl»t

ift <Cc,?9'<Sfi,itM*<[ A»S $»mpoj*e An? -JommmomO- tout-mc* At

.flHIi.l, .<1 lit two All* Itli.tvilC S*o) of' vXaaiiA^ III itl'o ft*,®

oF'oul so,* OllA t$Ollftll? -':X 6o.i3,.3 Al?F,V lijft AliS t$A3®. -'n.'lT Oil tg® t£i,ttc.lt? 9tv; of' if t6,M*£ foa^-mp A,® tt)A.«.. foi-^O- .-f'pA|C»W<l.t AM* k-A. jfi«rfo' ,,8 A,A L.ej) = 9.tC*,.3, AllAttA* *1.9 *9i.«9gt9 to ft to Act' mtA.ltO* tOnfJlllttlO.il' Am? P"lfO('.i- Qptfcl.A, i.otfil.Mi'll*.iilii.il *1.5 Quilt ofp'&.ilt-Oj) &j,«0- Of'fJ'uii.i.loilO' Of) A...) SofVrt- O^ f oy.iit. 0|,

Jt^fl.Ct Qfiatfol.lA, Alt' if' '(.'if t.A? 6ttl,® (mIIIIIIOhA? AMeyJuig to tffo. nl'ift Coii.it', &..? Mirtt 'Clo' MitO.it act Am? ACC otfftf) i\ it O' to sugit, rilAi Vov*CV if (O', t fill'll' At I'm' tiiiiti (i'a> giuoi CtCSjAl M.V HAVt i?|OlO!.*t.'oa *fK, rt'f O'AiJ t£i,t.t.ll(> -if--(PjCmAiJ o-fi*ff 6® .MiStiftoo? trf... *1.9 ft?j»9s«3 ... IXaab

6.5.I..O .I.? to............. 'W 0A9 ^-,t«Mrs

Ap t6.il O'*i3 9*i.\tv<o' At til.' V<A.i<ft AM? 6ctf® AStitf oV"*.' (CoV?0- A..3 io...-O..0' *.'? AAA.pt t*. iV5w,w »..9 1 Vo0Aft' jlTj.iito' Opfc>0 *ti? 1of' -5i.rK'*i.S too f^*.^t A..? g,c.«.s "I,? (JV •"* <T'H->t)i«o'-

Mwi.to 6aCou gin a . a..? ^t.i it •£"fttt.3 0.1 Hfoooo

L.tfofK® ftf^i.OK? rt^At <C'.' O-l' ...A*0 ill rtl'f Mlivttttfi VAAlAo

of'ft., £j|*,f<o‘ t£® 0. foil? sEl.ti'.ll'.? a.. 3 It Pi tfT.. .1.0,0

Afl^ACtMACT p,l,',11.111, tjY* ft.00' f<lfll *m9 5011c,HMlAMt 6j) M.

9i(*6tA.‘.l, oppopifto' po... (fit..., - «its.V ffoilp Opf ^fiW..* 0..3 Alt olt.| a it o' oppAi'yAHKi.t *• to Ooo coif of Hi,. o>,? a« o, Alto' O.IA-Cy AO- to..t*,'.0~ tfo t.SVli, It.'.. of-

'^..p,A..,AlJ AM 9 SUVAS-AHtAi 0, Ait6<l Optf,., i, fflu

,.,'.*C<8 to *Cc .......to- *1.3 pinp-'l'"' a^tf.i.g ... tf«. 0*|3

j.iit.3 a.* 01 itto- t» tf" tout,*,' ..ojMiM;|>«..?.',.5. a,»

AO it- p,tt.',| CSi.nntS <6«t t6<' '6" <J'>At6i<'

Apt, MIOittioMA* At.9 16a. MlAfcioir 4T.6ftfil'l."0- A..8 JJ^OAU.1.5

tt'; 5 Ait'*,*tioM m t^'i. 6fti9 art optC'c* Il'H'it'}.' Vo Alt' of

6.. .5 vp.*' tffo 0'.to,.8 mc.iKo.ic8 6« ....,01 ll)Aml'A| ofT-

ffo.iR' oprf.o- pi.put- fS... A..8 AftcK

Kit. CtH*- «•*) '*fb!W "'\t «P"«- mAM..., Vo-

tpi t*t An... cIk' o'lti3 CCaJiVa' o(p Aavn.it.i'i A..3 -o a .1 Q5'..p,....At«. AmS tfw Mr o;.(.'(cf.C...m AI.S ^.porting MTc. oii? S;cftt|AKo, tjc .<*.3 Ca(V.i.a-Ko.,a8 a it *,«. o o.

1.. ......? olialt C« 5003 A..8 .(pm.a« to «' i"tfft.9 -

p,ip.-|«' *• iptCti <168 OaHiao- Opaoigi*... A..9 ®l.p|A...»*o 6*3

6.. ,J t*&.. Am9 «> OAiS aril'«,«h.., 6*9 I'AAl-A' "•*«' I'WfliP.S -

A..* .'« <lt6 UIA..MA, Au3 At 6»tg Koto «■ n*S* *^8 "■

ait 01, a no- o, AMJ) of'ij'.... ttTtv A,® |Aft"l*9 *"8 *9'®* "t * *•' ptu.i. p«lG»...A..to- «|V OAMf..-' 6t,Ai.. ftfitA, ...auKo.,.3 fc.3 -t«o PaiCaiAiioi. ... <S‘- SV3 a.t ,.1*9.. .1. Ml.' MMjKAti) S*^Vfio|, Is,., ipil'oo- Wa- o'.aomS ,muio»aS olica' to tat.«11 Ml Ate o;.6(tj'.ff.9 -»,.S ,A 1'AAtt9 6. W.-t'A| ofKM.0) Coup 0pf»,lS«...A,M-

Citfii. Kmc* tii./t *•». i.iciHi., *«? pr*'*',s

tfo PamaCKao- A"* Sifitt'iCiti.O' AO- MiV o'*i» Ortt'.o' ->C AiT.oiAiha

Z> *1.9 tff.i 0*19 91 .Con aK on 6s t«f 0‘i3 art OptfK'

tpipt.t? i.c,o of ft.,- -£6*,C<0' rt.- 0aaom9 a,® Cm.in,8 0,9*111.9 Am? AflM-^t.9 to fc I*«V,. ...A?. 9ifpa>'t9 Am? |.p.At<3 A..9 i.ot-

amJ Vola'm fY"'"r 8"! ,<^9 " "I *"?

of'ij'.... ho Hio toMlJBj^ ..01».Ij'ftA..3..(r' o..:‘ .r .0 6a,c6'») oc

friltjA, ^j>«AAt*> All? Sert'AlA? Ij» «$B A..ttfo|.Ko MfSjAfSCS ^J'*t

ig.. ci*tffA0' Afou® ftfljomt.9 l-s tgi'9' ait lo 6® taft,,iijif .n» A..9 ..faro oplj.. CftAtg.o- opaOcmAMt® Am? ®upio™aiy) of«C 6® lit tg.. ^.ojte pir^OMM, All? 1.0® .'MTa, Q 1* !«t fmto,®%) O 0 fjom.YJ. A..3 ki.a,|| l&t aSoiff ft. ptfpw Alt? lioA,® tyu> .'UC.r«,t® to if.., UlAi.lIvAO' ft., ^aOIcm. Am? 1,00011® W*p Aotg.tp® III® -

go9 . Cl' a & 9o® iS.*,.. tf*t g So® f'jom m. goAJt aCfo^ Saia|V An?' »fi«|® A.-' m.fi0M0' A»? g.,®K«*<C Mi*t Sam.mACC® O ^ Sottlm® All? pop,... ft'At f,-t;o' ,(tOo.....iM,att3 Ji.•,....3 fj)

tc- pop® o, ®..v a«t6..,ih.' of'afi' %t® «P"•* 6®, StpoIJS 0, mu [Mi'ajaS 4 yf.,| igViiortf Of a.ij' olfc, '»(,'*«r.,cji) *M? Ci ?o® Stcfft,® igill MO®-flionjigu® p,n,m.. f t|IJ,. f... Git,. @tAto' o, f.%tAutAt® G*tg 0, o..gp to f»"® foWoJJ a o o

gufrtitKou S.ip«|io,;t») pj®®.ui.®u® 0. aulpjiK® ^nCcpffi.Air

0,«p.',.t..A<PlW.'rf,i. (tiAtmO. (JfOAi ftCp® >u® ©09. 03 .

4?,o...?o? Atm*o.j' AmS C® it ?:-tfa,.S j6*t tgio- p,®('ut * M

IV . '} 9 V * '

( 23 )

STATUTES OF KING WILLIAM AND QUEEN MARY.

Anno 1° GULIELMI & MARLE A.D. 1688.

STATUTES made in the Session of Parliament,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on thp Thirteenth Day of February, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of K. WILLIAM and Q. MARY.

Cjrl&otulo iDaritamentt Deanna regnt d&ulteiim et ^artae, i&rtmo*

IN Parliamento ten* apud Westmonasteriu tertio decimo die Februarii Anno Domini millessimo sextentessimo oftogessimo octavo Anno Regni Serenissimi Domini nri Gulielmi et Marie Anglie Francie et Hibemie Regis et Regine Fidei Defensor* &c. primo communi omniu Dominoru et Coinmunitatis consensu et Reg* Majestatis assensu Sancita inaftitata et Stabilita fuerunt hec sequentia Statuta videlicet

CHAPTER I.

An Act for removeing and Preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this

present Parlyament.

I?OR preventing all Doubts and Scruples which may in any wise arise concerning the Meeting Sitting and Proceeding of this present Parlyament Bee it Declared and Enabled by the King and Queenes most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons now Assembled and by Authoritie of the same

( ') That the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons Convened at Westminster the Two and twentyeth day of January in the Yeare of Our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty eight and there Sitting on the Thirteenth day of February following are the Two Houses of Parlyament and soe shall be and are hereby Declared Enacted and Adjudged to be to all Intents Constructions and Purposes whatsoever Notwithstanding any want of Writt or Writts of Summons or any other defeat of Forme or Default whatsoever as if they had beene Summoned according to the usuall Forme, And that this present Act and all other Acts, to which the Royall Assent shall at any time be given before the next Prorogation after the said Thirteenth of February shall be Understood Taken and Adjudged in Law to Benginne and Commence upon the said Thirteenth of February on which Day Their said Majestyes at the Request and by the Advice of the Lords and Commons Did Accept the Crowne and Royall Dignity of King and Queene of England France and Ireland and the Dominions and Territories thereto belonging.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Act: made in the Thirtyeth Yeare of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the more efl'eftuall preserveing the Kings Person and Government by Disableing of Papists from Sitting in either House of Parliament [and all other Acts of Parlyament as to soe much of the said Act: or Acts onely as concerns the Takeing the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance or either of them in the said Act or Acts respectively mentioned by any Member or Members of either House of Parlyament with relation to their Sitting and Voteing in Parliament1] shall be and are hereby Repealed to all Intents and Purposes Any thing in the said recited Act: or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further Enacted That the (J) Takeing the Oathes herein after mentioned and the Makeing Subscribing and Repeateing the Declaration in the said Act of the Thirtieth Yeare of King Charles the Second mentioned by every Member of either House of this present Parlyament from and after the First day of March next ensueing in such Manner as the Takeing the said Oathes of Allegidhce and Supremacie and the Makeing Subscribeing and Repeating the said Declaration in the said last mentioned Act are required shall be good and effectuall to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacie had beene Taken and the said Declaration had beene Made Subscribed and Repeated in such Manner and at such Time as by the said Act or Acts or any of them they are required And that in all future Parlyaments the Oathes herein after mentioned and the Declaration in the said Act made in the Thirtyeth Yeare of King Charles the Second mentioned shall be Taken Made Subscribed and Repeated by every Member of either House of Parlyament within the Time, and in the same Manner and Forme and under the Penalties and Disabilities as the said Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy and the said Declaration by the said Act of the Thirtyeth Yeare of King Charles the Second are

1 This Clause is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. « Ibid.

3 From thence to the End of the Act is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule; and the Words «* with relation to their sitting and voting in Parliament," are interlined on the Roll.

Rot. Parl. pt. i.

nu. I.

Convention of Jan. 22, 1688, declared to be the Two Houses of Parliamcut.

This Act and other Acts before the next Prorogation taken to commence the 13th Feb. 1688.

II.

30 Car. II. st. 2. and other Acts as to the taking the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance by Members of either House of Parliament repealed.

III.

Taking the Oaths after mentioned and subscribing Declaration 4>f 30 Car. II. st. 2. to be good and effectual as if taken in the Manner and at the Time by the said Acts reipiircd.

In all future Parliaments the Oaths herein after mentioned and the Declaration of 30 Car. II. flat. 2. to be taken within

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.—3.

the Time and in Manner by said Act required.

IV.

Form of Oaths.

V.

TIi# Parliament may be dissolved in the usual Manner.

Limitted Ordained and appointed to be Taken Made Subscribed and Repeated and not at any other Time or in any other Manner to enable them to Sitt and Vote in Parliament Any thing in the said Act or A6Is or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further Enabled and Declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Oathes above appointed by this Act to be taken in the stead and place of the Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy, shall be in the Words following and noe other.

JAB Doe sincerely Promise and Sweare that I will be Faithful 1 and beare true Allegiance to Their Majestyes King William and Queene Mary Soe helpe me God.

[ A B Doe Sweare that I doe from my Heart Abhorr Detest and Abjure as Impious and Hereticall that damnable Do6lrine and Position That Princes Excommunicated or Deprived by the Pope or any Authoritie of the See of Rome may be Deposed or Murthered by their Subjects or any other whatsoever And I doe Declare that noe Forreigne Prince, Person, Prelate State or Potentate hath or ought to have any Power Jurisdi<5lion Superiority Preeminence or Authoritie Ecclesiasticall or Spirituall within this Realme Soe helpe me God.

Provided alwayes and be it Declared That this present Parlyament may be Dissolved after the usuall manner as if the same had been Summoned and called by Writt.

Rot. Parl. pt. I. nu. 2.

Persons committed by Warrant of Privy Council on Suspicion of Treason may be detained,ana Judge, &c. not to bail without Order.

II.

But may have the Benefit of the 31 Car. II. c. a. and of all other Statutes providing for the Liberty of the Subject.

HI.

Continuance of Act.

IV.

Proviso for Privileges of Parliament.

Rot. Parl. pt. 1. nu. 3.

II.

Grant of

a£68,820. 19s. rd. per Month for Six Months, by Two Quarterly Payment s.

Proportions of Payments by the several Counties.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for Impowering His Majestie to Apprehend and Detaine such Persons as He shall finde just Cause to Suspedt

are Conspireing against the Government.

FOR the secureing the Peace of the Kingdome in this Time of Imminent Danger against the Attempts and Trayterous Conspiracies of evill disposed Persons Bee it Enacted by the King and Oueene's most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That every Person or Persons that shall be committed by Warrant of Their said Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Signed by Six of the said Privy Councill at least for Suspition of High Treason may be detayned in safe Custodie till the Seventeenth Day of Aprill in the Yeare of Our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and nine, without Baile or Mainprize and that noe Judge or other Person shall Baile or Try any such Person or Persons soe Committed without Order from Their said Majestyes Privy Councill Signed by Six of the said Privy Councill at least till the said Seventeenth Day of Aprill any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That from and after the said Seventeenth day of Aprill the said Persons soe Committed shall have the Benefitt and Advantage of an Act made in the One and thirtyeth Yeare of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the better Secureing the Liberty of the Subject and for Prevention of Imprisonment beyond the Seas and alsoe of all other Laws and Statutes any way relateing to or provideing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realme

And that this present Act shall continue untill the said Seventeenth day of Aprill and noe longer.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enabled That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to the Auncient Rights and Priviledges of Parlyament or to the Imprisonment or Detayning of any Member of either House of Parlyament untill the Matter of which he stands suspected be first communicated to the House of which he is a Member and the Consent of the said House obtained for his Committment or Detayning.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for the granting a psent Ayd to Their Majestyes.

WEE the Commons Assembled in Parlyament haveing entred into a due and serious Consideration of the extraordinary Occasions which oblige our Soveraigrie Lord and Lady the King and Queene to a greate and present Expence have chearfully and unanimously Given and Granted unto our said Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queene the Rates and Assessments herein after mentioned.

And wee doe most humbly beseech Your Majestyes that it may be Enacted And bee it Enabled by our Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queene by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by [the1 ] Authoritie of the same That the Summe of Sixty eight thousand eight hundred and twenty pounds nineteene shillings and one penny by the Month for Six Months the First of the said Monthes beginning from the Five and twentyeth Day of March in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty' and nine shall be Assessed Taxed Levyed and Paid by two Quarterly Payments in the severall Countyes Cityes Burroughes Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the Rates and Proportions following (That is to say) For each Month of the said Six Months

For the County of Bedford Eight hundred ninety six pounds seventeene shillings nine pence.

For the County of Berks One thousand 'one hundred thirty tw o pounds six shillings seven pence.

The County of Bucks One thousand three hundred fifteene pounds six shllings five pence.

The County of Cambridge One thousand twenty pounds.

The Isle of Ely Three hundred forty nine pounds seventeen shillings eleven pence.

' O. omits.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

The County of Chester Seven hundred forty seven pounds seventeene shillings two pence.

The City and County of the City of Chester Fifty three pounds eight shillings foure pence.

The County of Cornwall One thousand five hundred forty pounds eighteene shillings three pence.

The County of Cumberland One hundred sixty eight pounds six shillings one peny.

The County of Derby eight hundred sixty two pounds eight shillings foure pence.

The County of Devon Three thousand two hundred twenty nine pounds nineteene shillings two pence.

The City and County of the City of Exon One hundred and sixteene pounds seven shillings foure pence.

The County of Dorset One thousand three hundred forty foure pounds ten shillings five pence.

The Towne and County of Poole Ten pounds nineteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Durham Three hundred twenty three pounds sixteene shillings nine pence.

The County of Yorke with the City and County of the City of Yorke and Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull Three thousand foure hundred sixty nine pounds five shillings two pence.

The County of Essex Three thousand ninety eight pounds eight shillings ten pence.

The County of Gloucester One thousand eight hundred and eight pounds ten shillings three pence.

The City and County of the City of Gloucester Thirty nine pounds eight shillings.

The County of Hereford One thousand one hundred thirty one pounds thirteene shillings foure pence.

The County of Hertford One thousand three hundred forty five pounds sixteene shillings three pence.

The County of Huntingdon Six hundred thirty three pounds fourteene shillings two pence.

The County of Kent with the City and County of the City of Canterbury Three thousand three hundred twenty six pounds eighteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Lancaster One thousand and six pounds thirteene shillings six pence.

The County of Leicester One thousand eighty foure pounds fourteene shillings three pence.

The County of Lincolne with the City and County of the City of Lincolne Two thousand five hundred seventy five pounds two shillings.

The City of London with the Liberty of Saint Martins le Grand Foure thousand two hundred ninety one pounds eleven shillings foure pence.

The County of Midlesex with the City and Liberty of Westminster Three thousand and forty pounds and ten shillings. The County of Monmouth Three hundred and ninety pounds.

The County of Northampton One thousand foure hundred and thirteene pounds eighteene shillings two pence.

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham Eight hundred seventy three pounds eight shillings.

The County of Norfolke Three thousand three hundred and seventy pounds twelve shillings.

The City and County of the City of Norwich One hundred and fourscore pounds.

The County of Northumberland with the Townes of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede Three hundred seventy two pounds fifteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Oxon One thousand one hundred thirty five pounds ten shillings eight pence.

The County of Rutland Two hundred and forty pounds eight shillings eleven pence.

The County of Salop One thousand two hundred and three pounds fourteene shillings two pence.

The County of Stafford Eight hundred fifty two pounds eleven shillings eight pence.

The City and County of the City of Litchfield thirteene pounds.

The County of Somersett Two thousand seven hundred seventy one pounds ten shillings eight pence.

The City and County of the City of Bristoll One hundred ninety nine pounds eight shillings foure pence.

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and the Isle of Wight Two thousand one hundred eighty nine pounds eight shillings eight pence.

The County of Suffolke Three thousand two hundred ninety eight pounds ten shillings eight pence.

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Soutlwarke One thousand five hundred ninety seven pounds two pence. The County of Sussex One thousand eight hundred twenty one pounds seven shillings nine pence.

The County of Warwicke with the City and County of the City of Coventry One thousand one hundred ninety two pounds eight shillings nine pence.

The County of Worcester One thousand fifty and three pounds nineteene shillings.

The City and County of the City of Worcester Fifty five pounds nine shillings six pence.

The County of Wilts One thousand nine hundred sixty six pounds seventeene shillings seven pence.

The County of Westmorland One hundred and sixteene pounds.

The County of Anglesey One hundred twenty five pounds thirteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Brecknocke Two hundred eighty twro pounds ten shillings five pence halfepenny.

The County of Cardigan One hundred and five pounds fifteene shillings nine pence halfpenny.

The County of Carmarthen Two hundred seventy two pounds six shillings eight pence.

The County of Carnarvan One hundred forty six pounds twelve shillings two pence.

The County of Denbigh Two hundred twenty three pounds ten shillings seven pence.

The County of Flint One hundred and eighteene pounds seventeene shillings foure pence.

The County of Glamorgan Three hundred seventy eight pounds seventeene shillings ten pence.

The County of Merioneth One hundred pounds sixteene shillings one peny.

The County of Montgomery Two hundred Seventy six pounds twelve shillings two pence.

The County of Pembrooke Three hundred twenty six pounds ten shillings.

The County of Radnor One hundred seventy foure pounds six shillings eight pence.

The Towne and County of Haverfordwest Fifteene pounds three shillings five pence.

m.

Persons hereinafter named to be Commissioners for the several Counties and Places hereinafter named.

29 Car. II. c. 1.

Names of the Commissioners.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3. A.D. 1688.

And bee it further Enacted That all and every the Persons hereafter named shall be Commissioners of and for the severall and respective Countyes Cityes Burroughes Townes and Places hereafter named and shall have and execute the like Powers and Authorities Rules and Directions touching the better Assessing Distributing Collecting Levying Receiving and Paying the said severall Summes of Sixty eight thousand eight hundred and twenty pounds nineteene shillings and one peny in such Proportions as aforesaid as are Limited Enacted Directed and Appointed to the Commissioners in one Act of Parlyament made in the Nine and twentyeth Yeare of the Raigne of his late Majestie King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for Raising the Summe of Five hundred eighty foure thousand nine hundred seventy eight pounds two shillings and two pence halfepeny, for the speedy building Thirty Shipps of Warr That is to say

For the County of Bedford

The Honourable Edward Russell the Honourable Robert Russell the Honourable Robert Bruce the Honourable Charles Leigh Esquires Sir William Gostwick Sir John Napier Sir John Cotton Sir Anthony Chester Sir John Burgoyn Sir Rowland Alston Sir Villiers Charnocke Sir John Osborne Baronets Sir William Bechcr Sir Francis Wingate Sir William Francklin Knights William Duncombc Oliver I.ukc William Boteler Collonell John Nicholas Lewis Moneux Thomas Browne Benjamin Conquest Samuell Cater Thomas Hillersdon Thomas Docwra John Osborne William Farrer Senior William Foster Thomas Cheyne Thomas Palmer Richard Stone Edward Stone John Vaux George Abbott John Cockayne John Harvey Senior Nicholas Spenser Richard Edwards Brooke Bridges George Edwards Thomas Bromsall Ralph Bromsall Walter Cary Robert Mountague Gaynes Squier Humfrey Fish Charles Gery Thomas Taylor John Ventris William Fairerer junior Samuell Bedford Robert Audley William Daniell St John Thompson Richard Orlebar John Harvey junior Thomas Christie Matthew Denys Thomas Halpenny Samuell Rhodes Livesay John Wagstaffe William Simcots Nicholas Granger and William Whitebread

Esquires.

For the Towne of Bedford.

The Maior for the time being Thomas Hillersdon Esq William Foster Doctor of Laws Thomas Christie Esq John Beaumont John Hawes Thomas Margetts William Manley Gent William Faldo senior William Becket John Crawley and William Bamforth Aldermen.

For the County of Berks.

The Right Honorable Henry Powle Esq one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill and Speaker of the House of Commons Henry Earle of Sterling Mountague Lord Norris Sir Humphry Forster Sir John Stonehouse Sir Thomas Draper Sir William Rich Sir Henry Winchcombe Sir Thomas Clergis Sir Edmond Fettiplace Sir Henry Henn Sir William Kendrick Sir Edward Read Baronets Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Pye Sir William Craven Sir Thomas Dolman Sir Edward Norris Sir John Hobby Sir Christopher Wren Knights Henry Barker William Whitlock Hen: Nevill Richard Nevill William Cherry Edward Manfield Rich Aldworth Edmond Fettiplace Tanfield Vachell Edmond Pye Henry Kingsmill James Stonehouse Charles Garret John Blagrave Loftis Brightwell Paul Coulton Paul Coulton junior Henry Fairfax James Paul Thomas Pettit James Parrott Edmond Wiseman Henry Heylin Roger Draper Thomas Medlicott John Hobby Edmond Sherwood Richard Southby (1) Tho: Seymour Thomas Tipping John Whitwicke Roger Knight John Topham Will: Jennings Robert Mayott John Verney John Wildman senior John Wildman junior Richard Plumpton Esquires John Randall John Church Alderman Harwood

Thomas Hoard Henry Dew John Fincher Rhillip Weston Robert Leigh Richard Brickenden John Blandie Gentlemen George Blagrave Esquire John Peacock John Dew John Biggs Gentlemen Nathaniel 1 Knight Esq John Edmonds Moses Slate Henry Peacock Edward Read Thomas Read Richard Stevens Gentlemen John Tomkins Alderman Thomas Houlcott Gentleman the Maior of Reading for the time being the Maior of Abington for the time being the Maior of Windsor for the time being the Maior of Wallingford for the time being and the Maior of Newberry for the time being.

For the County of Bucks.

Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Richard Lord Wenman Viscount Tuan in the Kingdome of Ireland Richard Hampden Esq, one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Thomas Wharton Esq Comptroller of their Majesties Household and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Thomas Tyrrell Sir Walter Clarges Baronet Sir Anthony Chester Sir Thomas Proby Sir William Bowyer Sir Ralph Verney Sir William Drake Sir Henry Andrewes Sir Thomas Leigh Sir William Dormer Sir Dennis Hampson Sir Peter Tyrrel Baronets Sir Robert Gayer Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Clayton Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Roger Hill Sir Peter Apsley Sir John Thomson Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Sir James Etheridge Knights William Jephson Thomas Lee John Hampden Edmond Waller Richard Beke William Penn Thomas Hacket John Duncombe of Great Brickhill Owen Norton John Parkhurst Thomas Lewes Senior Robert Lovett Thomas Barringer John Backwell Edward Nicholas Thomas Lewes Edward Umphrevile Thomas Farrer Senior Kmghtley Purefoy Roger Price Thomas Farrer Junior John Wtthwronge Richard Greenvile Budd Ways Bazill Brent Charles Stafford Richard Ingoldsby Christopher Egleton Thomas Egleton Francis Knollis Robert Dormer Edmond Waller of Gregories Joseph Alston Henry Bertye Benjamin Lane Nicholas Salter William Fleetwood Robert Stiles William Busby Joseph Mainard Richard Niccolls Edmond Dorrell Thomas Carter Henry Neale William Farrer Simon Mayne Robert Dormer of Lee Henry Herbert James Herbert John Shalcrosse George Evelin John Haynes Henry Sumner Senior Henry Sumner Junior Richard Atkins Ralph Law&on

1 John South bye O.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

2.7

Charles Tyrrel Edward Bates Thomas Piggot Thomas Beard Thomas Ligoe Edward Baldwin Richard Meade Robert Hart James Tyrrell William Crooke James Chase Senior James Chase Junior Richard Dorrell Stephen Chase Junior Alexander Denton Edmond Verney John Thurbarn Henry Cove Senior Henry Cove Junior Bartholomew Beale Esquires William Hill Senior William Hill Junior John Grubb Richard Plaistow Richard Smith Thomas Smith of Beaconsfield Whitechurch Henry Harris Robert Gainsford Hugh Horton William Cleaver

Thomas Gibson Timothy Doyley John Sparks Richard Barraby senior George Alnott Gentlemen and John Tanner Doctor of Physicke.

For the Towne of Buckingham

The Bayiiffe for the time being Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Ralph Verney Edward Andrewes Edmond Dorrell Esquires Hugh Ethersay George Dancer William Hartley John Rogers and Pelham Sandwell Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Wycombe.

The Maior Aldermen and Bayliffes for the time being William Jephson and Thomas Lewes Esquires.

For the County of Cambridge.

The Right honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Edward Russell Esq, one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Thomas Chichly Knight Sir Christopher Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir Levinus Bennet Sir Henry Pickering Sir Rushout Cullen Sir George Downing Baronets Sir John Cutler Sir Robert Cotton Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Knights John Cotton John Willis John Bennet John Cutts Devereux Martin Phillip Cotton William Russell Granado Pigott Edward Nitingale Samuell Clarke John Millisent William Fortrey Thomas Ducket Thomas Buck John Hagar William Layer senior Thomas Story Edward Leeds Thomas Archer Gilbert Wigmore Humphrey Gardiner Anthony Tompson William Layer junior Charles Baron Thomas Day and Tirrill Dalton Esquires.

For the University and Towne of Cambridge.

The Vice-Chancellor the Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Chichley Knight the Honourable John Mountague Doctor of Divinity Sir Robert Sawyer Knight John Cotton Esq, George Chamberlaine Joseph Beaumont John Coplestone Humphrey Gower Thomas Smolt Doctors of Divinity George Oxenden William Cooke Doctors of the Civill Law Isaac Newton Esquire Samuell Newton Thomas Story John Ewen Thomas Fowles Isaac Watlington Fox John Pepis Aldermen Robert Drake Gent.

For the Isle of Ely.

Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Dotlor Spencer Deane of Ely Sir [Sawster1] Payton Baronet Sir Lyonell Walden Sir William Wren Knights William Cooke William Balaam Henry Hitch Dolors of Civill Law William Colville Thomas Edwards Roger Jenings Thomas Wiseman Everade Buckworth Lawrence Hewer alias Oxborough William March John Pamplin William Fortrey Thomas Steward Malbome Carill John Twelves Robert Mingay Ralph Peirson Thomas Towers Esquires Robert Drake Michaell Beale Gentlemen Robert Swaine Richard Reade Sigismund Trafford Harison Esquires.

For the County of Chester.

Richard Lord Viscount Colchester Sonne and Heire apparent of Thomas Earle Rivers Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire apparent of Charles Earle of Macclesfield Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire apparent of

James Earle of Abington Hugh Lord Viscount Kells in the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Needham Esq, Sir Thomas

Wilbraham Sir Thomas Delves Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Willoughby Aston Sir Thomas Stanley Sir Peter Warburton Sir Thomas Mainwareing Baronets Sir Robert Cotton Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Bellot Sir Richard Brookes Sir Roger Puleston Sir Robert Duckenfield Sir John Werden Baronets Sir Jeffery Shakerley Sir John Trevor Sir John Ardem Sir Philip Egerton Sir John Crew Knights Thomas Delves Thomas Powell Thomas Leigh of Adlington Thomas Cholmondely John Mainwaring Nathaniell Booth Peter Leigh of Lime William Lawton of Lawton Roger Whitley John Warren Peter Leigh of Boothes George Booth George Vernon Richard Lister Thomas Leigh of Demhall Roger Wilbraham Thomas Daniel Richard Leigh Augustin Leigh Thomas Whitley Peter Wilbraham

of Darfold Samuell Davenport William Glegg of Gayton Charles Hurleston Roger Mainwareing William Brocke

John Pickering Joseph Hockenhall William Whitmore Edmond Jodrell William Davenport of Bromhall Thomas Glasier John Brewen John Davenport Samuell Hardware Edward Gregg Thomas Warburton Henry Bradshaw of Marple Thomas Swettenham John Baskervile John Leech John Dod of Broxton Robert Warburton of Grange Lawrence Wright of Mobbarly William Glegg of Grange Richard Wright of Namptwich Samuell Finney John Dod of Highfields John Wright of Brewershall Richard Minshall Thomas Cooper Ralph Lownds and Peter Yates of Midlewich Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Chester.

The Maior for the Time being Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Grosvenor Baronet Sir Peter Pindar Baronet George Booth Roger Whitley John Mainwareing Thomas Whitley Esquires William Streete Thomas Wilcock Richard Wright Henry Lloyd William Ince John Anderson George Mainwareing Peter Edwards Aldermen The Sheriffes of Chester for the time being Edward Wym John Wright Thomas Cooper Richard Minshull Esquires and Richard Bridge Gentleman.

‘ Sewster 0.

V

28

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 1688.

For the County of Cornwall

Charles Lord Landsdowne Sonne and Heire apparent of John Earle of Bath Hugh Boscowen Esq^ one of his Majesties most Honorable Privy Councill Bernard Greenvile Esquire Francis Roberts Esq, Sir Bouchier Wrey Sir John Carew Sir Violl Vivien Sir John Coriton Sir William Godolphin Sir Peter Killigrew Sir Nicholas Slanwen Sir John S' Awbin Sir William Morice Baronets Sir Joseph Tredenham Sir Walter Moile Sir John Molesworth Sir John Cotton Knights Collonell Charles Trelawney Collonell Charles Trevanion Samuell Roll Jonathan Rashleigh Daniell Elliott Henry Trelawney John Buller Senior John Tanner William Scawen John Prideaux Walter Kendall Joseph Sawle Thomas Darrell Nicholas Glin John Vivian Thomas Vivian Francis Vivian Edward Herle John Connock Humphry Nicholls Arthur Fortescue Hugh Fortescue Humphry Courteney Edward Elliott William Mohun John Rashleigh Richard Scoble John Kendall John Gregor James Kendall Charles Trevanian of Goran John Trefry Francis Calmady James Erisey Francis S' Awbin Ambrose Manaton John Speccott John Buller Junior James Prade William Paynter Nicholas Courteney John Bligh Charles Grills Richard Hoblin of Nanswiddon Richard Hoblin of Anteron George Robinson William Bond William Keygwin Francis Paynter John Polwheele Collonell William Godolphin Richard Rilliow Emanuell Piper John Pendarves Alexander Pendarvis Charles Boscawen John Wadden William Harris William Ascott John Tremayne Thomas Achim Samuell Ennis John Vowell Anthony Chenowith William Silley Humphry Burlace Nathaniell Moyle Christopher Billett Alexander Carew Samuel Langeford John Verman Edward Lower Philip Mayow John Arundell of Dulo John Barret of Killigreene Thomas Penhallow Richard Williams of Trewithen John Murth James Bond Nicholas Wills Joseph Moyle Jonathan Trelawney of Coldrennick George Spry Abell French Hugh Jones Edward Knebone Hugh Tonken Henry Vincent Henry Manaton Francis Manaton Shad rack Vincent Walter Vincent Thomas Kelley John Courtney John Hicks of Trevithick Hugh Trevanian William Symons William Bligh Anthony Rous William Corriton Sampson Veale Edmond Philleps John Glyn Charles Trevanion John Hoblin John Nicholls of Trewayne Peter Trevisa Thomas Hawkey Henry Gregor The Maior of Lanceston for the time being The Maior of Bodmyn for the time being The Maior of Lostwithiell for the time being The Maior of

Saltash for the time being The Maior of Liscard for the time being The Maior of Tregoney for the time being

Henry Slade The Maior of Truroe John Tredenham Richard Pendarves of Pendarves Richard Bonithon of Carilne Charles Bonithon Richard Kendall of Madras William Arundell of Maundarva Christopher Barnes John Lampen of

Padride Sampson Hill John Barret of Penquite William Williams of Treworgie John Williams of Trethowa John

Williams of Carvean Jeffery Murth William Hooper Thomas Dodson John Clarke Henry Spoure Richard Moile Charles Kendall Rennell Bawden Jacob Robbins Stephen Robbins Thomas Wadden John Lampen John Foote

William Martin of Killminath William Braddon Reynald Hawkey John Kestell of Kestell Nicholas Kempc of Treasteage

William Hancocke of Hendraw Thomas Hicks of Kerres Nicholas Archer Thomas Herle John Cole William Kechwich Esquires John Pennecke Gentleman Thomas Johnson Francis Arundell and John Keckwynn.

For the County of Cumberland

Charles Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire appearent to Edward Earle of Carlisle Sir John Lowther Baronet One of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Dalston Sir George Fletcher

Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir Wilfred Lawrson Sir Richard Musgrave Baronets Sir John Ballentine Sir

Daniell Fleming Knights Edward Stanley High Shcriffe Henry Fletcher Wilfred Lawson Joseph Huddleston Robert Carleton Thomas Lamplugh Richard Lamplugh Thomas Denton Anthony Hutton Richard Patrickson Christopher Richmond Edward Hassell Miles Pennington William Gilpin Darcy Curwin Leonard Dykes John Senhouse Andrew Huddleston Henry Brougham Henry Salkeld Jeremiah Bubb Henry Fletcher of Tallentire John Punsonby Andrew Whelpdale Esquires William Tory George Sisson John Briscoe Edward Apleby and James Maxwell Gentlemen the Maior of Carlisle for the time being.

For the County of Derby.

The Honourable Anchitell Grey Esquire Sir Thomas Greisley Sir Nathaniell Curson Sir Edw. Coke Sir Philip Gell Sir Henry Every Baronets Sir Simon Degg Knight John Stanhope Willoughby Grey Henry Gilbert Fran Munday John Low of Denbigh Mathew Smith Walter Burdett Henry Keys Paul Jodrell John Osborne Esquires John Home William Right Edmond Winter William Flamsted Gentlemen the Maior of Derby for the time being John Cheshire John Brookhouse Samuell Spaleman Edward Walker Thomas Goodwin Solomon Roberts Aldermen Biron Stanhope Samuell Dolton John Adderly Esquires George Beardsley John Gisborne Joseph Parker Samuell Goodwin John Oldershaw Gentlemen Sir Edward Abney Knight John Coke William Sacheverell Henry Heveningham John Every Henry Every Robert Wilmott Robert Harding Henry Kendall Gilbert Thacker Henry Harper John Allen John Wilkins Samuell Holden Esquires Henry Harpur of Little Over Richard Sales Gent Anthony Chester Walter Horton William Allestrey George Greisley Humphry Jennings George Vernon Henry Cavendish Robert Coke Godfrey Menell Alexander Stanhope Samuell Pole Thomas Browne Thomas Bates Gilbert Munday Nicholas Wilmutt John Burhowes Esquires Doxy of Snelson Samuell Bradshaw Gent Sir William Boothby

Knight and Baronet William Fitzherbert John I>owe of Alderwasle Richard [Loveing ‘J Thomas Milward Robert Mihvard Esquires Peter Browne Francis Bunting Doctor Botham John Stuffin Robert Haywood Gentlemen John Shalcrosse William Eyre Henry Gilbert junior Henry Bolgay Thomas Right John Bullocke Esquires John Right Thomas Bagshaw Benjamin Ashton of Stony Midleton John Calvert James Nailer Gentlemen Sir Paul Jenkinson Baronet Sir Charles Skrimsher Knight Samuell Pierpont Revell Ogston George Sitwell Cornelius 1

1 Leving O.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

29

Clarke Robert Rcvell Robert Moore Daniell Wigfoll John Moorwood Samuell Peg Thomas Gladwin Thomas Eyre Thomas Woohouse Samuell Halloes Esquires the Maior of Chesterfield for the time being Richard Cope Richard Youle John Woodward Aldermen Andrew Clayton John Frogatt George Milward Gentlemen Sir Gilbert Clarke Knight Christopher Ley Robert Ashton John Wilkinson John Smisson Thomas Burley and John Stevinson Gentlemen.

For the County of Devon.

Robert Earle of London Derry in the Kingdome of Ireland the Honourable Edward Russell the Honourable Robert Russell Esquires the Right Honourable Sir John Mainard one of the Commissioners of the Great Seale Sir Edward Seymour Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Francis Drake Sir Ames Pollard Sir [Bauchier1] Wray Sir Courtney Pole Sir Coplestone Bampfild Sir Francis Northcott Sir William Courtnay Sir John Davie Sir Hugh Ackland Sir William Drake Sir John Fowell Sir William Morrice Sir Walter Young Sir Nicholas Slanning Sir Arthur Chichester Sir Henry Carew of Haccomb Baronets Sir John Rolle Knight of the Bath Sir William Waldron Sir William Bastard Sir George Treby Sollicitor Generali Sir Thomas Berry Knights Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Polexfen Knight Attorney Generali George Chudleigh Francis Courtenay Samuell Rolle Richard Duske Thomas Reynele Hugh Bampfield John Clobery Richard Coffin Richard Nent William Spurway of Oakeford Humphrey Prideaux of Solden John Worth Esquires John Bidgood Doctor of Phyaicke Henry Fortescue of Buckland Felley Dennis Rolle of Beame Nicholas Dennis John Cholwich Esquires Henry Stevens Gent Henry Manaton Gideon [Hydon*] Hugh Vaughan William Chaplen Esquires Sir Simon Leech Knight of the Bath Richard Carew of Barley John Northcott of Westwood Bampfield Rodd James Rodd Esquires William Langford of Braddon John Harris of Wortham John Simmonds John Rowe Richard Courtney John Copleston John Bluet Richard Beavis John Burrington John Fry of Yartie Henry Woolcome Thomas Wood Roger Wollacombe Christopher Savery Philip Shapcott Rowland [Whiddon*] Gilbert Yarde Courtney Crocker Arscott Bickford Henry Chichener of Coxleigh John Garland Henry Chichester of Hall Martin Rider Charles Hore John Elwill Richard Lee of Winslade William Coleman Samuell Foote Sebastian Isaac Henry Walrond John Chichester of Widworthy Jonathan Prideaux Thomas Martin Arthur Ackland Charles Boone William Hayne John Battishill John Sanford Jonathan Elford William Fowell William Bragge Sampson Hele Edmond Parker Thomas Drew William Cary of Clonelly Arthur Champernoone Francis Bassett John Roll John Ashfold John Jiffard John Arscott of Tetcott Henry Nortleigh Edward Yard of Churchton Edmond Walrond Arthur Tremayne Rawlin Mallacke John Kelland Arthur Fortescue of Pridlen Francis Fulford Edward Fortescue of Pridlen William Harris of Hayne Richard Shapleigh William Stawell John Quick Hugh Stafford Henry Trelawney John Pole Edmond Prideaux of Ford Edward Lovett John Pollexfenne George Prestwood George Parker Ambrose Manaton Peter Fortescue Thomas Beare Josias Calmady Richard Nutcombe Esquires John Southele Gent James Holway Esq* John Pratt Councellor at Law James Hewish of Sand Edmond Walrond junior Thomas Sampson William Cotton William Toms Merchants John Sprage Doctor of Physicke Robert Hatch John Rose George Musgrave Esquire the Mayor of Plymouth for the time being the Mayor of Bamestable for the time being the Mayor of Bidiford for the time being the Mayor of Totnes for the time being the Mayor of Tiverton for the time being the Mayor of Torrington for the time being the Mayor of Dartmouth for the time being the Mayor of Plimpton for the time being John Hunkin John Kelley Edmond Tremayne Nicholas Rowe James Fortescue James Courtney William Drake of Netherton Elizeus Crymes Thomas Pyne John Fownes John Martin of Chadlewood Thomw Mclluish Ldmond Pollexfen Upton of Pusnique Peter Beavis John

Rose Ellis Battlet senior Thomas Southcott of Hedge end George Southcott Henry Fry William Mercer William Drake of Yarbery John Fortescue George Yeo Thomas Do&on of Do<$lon Gent John Cooke Christopher Mayne.

For the City and County of the City of Exon.

Sir Edward Seymour Baronet Sir Henry Pollexfen Knight his Majestyes Attorney General Sir George Treby Knight his Majestyes Sollicitor Generali the Maior for the time being the Sheriffe for the time being the Receiver for the time being John Tremaine Charles Vaughan Thomas Gibbon Councilors at Law John Bidgood Thomas Waterhouse Edmond Davy Doctors of Physicke John Elwill William Glyde Abraham Trout Andrew Jeoffery Nicholas Brooking John Tucker Richard White Thomas Brooking Andrew Quash Thomas Turner Toby Alleyn Roger Wood Walter Ilolditch Thomas Gould Benjamin Ivy Daniell Ivy Joseph Price Christopher Brodridge Merchants William Sandford Alderman Jasper Radcliffe Merchant Thomas Potter Merchant Thomas Bampfield Barrester at Law Jerome King John Snell Robert Buckland Edward Crosse George Clare Thomas Ford Robert Dabinott Edward Crosse Christopher Mayne Humphry Leigh Christopher Cooke and John Cooke.

For the County of Dorsett.

Sir William Portman Sir John Morton Sir Nathaniell Napper Sir Robert Napper Baronets Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir George Strode Sir Henry Butler Sir Matthew Andrews Knights Tho Freke [Francis4] Strangwaies Francis Lutterell Edward Miller Richard Fownes Robert Freke senior James Long William Okden Robert Coker senior Robert Coker junior William Frampton William Whitaker George Rives Robert Culliford Robert Seymore James Gold Thomas Chafin Thomas Chafe Robert Williams William Strode Thomas Erie Michaell Harvey John Hurding Hugh Hodges William Floyer Robert Browne Henry Constantine William Ettricke George Strangwayes William Bonnett of Shaston John Still John Lawre John Ironsides William Bowles senior Anthony Ettricke John Bowles John Hardey Thomas Greene Thomas Turbervill Senier Bowman Bullen Rames William Churchill Robert

1 Bourchier O. * Haydon 0. M id don O. 4 Thomas O.

i

30

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

Oxenbridge John [Frith1] Robert Erie Francis Mohun Edward [Senillow1] Richard Swaine George Dabeny William Wake Sidnam Baker Richard Brodropp Henry Trenchard Gerrard Napper Thomas Trenchard Henry Henning John Michell William Sydenham Robert Thornhill Charles Brewen Anthony Floyer Richard Newman William Bennet Richard Rose the Maior of Weymouth for the time being the Mayor of Milcome for the time being the Mayor of Lyme Regis for the time being Andrew Tucker Henry Seymore John Eastmond High Sheriffe John Burridge John Hoskins Peter Hoskins Nicholas Hardy Nicholas Browne William Lawrence John Lawrence of Whitechurch the Mayor of Dorchester for the time being William Hull Robert Russell of Kingston-Lacy Arthur Fowkes John Abbington Esquires Sir William Pinsent Baronet Roger Mompesson Edward Seymour and Samuell Rolle Esquires.

For the Towne and County of Poole.

James [Holybread Esquire Moses Durell John Carter Shadrack Beale Moses Durell junior William Phillipps Thomas Smith Thomas Hyde John Pyke Joseph Hopkins George Lewin William Streete John Gigger Denny Smith William Minty and John Jabber Gent.

For the County Palatine of Durham.

Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Ralph Cole Sir Thomas Lyddell Sir James Clavering Sir Robert Eden Sir Marke Milbanks Sir William Blacket Sir William Chater Baronets Sir Ralph Carr Sir William Bowes Knights Henry Lambton Christopher Vane John Tempest William Lambton Robert Bierley George Morland Henry Lyddell William Forster George Baker Cuthbert Carr Lyonell Vane John Hilton Francis Bowes William Tempest John Davison Frevill Lambton George Vane William Davison Ralph Bates William Turner John Clavering Lyonell Maddison Esquires Robert Carr John Rogers Gentlemen Robert Jennison Esquire Robert Ellison Gent. Richard Midleton John Sidgwicke Esquires Francis Nicholls Thomas Wright Gentlemen William Carr Joseph Carr John Carr Richard Carr Marmaduke Allenson William Blacket John Hall Edward Shipperdson William Paxton William Grieveson John Elstob John Widdefield Thomas Bowser James Cooke William Lee George Crosier William Fawcett William Ettricke Ralph Holmes Anthony Salvin Simon Peacocke Robert Lamb Cuthbert Saunderson Sir James Tillie William Garth Thomas Watson Abraham Hilton James Mickleton William Hutchinson Peter Marley John Dale William Johnson Ralph Gowland William Atkinsen Gentlemen Marke Shaftoe Rowland Place John Middleton Esquires Thomas Lyddell William John Johnson Robert Dixon Thomas Sanderson George Roper the Mayor of Durham for the time being Stephen Thompson Henry Wanley William Wilkenson William Wilson Nathaniell Midleton.

For the West Riding of the County of Yorke.

William Lord Eland Eldest Sonne to the Marquesse of Halhfax William Lord Pawlett Second Sonne to the Marquesse of Winchester Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Peregrine Lord Viscount Dunblaine Eldest Sonne to the Earle of Danby George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Lord Clifford Eldest Sonne to the Earle of Burlington Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Sidney Wortley Mountague Esquire Henry Dawney Henry Fairfax Esquires Sir Richard Maliverer Sir Henry Goodricke Sir Thomas Armitage Sir John Kaye Sir John Reresby Sir John Ingleby Sir John Bland Sir Henry Cooke Sir Lyonell Dilkinton Sir John Tempest Sir Edmond Winne Sir William Franckland Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Edward Blacket Sir Henry Slingsby Sir John Cutler Baronets Sir Thomas Yarbrough Sir Gervase Cutler Sir John Hewley Sir Edmond Jennings Sir Ralph Knight Sir Michaell Wentworth Sir Jonathan Jennings' Sir Patience Ward Sir Thomas Hodson Knights Christopher Tanckred Rohert Bierly John Ramsden of Biram Welbury Norton William Palmes Henry Lyddaii Thomas Frankland John Knight Francis Nevill Denzell Onslow Walter Calverley John Savile William Lowther senior John Bradshaw Francis Foulgham Thomas Vincent John Beilby Henry Thompson Thomas Yarbrough of Campsall Henry Stapilton Arthur Ingram Thomas Fairfax of [Measton4] William Stockdale Inglebert Leeds William Ellis Charles Osbourne William Vavasour Christopher Lister Cerill Arthington Christopher Adams John Goodricke Matthew Boynton Roger Portington John Garland Francis White John Lister Ralph Lowther Miles Staveley Richard Beaumont of Whitley Henry Edmonds Thomas Fawks Henry Hitch William Roundell Henry Layton Robert Baines John Stanhope Thomas Parker Thomas Dodson Ambrose Pudsey John Gill John Hatfield Cuthbert Wade William Johnson Lyonell Copley John Farrer John Batty and Brian Sunderland Esquires George Fothergill Gentleman William Beckwith John Harris Richard Witton Esquires Thomas Craven Gentleman Jonathan Jennings John Ashton Richard. Redmaine Thomas Rookby Thomas Hestletine Richard Sterne Richard Thornton Simon Sterne Christopher Wilkinson George Cooke Thomas Yorke Thomas Horton William [Womball5] Jasper Blythman Godfrey Bosvile Francis Jessop John Lambert John Hanby William Ingram John Eastoft John Ramsden of Hatfield Richard Shuttleworth Robert Mitford Esquires Wilfrid Lawson John Preston Gentlemen John Rooke Thomas Kirke William Norton Esquires John Atkinson Robert Inman Gentlemen Jervase Nevill Esquire Robert Midgeley Gentleman Richard Staines Esqs John Warren Richard Cholmley Richard Roads Gentlemen Tobyas Harvey John Lister of Bawtry Thomas Lee John Copley Esquires Edmond Barker John Wivell Michaell Wharton of Bawtry Stephen Wilks Gregory Godfrey Copley James

Greenwood Richard Netleton Gentlemen Franke of Campsall Thomas Waterhouse Francis Wheatley William

Simpson Henry Wood Andrew Howden Andrew Wilkinson Gentlemen The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Pontefract for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Doncaster for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Rippon for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Leeds for the time being.

For the North Rideing of the County of Yorke.

Charles Earle of Wiltshire eldest Sonne to the Marquesse of Winchester John Viscount Downe of the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Bernard Greenvile Phillip Darcie Esquires Sir

‘ Fith O.

" Seintlow O.

• Halybread O.

4 Menston O.

5 Womb well O.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

31

Marmaduke Wivell Sir Thomas Gower Sir William Strickland Sir David Fowlis Sir Bryan Stapleton Sir William Frankland Sir John Lowther Sir Watkinson Payler Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Caley Sir Thomas Penny man Sir Christopher Wandesford Sir John Hotham Sir Edward Blacket Sir John Brookes Sir William Chater Sir Marke Milbanke Sir Henry Slingsby Baronets Sir John Hewley Sir Henry Bellasise Sir William Ascough Sir Barrington Bourchier Knights Thomas Frankland George Marwood William Palmes Thomas Yorke William Thompson George Smithson Francis Wivill Robert Walters Roger Croft John Wastell John Hutton Cornelius Caley John How Thomas Croft Edward Hutchinson Charles Tankred Francis Thompson William Robinson John Trotter Leonard Smelt Thomas Harrison Anthony Lowther Timothy Manleverer Thomas Worsley William Metcalfe Thomas Waite Henry Crosland Thomas Lassells Richard Staines Daniell Lassells Thomas Wakefield William Chaloner Francis Hall Edward Thompson John Hill junior Thomas Gower John Hopton James Mountaine Luke Robinson Thomas Pulleine Esquires John Beverley John Peers Roger Covell Leonard Hartley Benjamin Purchas Edward Place William Davill Philip Prince Robert Lumley James Conyers William Kitchinman Robert Bell George Norton Stephen Driffield Thomas Langley senior Thomas Jackson of Nunnington Towers Driffield Metcalfe [Meddell'] Esquire Robert [Bushell1] Mathew [ThomlinsonJ] Christopher Piercy Hay of Malton Timothy Ford Will: Saunders Ralph Porter Will: Robinson John Robinson senior Guy Butler William Fairside junior Paul Bailey John Cockrill senior Robert Burton William Stoope Roger Lee Thomas Pearson Timothy Portington Stephen Thompson the Maior and Aldermen of Richmond for the time being the Bayliffes of Scarbrough for the time being Mathew [Swails4] and John Robinson of Easby.

For the East Rideing of the County of Yorke.

Charles Lord Clifford eldest Sonne to the Earl of Burlington Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland George Dawney Esquire Sir Francis Boynton Sir William Strickland Sir Watkinson Payler Sir John Kay Sir Thomas Rudston Sir John Legard Sir John Hotham Sir Henry St. Quintin Baronets Sir William Cobb Sir Ralph Wharton Sir Michaell Wharton Sir Mathew Pearson Sir James Bradshaw Sir Jonathan Atkins Sir Richard Osbaldeston Sir John Hewley Knights Tobias Jenkins senior Tobias Jenkins junior Robert Bucke John Lister Charles Hilliard William Osbaldeston William Thompson Francis Thompson John Hotham John Ramsden William Gee Henry Thompson Will. Boynton Henry Guy Will: Bethell Rich: Thompson senior Richard Thompson junior John Stapleton William St Quintin James Moyser John Moyser Thomas Hesketh William Bethell James Heblethwaite Richard Remington Collonell Allured Thomas Alured Thomas Langley Edward Bernard Mathew Apleyard Robert Hollis John Eastoft Ingolby Daniell William Headlam Bernard Lister Ralph Warton Charles Warton Robert Pricket Benjamin Overton Robert Moun6lon Edward Bower John Pearson Ralph [Hutton5] Esquires the Mayor of Hull for the time being the Mayor of Beverley for the time being the Mayor of Heddon for the time being Robert Mason Philip Wilkinson Henry Maisters Robert Carlisle William Leake and John Milner Gentlemen.

For the City of Yorke and County of the fame.

The Lord Mayor Aldermen and Sheriffes for the time being Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Peregrine Lord Viscount Dunblaine of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland George Pricket Esquire Recorder Sir Henry Goodrick Sir John Brooks [Baronet6] Sir John Hewly Sir Stephen Thompson Knights Thomas [Rookley7] John Baines Henry Stapleton William Roundell Thomas Hutton Thomas Hasletine Henry Watkinson Doctor of Laws Henry Squire Esquires Philip Prince Thomas Benson Thomas Moseley Roger Shakelton Andrew Perrot Richard Reynald Thomas Nisbet Francis Duckworth and William Thompson.

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull.

The Maior Aldermen and Sheriffe of the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull for the time being the Wardens of the Trinity House for the time being Robert Legard Robert Hollis Esquires Marke Kerby Will: Carlton John Blandshard Anthony Iveson Richard Ellis Richard Gray William Catlin Capt Ripley Gilead Gouge William Idelle William Hall Thomas Harrison Henry Lambert Thomas Tomlin Robert Lemmon Gentlemen William Smith John Browne Erasmus Darwin George Crowle Lyonell Buckle Gentlemen.

For the County of Essex.

The Honourable Robert Bertie Banister Mainard Richard Barret Ralph Grey and William Mainard Esquires Sir

John Bendish Sir William Appleton Sir Benjamin Ay Ioffe Sir Samuell Grimston Sir William Hicks Sir Francis Masham Sir Andrew Jenner Sir Thomas Nitingale Sir Richard Everard Sir William Luckin Sir Martin Lumley Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Anthony Abdy Sir John Abdy Sir Thomas Darcy Sir Jervas Elwes Sir Benjamin Wright Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Luckin Sir Edward Smith Sir Thomas Garrard Sir Robert Smith Sir Charles Tyrrell Sir William Barker Sir John Dyer Sir Josiah Childe Sir Peter Soame Baronets Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir William Holcroft Sir Henry Clarke Sir Thomas Fanshaw Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Robert Barrington Sir Edward Turner Sir Edward Farmer Sir Thomas Midleton Sir Mark Gyon Sir John Marshall Sir Samuell Husbands Sir John Sudbury Sir Benjamin Thorowgood Sir John Sparrow Knights Henry Mildmay John Wroth John [Lemoth"] Honywood William Peeke Samuell Wiseman Anthony Brampston Thomas Waldegrave Charles Montague Erasmus Smith Thomas Meade Robert Clarke John Symonds Thomas Abdy Francis Harvey alias Mildmay Thomas Dawtree Alexander Prescott William Pert Collonell John Cutts Henry Ayloffe John Eldred Samuell Reynolds Isaac Rebow

» Weddell O. 3 Lutton 0.

« Bushshel O. * Baronets 0.

3 Tomlinson 0. 7 Kookeby 0.

4 Smailes 0. Lcmot 0.

32

v4.Z).1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

William Clopton John Barrington William Beaumont William Poley John Raymond Junior William Glascock John Fanshaw Thomas Harlackenden Bowes John Tyndell Edward Bullocke Thomas Luther John Luther Thomas Gardiner Samuell Hare Brabazon Aylmer Thomas Weely William Gore Henry Glascock William Palmer Cuthbert Martin William Nutt William Harvey Roger James Giles Dent [Mandiford1] Brampston Francis Bradbury Andrew Searle John Godbold John Pennington William Lingwood William Kendall Timothy Felton Thomas Barrington John Cox William Mott senior John Shaw William Webb John Cooke John Greene Nicholas Cursellis Ralph Creffield Nathan Wright Esquires Samuell Gibbs senior Samuell Gibbs junior Robert Cole Edward Rudge Thomas Cullum George Gent Hayns Barley Thomas Argali William Herns Edward Thorowgood John Hayns Thomas Greene John Josceline Jacob Lynne Samuell Warner Edward Husbands Robert Barwell junior William Vernon Archer Neale Lorky John Bennet Gentlemen John Conyers William Atwood John Rotheram

Esquires John [Larkin *] Gentleman William Scott Lewis Prescott Christopher Grange Westeme Godfrey

Woodward Samuell Trotman Sigismund Trafford Esquires James Clement Gentleman Nathaniell Lawrence and John Edwards Esquires.

For the Burrough of Mauldcn.

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir John Bramston Knight of the Bath High Steward Sir Thomas Darcy Baronet Charles Mountague Esquire Anthony Brampston Esquire Mundiford Brampston Esquire Recorder John Matthews Phillip Railing John Cockrell, Samuell Pond John Pond Thomas Horsenail Alderman Will: Carr Towne-Clerke William Vernon John Stevens John Brickwood Thomas Coe senior Peter Robjent Ezekiell Finch Thomas Stace Henry May John Strait and Thomas Stevens

For the Burrough of Colchester.

The Mayor for the time being Sir John Shaw Knight Serjeant at Law John Eldred Esquire Samuell Renolds Isaac Rebow John Shaw William Mott senior William Moote Francis Wheeler William Mott junior Esquires John Rayner John Milbanke John Rebow William Boyse Abraham Hedgethome Thomas Russe John Scarlett Joseph Thurston John Potter Mathew Ive John King John Tatem Jacob Tayspill John Savill Thomas Mun and Robert Moore Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of Harwich.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Thomas Midleton Knight John Eldred Esquire Thomas Langley John Rolph Robert Seaman John Browne William Garrard Daniell Smith Charles Smith Aldermen John Philips Thomas Bradshaw John Westbrowne Robert Lane Henry Munt Henry Cole and William Wood.

For the County of Gloucester.

The Earle of Newburg of the Kingdome of Scotland William Lord Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland, the Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill and Speaker of the House of Commons Sir Robert Atkins senior Sir Henry Capell one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir James Rushout Sir Richard Cox Sir William Kite James Thinn Esq^ Benjamin Baron Richard Dowdswell George Pitt Richard Freeman John Marriott Charles Dowdswell John Parsons of Kemerton John Delabier William Bagget John Carter William Gardiner Esquires Henry Coxwell William Dewy Thomas Janes Henry Collet David Warren Anthony Lawrence James Simpson Henry Criswill Danvers Hodges Esquire Richard Holford Charles Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire apparent to the Duke of Beaufort Charles Lord [Dussey3] Robert Cherington Nathaniell Stephen Thomas Veale Esquires Sir Gabrieli Lowe Sir Thomas Stephens Thomas Hodges Walter Escott Esquires John Browning of Coley Esquire Samuell Trotman Sir Ralph Dutton Baronet John Howe John Coxwell Esquires William Hall Robert Vessey Gentlemen Andrew Barker Robert Pleadwell George Hanger of Griffell Esquires Robert Oterige Gent Thomas [Maiesters4] Brierton Bourcher Richard How Thomas Smith Thomas Horton Miles Sands Phillip Sheppard Esquire Thomas Ridler Thomas Stephens Jonathan Castleman Lionell Rich of Rich Dodswell Esquires Peachy of Shipton Edward Stephens Nathaniell Driver Paul [Dodwell5] Thomas Rutter Esquires Sir Fleetwood Dormer Cornway Whethorne Thomas Haile Ayleworth of Ayleworth Esq Sir Duncombe Colchester George

Bond Esquire Sir Charles Winter John Hickford James Stephens of Clowenvaile Mainard Colchester Thomas Perke William Maddox William Wall Thomas Foley Rice Yeates William Bayley George Loyd James Mitchell William Try John Ashfield Thomas Chester Esquires Sir John Fust Sir John Newton Thomas Wise Esq^ Edward Warner Gent. William Knife John Smith Edward Smith Esquires Sir Richard Hart Sir Thomas Ken Richard Jones of Hannan John Meredith Esquires Sir Sam. Astrey Thomas Burtnell Esqs Thomas Chester John Dowle Charles Hart Esq^ Edward Mountague Charles Hancocke William Pansfoote Thomas Browne John Parkhurst Reginald Pindar William Winter Samuell Dobbins Michaell Beale Esquires Simonds Sir John Guise William Cooke Edward Cooke John Guise

William Selwin Rowland Wood William Try Henry Norwood William Lawrence John Powell Henry Brett John Cox William Scudimore William Hodges Esquires Sir Robert Atkins Baldwin Christopher Mountague Edmond

Chamberlaine and Miles Beale Gent.

For the City and County of the City of Gloucester.

The Mayor for the time being Master William Hodges Alderman Norwood Alderman Gettings Alderman Rogers Alderman Browne Alderman Sowell John Powell Esq, Rich. Wintell Sir Will. Gregory Recorder Master Thomas [Loyd6] Master George [Loyd6] Sir Duncomb Colchester William Cooke Esquire William Jordan Gent.

1 Mondiford O. 4 Masters O.

tt Lorkin O.

' Dowdswell O.

s Dusley 0. * Floyd O.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

33

For the County of Hereford.

The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill and Speaker of the House of Commons John Lord Viscount Scudamore of Sligo in the Realme of Ireland the Honourable Chambre Brabazon Esquire Sir Bernabas Scudamore Sir John Morgan Sir Herbert Croft Sir John Hoskins Baronet Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Job Charleton Knight Sergeant at Law Sir John Erule Sir Thomas Hambury Sir John Barnaby Sir Francis Winnington Knights Sir William Gregory Sergeant at Law Sir Thomas Duppa Sir John Williams Knights Thomas Coningsby of Hampton Court William Fines Pauli Foley Robert Harley Thomas Price John Birch John Dutton Colt James Morgan John Scudamore of Kenchurch Thomas Cornwall of Stepleton Thomas Harley of Kinsham Ambrose Scudamore Richard Reed senior Richard Reed junior Herbert Westfailing Thomas Cockes Edward Iiopton Robert Cornwall Edward Cornwall William Dansey senior William Dansey junior John Arnold Charles Baldwin John Williams Richard Williams of Cabalva Edward Litleton Uvedale Tomkins Robert Chaplin Thomas Foley senior Thomas Foley junior James Gregory John Booth of Letton John How Jeremy Bubb Edward Jackson Younger Cooke Robert Dobbins Robert Minors William Wintour William Lambe John Nourse Robert Price Marshall Bridges Richard Barnaby of Brockhampton Ferdinando Gorges Thomas Howorth Robert Paine James Loyd of the Moore Sandis Lechmore John Parry of Dulas Thomas Delahay Richard Kidley Esquires Bennet Hoskins of Bonithan William Gwillim of Langstone William Bridges of Colwall Tomkins of Bredwell John Phillips John Waksome

Samuell Birch Gentlemen Martin Sandis Anthony Rowden John Booth of Brainton John Powell of the While Francis Baskervile of Eardisley Thomas Wigmore Richard Archer John Kirlie John Goodier Esquires Thomas Owen of Little Broynton William Brome Thomas Carpenter Richard Skipp William Bissell James Woodhouse of Woodhouse Essex Sherborne Francis Woodhouse Henry Lyett Humphry Mayo John Woolrich John Fletcher Francis Geers John Kidley John Hereford of Hom-Lacy James Westfailing John Carver of Upton James Walwin Richard Clarke John Hereford of [Safton1] Daniell Kerry Peter Smith and John Smith of Homer Gentlemen.

For the City of Hereford.

The Mayor for the time being John Lord Viscount Scudamore of Sligo in the Realme of Ireland Sir William Gregory Knight Serjeant at Law Paul Foley Herbert Westfailing Thomas Price Esquires Robert Simonds Thomas Panard Abraham Seaward Thomas Matthews Richard [Waddely2] Hugh Rodd Aldermen (* *) Thomas Clarke senior Thomas Clarke junior Edward Rodd John Williams senior John Williams junior James Price John Abrahall Richard Gower Edmond Weever Theophilus Alley Richard Poole and Thomas Church Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of Lempster.

The Bayliffe for the time being Thomas Conningsby John Dutton Colt Edward Harley Esquires William Bach Edward Bangham James Powle John Jenings John Powle John Alured John Williams Thomas Hardwick Henry Steward Robert Ford and Isaac Tomkins Gentlemen.

For the County of Hertford.

Sir Henry Capell one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir William Egerton Sir Samuell Griinston Sir John Garrard Sir Richard Francklin Sir John Austen Sir Robert Jocelin Sir William Leman Sir John Brograve Sir William Cowper Sir Jonathan Keat Sir Richard Anderson Sir Edmond Anderson Sir Thomas Pope Blount Sir Edward Seabright Sir John Reed Sir John Wittewrong Baronets Sir Francis Boteler Sir John Gore Sir Humphry Gore Sir Charles Cesar Sir Ralph Ratcliffe Sir Thomas Bide Sir William Litton Sir John Bucknell Sir Robert Marsham Knights George Churchill Robert Austen William Gore John Gore Ralph Gore Thomas Halsey John Plummer John Cooke William Mounson Ralph Freeman senior Ralph Freeman junior Robert Elwayes Francis Floyer Edward Chester Richard Hale Andrew Fountaine Thomas Shatterden Thomas Priestley Thomas Atkins Israeli Mayo Edward Briscoe senior Edward Briscoe junior William Briscoe Thomas Aram Gilbert Hoo-Keat George Hadley James Witterong John Stedman John Charlton Thomas Monk William Cowper John Eddowes William Emerton Henry Guy Esquires Marmaduke Rawden William Edmonds Anthony Farrington Thomas How John Fotherly Josua Lomax Robert Robotham John Gape senior John Gape junior Lewis Mountgomery Henry Childc Thomas Arris Thomas Ellis Thomas Saunders John King Richard Hutchinson Edmond Smith Richard Helder Barrington John Carpenter William Allen Edward Seymour George Nodes George Nedham Thomas Nicholas of Bushey Thomas Stone Ralph Wingate William Martin Robert Bird Bird of Mattox Richard Warren

and Thomas Lomax the Mayor of Hertford for the time being the Mayor of St Albans for the time being.

For the Burrough of St. Alban*'.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Samuell Grimston Baronet Sir Thomas Pope Blount Baronet Sir John Witterong Baronet Anthony Farrington Serjeant at Law Recorder George Churchill Thomas Halsey Thomas Ellis James Witterong Thomas Arris Joshua Lomax John Gape junior Lewis Montgomery Esquires John Gape senior John New Stephen Adams and Thomas Crosfield Aldermen.

For the County of Huntingdon.

Robert Mountague Esq^ Sidney Wortley Esquire Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Proby Sir John Hewet Sir Robert Bernard Baronets John Conyers John Dryden [Charles4] Cesar Edward Harby Richard [Nailour5] John Bigg Anthony Hammon John Ferrar James Torkinton John Pocklington [William Nailour5] Philip Storey John Ince Robert PuIIeyn

» Saston 0. • Wadely 0.

* Aarles 0.

5 Richard Williams 0. * Nailiour 0.

K

34

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 1688.

Charnock Heron Richard Drury Esquires Richard Winde Robert Throgmorton Robert Clerfce James Wright Thomas Wright Nathaniell Nicholls Doctor of Physicke Edward Mason William Fuller Richard Hattey Edward Checkley Gilbert Faun Gentlemen The Mayor of Huntingdon for the time being.

For the County of Kent.

The Honourable Henry Sidney Esc^ one of His Majestycs most Honourable Privy Councill the Honourable Sir Vere Fane Knight of the Bath the Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esq^ the Honourable Sackvile 'Fulton Esq^ the Honourable Lewis Watson Esqs the Honourable Heneage Finch Esq^ Sir William Twisden Baronet Sir Henry Palmer Sir Edward Deering Sir John Knatchbull Sir Oliver Butler Sir Basill Dixwill Sir John Reney Sir Robert Hales Sir Stephen Lennard Sir Humphry Miller Sir John Marsham Sir William Honeywood Sir Thomas Pierce Sir John Banks Sir Nathaniell Powell Sir John Austin Sir Thomas Selliard Sir Anthony Aucher Baronets Sir James Oxenden Knight and Baronet Sir John Darrell Sir Thomas Culpeper Baronet Sir William Swan Sir Robert Filmore Sir George Curtis Sir Charles Bickerstaffe [Knights '] Sir Thomas Stiles Baronet Sir Henry Boswell Knight Sir John Shaw [Knight*] Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet Sir Roger Twisden Sir Thomas [Robarts3] the Lieutenant of Dover Castle Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Robert [Faune4] Sir Nicholas [Toke5] Sir George Chute Sir Thomas Culpeper Knight Sir Robert Marsham Knight Sir Charles Sidley Sir Charles Sidley of Cinquecleare Sir James Hayes Knight Sir Thomas Taylour Baronet Sir John Leigh (6) Sir John Cutler Knights Christopher Vane Robert Smith Esquires Thomas Fane Edward Hales Thomas Knatchbull William Watton Esquires Sir George Rivers Baronet Charles Amhurst Jeffery Amhurst Janies Masters of Votes Thomas Rider William Campion Caleb Banks Phillip Butler John Leech Esquires Robert Lewkner William de Lane John Kitclu.ll Thomas Harlack^nden William Boyse of Hawkhurst William Henden Robert Austen Esquires Robert Craford James [Maisters7] of Langden Walter Breames Herbert Randolph John Boyse John Thurbon William llammon James [Chidwick8] William Kingsley junior Christopher Mills Henry Thornhill Esqs William Brockman William Brockman of Cheriton John Crumpe Thomas Moyle Thomas Papillon Thomas Munns Francis Bathurst James Bunce George Petty William Selby George Paulhill John Hyde Major Gibbons Robert Gibbon John Cooke William Hugesson Nicholas Cooke Captaine Thomas Osborne James Herbert Ralph Buskin John Brewer John [Parker9] John Dalliston Edward Gulston Reynald Peckham William Cage Nicholas Miller John Wilkenson William Andrews Richard Godden John Knatchbull Thomas Scott William Honeywood George Sayers Vice Chamberlaine to her Majestie the Queene Dowager Gerard Gore John Lemott Honeywood Leonard Diggs Julius Deeds Thomas [Gomelton,0] John Sherman Christopher Deering Esquires Vincent Denn Serjeant at Law George Elcock William Jacob Doctor of Physicke Henry Oxenden Richard Oxenden John Mitchell Captaine Pettit of Thannet Moses Napleton Herbert Palmer Wortley Whorwood Collonell Henry Lee John Whitfield Henry Godden Charles Bargrave William Courtopp Robert Heath John Evelin Esquires Sir John Mordant Baronet Edward Austen William Lambert William Ash George Gifford Francis Farnaby Ralph Petly William Swan John Buggins Robert Austen junior James Codd Alexander Culpeper Samuell Flower Daniell White John [Cripp"] Roger Payne Thomas Godfrey George [Roope11] Edward Nutt Henry Marsh Jeffrey Boise Edward Boise Samuell Shaw John Cason John Cooke Thomas Hales senior Thomas Hales junior Esqs Georges Curteis Esqs George Maplesden Charles Courtopp Gentlemen Thomas Turner Adrian of Byfronce John Fotherby Francis Barrell Thomas Selyard Christopher

Allison Henry Sandys Percivall Hart Edward Manning Edward Brent Fortrey Edward Grace of Eltham

Creshell Draper Edward King Thomas Giffard Edward Bettison Edmond Tuke the Mayors of Rochester and Maidstone for the time being John Bloome Charles Fagg Gent Sir Joseph Williamson John Culpeper Esquire Thomas Meredith Gent Humfry Stiles Gent William Day of Feversham William Allen of Fever sham Hulse of

Bethersden Gentlemen George Withwickc Thomas Withwicke Thomas Brett of Wye William Brett of Kenington Gent Captaine Edward Manley of Woldham John Hogg senior John Bryan of Rochester Gent John Moise of Rochester the Jurates of Maidston being Justices of Peace.

For the City and County of Canterbury.

The Mayor of Canterbury for the time being Vincent Denne Esquire Serjeant at Law Recorder Sir William Honeywood Baronet Sir Anthony Aucher Knight and Baronet Sir Edward [Maisters13] Knight Henry Lee Thomas Godfrey John Cason William Kingsley junior Herbert Randolph Esquires William Jacob Doctor in Physicke Taylor Doctor of Law John Whitfield William Watson Gentlemen Thomas Fidge Thomas Knoller Nicholas Nicolson Thomas Guilbert Squire Bennerton and Henry Gibbs Aldermen.

For the Towne and Port of Sandwich.

The Mayor for the time being Sir James Oxenden Knight and Baronet John Thurborne Esq> Jeffery Wells Jeffery Sacket Thomas Wheeler Edward Elsted Edward Fellowes William Maundy John Moore Samuell [Ferrer14] Peter Nowell John Jekin Jeremiah Kelly and John Wheeler junior.

For the Towne and Port of Dover.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Basill Dixwell Baronet Thomas Papillon Esqs Captaine William Stokes Doctor John Goulder George West William Richards John Bullock Nicholas Cullen senior Thomas Scott Edward Wivell Edward Francklin Jurats Nathaniell Denew John Matson Frederick de [Unick15] Robert Jacob Thomas Raworth John Ford Charles Johnson William Eaton and Phillip Yorke.

* Knight O.

5 Tooke 0.

'•* Packer O.

13 Masters 0.

* Baronet O.

6 Knight O.

10 Gamelton O. 14 Ferrier O.

3 Roberts O. i Masters O. " Cripps O. M Vinck 0.

4 Faunce 0.

8 Chadwick 0. Rooke 0.

i

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

For the Towne and Port of Romney.

The Mayor for the time being John Brewer James Chadwick Esquires Peter Lancaster John Mascall Richard Baker John Chalker Thomas Durant and John Hunt Jurates.

For the Town and Port of Hyeth.

The Mayor for the time being Edward Hales Julius Deeds Esquires Robinson Beane Henry Deeds William Browne Elias Basset and John Clement Jurates.

For the Towne of Fordwitch.

The Maior for the time being Samuell Short France Joll John Pilcher John Bix Jurates.

For the Towne of Feversham.

The Mayor for the time being Charles Kenrick Esq^ Thomas Napleton Thomas Knoller John Marsh Thomas Waterman and Joseph Edwards, Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Folkeston.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Basill Dixwell Baronet Captaine William Jenkin Miles Jacob Thomas Fagg and Gibbon Lad.

For the Towne of Lyd.

Julius Deeds Henry Wynn Esquires John Bateman Humphry Lee Thomas Godfrey and Nicholas Dine.

For the Town of Tenterden.

The Mayor for the time being Robert Austin Esquire Sir George Chute Elhaman Tucker Kemuell Tucker James Skeates and Robert Wightwicke Gent

For the County Palatine of Lancaster-

Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby Sonne and Heire apparent to Robert Earle of Lindsey and Chancellor of the Dutchy Richard Lord Colchester eldest Sonne and Heire apparent to Thomas Earle Rivers Charles Lord Brandon eldest Sonne and Heire apparent to Charles Earle of Maclesfield The Honourable James Stanley the Honourable Hugh Willoughby Sir Charles Houghton Sir Edmond Ashton Sir Ralph Ashton Sir Thomas Stanley Sir Richard Standish Baronets The Honourable Fitton Gerrard Esqv Sir Edward [Chesenall *] Sir Daniell Fleming Knights Peter Leyh Peter Bold Thomas Norris Roger Nowell Edward Fleetwood Henry Farrington James Holt Roger Kirby Thomas Preston Curwen Rawlinson Lawrence Rawstem Robert Parker Thomas Ashurst James Duckenfeild Christopher Parker Thomas Braddill Edward Osbaldstone Richard Fleetwood Thomas Hesketh Richard Brooke Christopher Banister Thomas Richardson High Sheriffe Alexander Butterworth Thomas Greenhalgh John Horwood John Birch of Ordshall Josuah Horton John Hartley Benjamine Houghton Alexander Rigby of Layton John Starkey Ralph Longworth Alexander Midleton John Warren Richard Howorth Esquires James Marsden Thomas Ainsworth Roger Sharpies Richard Ashton of Cureden Thomas Rigby of Rigby William Halton John Aston John Risley Edward Ogle George Pigott Henry Rigley James Lightbuund John Braddill Nicholas Townley Edward Wilson of Pkrkhouse William Kirby William Knipc Roger More Thomas Lacy Thomas Holden Joseph Yeates Stephen Radley James Cheatam of Turton James Cheatam of Smedley Christopher Wilkinson Anthony Parker Roger Kenion Stephen Alcock Thomas Mort Thomas Dodd Thomas Patten Silvester Richmond Thomas Cole Thomas Bretherton Maudsley of Maudsley Esquires James Marsden Cuthbert Holland Andrew Dandy

George Sharpies James Loud Jeffery Roby Thomas Clayton Richard Houghton of Lea Thomas Wilson Ralph Livesey Thomas ^Sclater*] Jonathan Blackbourne George Sorocold John Launders Richard Percivall John Wright Henry Latham John Case James Ashton Thomas Cooke John Hopwood junior Thornes Percivall Josuah Nuttall Martin Willis William Apleton Thomas Grantham Thomas Bradshaw Joseph Hudleston William Fleming John Sawry Samuell Sands Miles Sands John Copley Joseph Fletcher William Hutton Robert Atkinson William Mollineux Nathaniell Mollineux Thomas Rigby of Appull George Allenson John Widdowes William Hulme Alexander Ratcliffe William Blackburne James Holland Thomas Bigland Edmond Taylor Robert Burley George Derbyshire Henry West John Lower Robert Halliwell Gentlemen The Mayor and Bayliffes of Lancaster for the time being John Foster Walter Frost Henry Jones Randolph Hunter John Hodshon William Penny Josuah Partington William Greenwood the Mayor and Bayliffes of Preston for the time being Thomas Hodgkinscn George Addison Roger Suddell William Patten John Roberts Gentlemen The Mayor Aldermen and Bayliffes of Wiggan for the time being Thomas Mort William Bancks William Daniell Edward Herle Bertie Entwistle Esquires The Steward of Newton for the time being Sir John Chuchley Knight Francis Chombly Sergeant Esquires George Legh Gent

The Bayliffes of Clithero for the time being John Lister Arthur Ashton Edmond Robinson Robert Slayter Gent The Mayor and Bayliffes of Liverpoole for the time being James Prescott William Williamson Richard Windell Aldermen Peter Asherton and Alexander Norris Gentlemen.

For the County of Leicester.

William Palmer Esq^ High Sheriffe of the County Thomas Lord Beaumont of the Kingdome of Ireland Bonnet Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir William Villers Sir Thomas Heslerig Sir Beaumont Dixie Sir

1 Chisiull O.

• Slayter O.

36

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

Thomas Halford Sir Henry Hudson Sir Thomas Beamount Sir John Noell Baronets Sir Andrew Noell Knight John Cooke Esq, Philip Sherrard Jeffery Palmer Richard Lister seni°r John Delafountaine John Verney Thomas Boothby William Boothby William Hartopp Thomas Babington John Bennet Thomas Caldecote William Cole Samuell Cotton Thomas [Pochim1 ] William Streete William Whalley Stanhop Whalley Esquires Roger Roe George Pochin Christopher Packe Henry Hastings Esq Mathew Johnson Jeremy Done William Franke George Hewet junior Richard Brudnell Esq Edward Needham [Natham J] Wright Samuell Danvers Esq Francis Needham John Needham Richard Bradgate William Bainbrigge Lawrence Carter Edward Conyers Edward Hudson Esq Edward Smith Esq Rowland Browne John Benskin Roger Smith Esq William Heiricke Richard Lister junior Esquires George Morten John Wilson Esquires John Steele Thomas Wilson William Faunt George Ashby Esquires William Bird John Wilkins Henry Kendall William Whatton Edward Bigland Serjeant at Law John Goodman James [Armston*] John Major William Major Thomas Palmer Tirringham Stephens William Skiffington [ Esquires4] William [Mollaston5] Robert Hasleridge Esq, Wolstane Dixie Esq Turville of New Hall Parke Thomas Charnells Thomas May William Harper Esq John Harper Esq John Oneby George Vincent William Billers Mathew Simons Thomas Andrews Atkins of Horningold William Rawlins

junior Esq William Belgrave Sir Roger Cave Henry Henningham Sir Richard Newdigate Baronet John Cooke Esq Sir William Ellis The Right Honourable Sir William Rawlinson one of the Commissioners for the Great Seale Sir Ambrose Phillips Sir Edward Wigly John Chamberlaine and William Jervais.

For the Burrough of Leicester.

William Bentley Esq Mayor of the Burrough of Leicester and the Mayor for the time being Nathan Wright William Franke John Major Esquires Francis Noble William Southwell Andrew Freeman William Deane George Becket Philip Abney John Roberts John Goodall George Bent Thomas Ludlam Walter Hood Francis Ward Joseph Cradock Mathew Simons William Billers William Major Thomas Palmer junior William Browne Thomas Wells John Watts John Kilpin John Wilkins John Bent John Dann John Brookesby Thomas Palmer senior Edmond Johnson Gabrieli Hill John Pare Edmond Cradocke and Henry [Pare6] Gentlemen.

For the County of Lincolne and for the City of Lincolne and the County of the said City.

George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby Sonne and Heire apparent of Robert Earle of Lindsey Chancellor of the Dutchy Bennet Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland Nicholas Saunderson Esq the Honourable Francis Pierpoint the Honourable Peregrine Bertie the elder the Honourable Charles Bertie the Honourable Peregrine Bertie the younger the Honourable Phillip Bertie the Honourable Charles Saunderson Craven Howard Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Mounson Sir Thomas Hussey Sir John Newton Sir John Brownlow Sir Robert Markham Sir Willoughby Hickman Sir William Ellis Sir John Thorold Sir Richard Cust Sir Edward Hussey Sir William Buck Sir Richard Wrothwell Baronets Sir John Oldfield Sir Thomas Trollop Sir John Bowles Baronets Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Edward Ascough Knights Sir Thomas Bemardiston Sir William Massingberd Sir John Sherrard Baronets Sir William Yorke Sir Christopher Nevill Sir Edmond Turner Knights Sir Henry Herne Knight of the Bath Sir Drainer Massingberd Sir Thomas Skipwith [Knights7] Charles Dimocke Esq Charles Pelham William Mountaguc William Marwood Thomas Broughton [Richard8] Godfrey Thomas Lister Hfnry Stone Robert [Reyley9] Noah Neale Edward Paine Edward Mountague John Saunders William Welby William Hyde senior William Hyde junior Anthony Palmer Pury Cust Christopher Clapham Esquires John Browne Mayor of Boston and the Mayor and Aldermen for the time being The Mayor of the City of Lincolne Aldermen and Recorder for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Grimsby for the time being Edward Seeker Alderman of Grantham Edward Cottington Edward [LeevslyIO] Simon Grant Robert Cole Thomas Cole Nicholas Becke William Clarke Nathaniell Garthwaite the Mayor of Stamford for the time being Edward Curtisse John Rogers John Langton George Hawkins Gentlemen The Wardens of Louth for the time being John Newton Mountague Cholmley William Brownlow Rich: Winch Esquires Stephen Rothwell Will: Throllop Peregrine Bucke Richard Pell Samuell Ludington of Presbridge John Browne of Laughton John Bolt Esquire Samuell Browne Samuell Hutchinson Samuell Marshall John Wood Benjamine King Andrew Burton Gent Gilbert Bury Peter Bird Gent Thomas Bury Ciprian Thornton Edward Turney Christopher Berisford Charles Woolley Thomas Hall Vincent Grantham George Whichcott George Nevill Bryan Nevill Christopher Ascough Christopher Hales William Oldfield Esq Deane Sub-Deane Chancellor and Chaunter of Lincolne Robert^ Cawdron George Hall Thomas Cooley Lake John Harvey George Fairfax Thomas Young Leonard Browne

John Tilson William Thompson of [ Roxhall" ] John Hussey Francis Chaplaine Mathew Lister Robert Rither Dimocke Walpoole John Emson John Bishop Esq John I vats Thomas Webberly Bevill Wemberley Richard Torsey John Pindar George Knight Gentleman Sigismond Trafford Charles Fox Austin Hart Edward Browne of Horbling Charles Bates John Stow John Toller Esqs John Greene junior Mathew Trollop John Jackson Gent George Lan&on senior George Lan&on junior Robert Fisher Francis Anderson Edmond Anderson Edwin Anderson John Rosseter Esq James Aston John Towne George Smith William Bonner Joseph Edmonds Henry Jenkinson Henry Burrell Captaine Pownell Esquires William Wallet William Greene William Ambler Francis Coney Gentleman Reuben Sparkes John Jay Walter Johnson Martin Johnson Esquires Richard Figg Robert Turrell William Feast Lawrence East Edmond Sharpe Peter Mapletoft Thomas Emarton Henry Wrens Daniell Rhodes Esq Lewis Hurst

1 Pochin 0.

» Wollaston 0. 9 Ryley 0.

a Nathan O.

• Pate O.

«° Leevely O.

3 Armeston O. « Esquire 0.

7 Knight O. • William 0

11 Roxholme 0.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

37

William Cawthrop Erasmus Deligne Robert Sands Adam Bland Richard Nelthorp Siriack Worsted John Apleyard John Kay Isaac Newton Robert Famley John Burslein Gent Thomas Collison Thomas Thorowgood Robert Tigh [Mr‘] John Evans.

For the City of London.

Sir John Chapman Knight Lord Mayor and the Lord Mayor for the time being Sir Thomas Allen Knight and Baronet Sir John Lawrence Sir Robert Clayton Sir Patience Ward Aldermen The Recorder for the time being Thomas Pilkington Esquire Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Thomas Stampe Sir Samuell Dashwood Sir Benjamin Thorowgood Sir Thomas Kensey Sir William Ashurst Knights Christopher Lethieulier Esquire Sir William Gostlin Sir Thomas Lane Knights Aldermen Sir Humphry Edwin and Sir John Fleets Knights Sheriffes Sir Peter Vandeputt Sir Henry Ashurst Sir Francis Pemberton Knight Serjeant at Law Sir Jeremy Sambrooke Sir William Hedges Sir Gabrieli Roberts Knights Sir Thomas Clarges Knight William Love Esquire William Kiffin Joseph Herne Esquires John Morrice Lucy Knightley Peter Houblon (*) John Houblon Thomas Frederice Thomas Turgis Sir Benjamin Newland Sir John Matthews John Gardner Charles Chamberlaine John Jolliffe Thomas Westerne John Hamond Samuell Maine Esquires Sir Thomas Fowles Knight Francis [Chelde1] Sir John Lethulier Thomas Langham Mercer Thomas Papillon Ralph Box William Faulkner Charles Thorold Edward Clarke Andrew Kendricke Walter Coventry Sir Mathew Andrews Daniell Cox Doctor in Physicke Paul Jodrell Clerke of the House of Commons John Rayley Deputy James Bodington George Gooday Deputy [Flavers4] William Gunn John Freeman Sir Thomas Hatton John Cripse Nicholas Smith William Gravenor Sir William Dodson Arthur Baron Benjamin Ducane. Lawrence Dyer John Genew Paul Wilks James Woods George Sitwell William Carpenter John Midgeley Richard Weeden George Peeke Richard Normandsell Thomas Langham Nicholas Alexander Francis Brercwood Samuell Trotman Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Litleton Sir John Cope Sir William Cooper Robert Blaney junior William Lewis.

For the County of Midlesex.

Charles Lord Herbert Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire apparent of his Grace the Duke of Beaufort The Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire Sonne of the Earle of Bedford Charles Lord Cheyney Henry Powle Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill and Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons The Right Honourable Sir John Mainard Knight and Baronet Sir Anthony Kecke and Sir William Rawlinson Lords Commissioners for the Custodie of the Great Seale of England Adam Lord Viscount Lisbon in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath The Honourable Sir Robert Howard Knight one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill the Honourable Henry Pagitt Sonne and Heire apparent of the Right Honourable William Lord Pagit Craven Howard Esqs Sir Charles Gerrard Sir Richard [Nudigate5] Sir William [Robarts6] Baronets Sir Robert Sawyer Knight Sir Creswell Levins Sir William Dolben Knights Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Poultney Knights Sir John Cutler Baronet Sir Peter Vandeputt Sir Purbecke Temple Sir Robert Henley Sir Thomas Bide Sir Thomas Stringer Sir John Elwayes Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Rowe Sir John Musters Knights Sir Anthony Craven Knight and Baronet Sir James Butler Sir William Smith Baronet Sir Edmond Warcupp Sir Adam Oatley Sir Richard Downton Sir Thomas Chambers Sir William Hill Knights Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Caine Janes Baronet Henry Lord Colraine of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Francis Pemberton [and7] Sir Ambrose Phillips Knights and Serjeants at Law Sir William Cooper Edward MountagueSir John Trevor Sir Henry Johnson Sir Theodore De Vaux Sir John Berry Sir Thomas Kensey Sir Basill Firebrasse Knights Sir Richard Fisher Baronet Sir Robert [Peiton 8] Knight Sir Charles Porter Sir William Parkins Sir Robert Marsham Sir Paul Whichcott Sir William Ashurst Sir Matthew Andrews Sir Richard Hadducke Knights Ralph Hawtrey Nicholas Raynton John Wolstenholme Edmond Allen Whitchcott of Finchley Phillip Mitchell

Simon Smith Edward Byde Charles Fox William Wogan Anthony Row Richard Holford John Cooke Thomas Winford William Tempest Thomas Frewen Robert Dormer Esquires Paul Jodrell Esqs Gierke of the Honourable House of Commons Sir Roger Langley Sir John Bucknell Sir Edward Waldo Sir Erasmus Smith Knights Cheeke Gerrard Daniell Waldo William Fenn Thomas Francklin Lancelott Lake Thomas Nappier Edmond Prideaux Edward Norwood John Lloyd John Carpender Paul French William Hutchinson Ralph Hartley John Nicholl of Hendon Esquire William Page Richard Page Gentlemen John Haley senior of the Berry Thomas Austin Robert Austin William Tate Josua Galliard William Avery Esquires Brooke Bridges and Thomas Done Esquires [Auditor9] of his Majestyes Imprest and Forreigne Accompts Sir William Barkham Baronet Joshua Beale Edward Harris Thomas Jackson Roger Gillingham Richard Gough Adam Andrews Samuell Bluck and James Munday Esquires Sir John Bratle (lo) Edmond Drapier Roger Gardiner Thomas Stile John Greene Richard Kent Esquires Doctor Thomas Gill Henry Barker Henry Collins Nicholas Grice and Scory Barker Esquires John Phillips Esquire one of the Auditors of his Majestyes Court of Exchequer Leonard Hamond Thomas Wood Henry Raynell John Ewer John Slater Thomas Manning Daniell Proctor John Jones Henry Lacy and Thomas Bedford Esquires Henry Hawley Christopher Clitherow John Walker John Baldwin Francis Ashby John Stanion George Sitwell Richard Shoreditch Lancelott Johnson Roger Jennings John Jennings of Heese Edward Maplesden William Walker Thomas Harrison Dixon of Heese Robert Bcele Robert Newdigate Samuell Pointer Esq/s John Elphicke and Richard Lugg Gentlemen Thomas Henshaw Francis Brand Martin Foulke Arthur Blyth Joseph Alston Thomas Erisby William Browne John Bent Thomas Methold and John Creed Esquires John Milborne Anthony Wells [Mr"] Richard Aston

* Master O

5 Newdigate O.

* Auditors 0.

* James Houblon 0. 8 Roberts 0.

10 Knight 0.

3 Child 0. * Flaver O.

7 0. omits • Peyton O.

" Master 0.

I

L

38

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 1688.

Richard Tayler Gentlemen George Hutchins Esq> Serjeant at Law Charles Bonithon and Thomas Owen Esquires George Edwards Carew Guidct John Hardesty Roger Stoughton James Dewy Abraham Nelson Basill Herne Tobias Eden William Bampfield John Hungerford Simon Parry John le Neve John Milner Robert Stoughton Esquires Thomas Ridd Gentleman Samuell Trotman Richard Milner Henry Hazard Esquires John Canon John Meridale John Bay ley Robert Longland Thomas Barnes Benjamin Boltby Stephen Lawrence William Collins Richard Robins Christopher Chambers Tho. Harris Sa Llyn Francis Scott and William Webb Gentlemen Sir John Friend Sir John Parsons Knights Thomas Johnson Esquire Francis Tyson of Shackwell Thomas Batson William Adderley William Northey Yelverton Peyton Esquires Sir John [Robarts1] Knight Doctor William Parker William Sedgewicke Captaine Cowden Casse Thomas Cooke of Hackney Lucy Knightley Esquires Anthony Sturt Jeffery Nightingale John Perry [Josua1] Lewis Esquires John Smith Esquire Clerke of the Peace John Reynalds and William Martin Gentlemen William Willis Esq^ Smart Goodenough Merchant Captaine Nathanicll Owen Captaine William Wildy Mr Abraham Graves Captaine North Captaine Christopher Bendall Mr Thomas Elton Mr George Ford Captaine John Stephens Captaine Henry Russell Mr Freeman Brewer William Johnson Henry Dethick Henry Russell Joseph Stevens Esquires

Captaine George Fenney Captaine John North Richard Owin William Wakelin Nathaniell Owing John Nicolson Gent John Stanyan Esqs William Gulston Esq^ Francis Childe Gent John Wilson.

For the City of Westminster and the Liberties thereof.

The Right Hononurable William Lord Eland Sonne and Heire apparent of the Lord Marquesse of Hallifax The Right Honourable Edward Lord Combury Sonne and Heire apparent of the Earle of Clarendon Charles Lord Clifford Sonne and Heire apparent of the Earle of Burlington The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esq., one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill and Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons The Honourable Sir Robert Howard Knight one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Mr Craven Howard Sir Samuell Grimston Baronet Sir William Poultney Knight Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Sir Peter Collaton Sir Walter Clerges Baronet Sir Paul Ricaut Knight Richard Morley Esquire Richard Petitt Gentleman Sir John Cutler Baronet Thomas Done Brooke Bridges John Phillips Esquires Sir Roger Langley Knight John Wildman Esq^ Hugh Squire Esquire James Vernon Esq^ Charles Twitty Bartholomew Fillingham William Lowndes Robert Squib Gentlemen Christopher Grange Brewer Robert Breden Brewer William Maschall Humphry Masson Gentlemen Charles Toll Robert Nott Charles Bonithon Francis Carew Thomas Watkins Richard Newman Esquires Ralph Marshall Gent Sir John EKvayes Knight James Sheiffield Esq^ Sir Phillip Meadowes Knight John Creed William Ball John Milner Esquires Richard Milner Gentleman James Dewy Esquire Sir Thomas Row Baronet Sir John Nicholas Knight Benjamine Cooling Esq> Wynne

William Hewers Esq^ Dionisius Andrewes Gentleman Edmond Woodruffe Gentleman William Wardour Esq> John Clear John Phillips Nehemiah Arnall Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Thomas Utleton Sir Charles Cotterell Sir Stephen Fox Sir John Cotton Baronet Will: Harbord Esq^ Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Cerill Wich Knights Sir Robert Gayer Sir Richard Temple Knights of the Bath Sir Robert Pye Baronet Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir William Orpe Sir Christopher Wren Knights Henry Guy Esqs Philip Musgrave Esqs Sir James Hayes Knight William Bridgeman Esq Thomas Sidenham Doctor of Physicke William Poultney John Poultney Esquires Bernard Greenvile Christopher Vane Esquires Henry Thynne Mathew Lott John Currance Simon Smith John Man George Man Morris Hunt John Chace Josuah Draines George Cooper John Haines John [Ruins3] Gentlemen Colonell Richard [Ruins3] Edmond Ogar John Lug Richard Wheeler John Leson Michaell Arnold Gentlemen David Crawford Esq Charles Rampaine Sir Miles Cooke Sir William Dutton Colt Sir Humphry Winch Knights Andrew Lawrence William Shaw Esquires John Tully Ralph Hutchinson Marke Lawne William Richards Gentlemen Sir Richard Dutton Knight William Blaithwaite Edward Mountague Charles Mountague The Honourable Peregrine Bertie and Charles Bertie Edmond Waller William Cheney Esquires Sir Denny Ashbumham Arthur Prior James Smithsby Charles Knot of Saint Clement Danes Thomas Heyton of the same John Wirly Edward Yeomans of the same Richard Cooper John Rossington Matthias Cooper Lewis Prescott John Pottinger John Frost Richard Campian John Martin Gentlemen William Greene Brewer Erasmus Dryden Paul Jodrell Clerke of the House of Commons John Hookes Gentleman Master Thomas Browne Francis Negus Charles Chetwind Esquires John Jugland William Bolt Gentlemen Anthony Row Roger Gillingham Francis Gwynne Esq Richard Stephen Augustin Bear Gentlemen Thomas Templeman Robert Wood Michaell Miles Leonard Plucknet Nicholas Martin Edward Salisbury John Wilson Esquires James Supplee Gentleman Joseph Biscow Charles Duncomb Thomas Maning and John Stone.

For the County of Monmouth.

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire apparent to Henry Duke of Beaufort Sir Charles Kemys Sir Trevor Williams Sir John Morgan Baronets Sir Rowland Gwyne Sir James Herbert Knights Thomas Morgan of Tredegar Richard Lewis John Williams Henry Probert Thomas Lewis John Arnold Charles Vann Richard Lister John How John Scudamore Thomas Morgan of Lanrumney David Lewis Thomas Folio Charles Price Ilopton Williams Henry [Mergem4] of Bedwelly Edmond Morgan Edwrard Jones Roger Oates George Kemeys Charles [Wilbome ;] Edwrard Perkins John Morgan Lewis Morgan Capell Handbury Chandois Lloyd Thomas Jones John Walter John Floyer Charles Hughes Robert Gunter Phillip Cecill James Morgan of Llandillo Charles Morgan Rowland Pritchard Nicholas Parker George Harris Christopher Price Martin Scudamore Ambrose Scudamore Walter Williams Roderick Gwynne and John Morgan of Berlandeag Esquires Thomas Springer Morgan Chambers William Blethin Edward Kemeys Martin Boothby Thomas Williams John Lewis David Morgan Lewis Morgan John Ketchmaid Mathew Powell Rowland Williams *

1 Roberts O. 4 Morgan O.

* Josiah O. s Binns O.

* Milborne O.

L

A.D. 1688.

39

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

Matthias Bird Walter Aldey Robert Jones Charles Williams Nehemiah Williams John Morgan John Cragg Walter Fortune Henry Tomkins William Morgan Theophilus Reynolds Hugh James Walter Cecill Richard Jones John Jones of Llantrissen Roger Williams John Harris of Abergavenny William Powell of Bedwelly Richard Vaughan Isaac Williams Morgan Thomas John Watkins Trevor Meirick William Evans Richard Roberts Francis Williams William Price John Gwillim Francis Pritchard Nathanicll Rogers Shelden Powell the Mayor of Monmouth Port Reeve of Uske the Mayor of Newport Ezra Waters John Price Hugh Harris William Morgan of Carlyon William Seise Charles Jones of Magar Charles Jones Charles Occold William Pritchard of Langattock William George of the same Nicholas Arnold George Lewis and John Morgan of Llanthewry Gentlemen.

For the County of Northampton.

Henry Lord Obrian Baron of Ibracham of the Kingdome of Ireland Lyonell Lord Huntingtower of the Kingdome of Scotland William Lord Fitz-Williams of the Kingdome of Ireland Richard Lord Wanman of the fame Kingdome Sydney Worsley alias Montague Charles Bertue Lewis Watson Sir Vere Vane and Robert Sherley Esquires Sir Roger Norwich Baronet Sir Justinian Isham Sir Roger Cave Sir William Farmer Sir Pope Danvers Sir John Robinson Sir John Holman Sir James Langham Sir William Langham Sir Rowland [Aston '] Sir William Wake (1) Sir William Craven Sir John Pickering Sir St Andrew St Johns Sir Thomas Samuell Sir Rice Rudd Baronets Edward Mountague Edward Harby William Mountague Christopher Mountague William Harboard Henry Farmer Richard Rainsford John Parkhurst Gilbert Dalben Thomas Andrew llenry Edmonds Francis Arundell Francis Crane William Wilmore Edward Stratford Edward Saunders Thomas Trist Toby Chauncey Samuell Trist Thomas Catesby William Adams Samuell Adams John Creswell George Clerke Bryan Janson Walker Kirkham John Thornton William Hastings William Tate John Bagshaw William Lisle William Warner Christopher Thursby Andrew Lant Francis Morgan Nicholas Steward and John Wiseman Esquires The Mayor and Aldermen of Northampton for the time being Robert Ives John Clarke the Mayor of Higham for the time being the Bayliffe of Daventree for the time being the Mayor of Brackley for the time being Richard Butler Esqs Salathiell Lovell Serjeant at Law John Bridges William Thursby John Hanbury Edward Ladkins John Glendon John [Blenco3] Charles Fitz-Williams John Combes Richard [Willoughley4] Robert Heslerigg Henry Rushton Gerrard Gore Goddard Pemberton Edward Bacon Arthur Brookes Robert Mansell Thomas Freeman John Weever William Allicock Bernard Wallcott Thomas Newton Harvey Ekins Esquires John Ekins of Rushden Francis Lane Harold Kinesman Charles Orme Henry Benson Robert Breton and Thomas Breton Esquires Sir Benjamin Bathurst Benson of Tocester Thomas Langham Esqs John Browne

Clerk to the Parlyament Thomas Colethurst and William Fleetwood Esquires Daniell Danvers Doctor of Physicke Edward James of Houghton Thomas Francklin of [Ecklon3] Watts of Wooton Edmond Bromwich of

Daventree Gent John Gardner of [Croton6] Robert Fruen of Brackley Robert Barton Robert Dormer Thomas Pilkington and Henry Heveningham Esquires.

For the County of Nottingham.

Patricius Viscount Chaworth of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Anchitell Grey Esquire The Honourable Arthur Stanhope Esquire Sir Scroope How Francis Pierpoint and William Sacheverill Esquires Sir Thomas Parkins Baronet Jervase Pigott Richard Mansfield Thomas Lew'is William Williams Villers Charles Hutchinson

and Phillip Sherrard Esquires John Kerthwell and Thomas Barret Gentlemen Francis Mollinox Esq^ Thomas Porter Gentleman William Woolhouse Sir William Stanhop Knight Brough of Bridgeford Gentleman John

White Esquire Thomas Sharpe of Branby Richard Bradford (7) Francis Gregory Gentlemen Robert Sharbrooke Arthur Warren and Thomas Charlton Esquires John Strey Gentleman Richard Sclater William Cartwright [of Normanton William Bamell and William Cartwright ®] of Ossington Esquires Lawrence Sturtivant Edmond Nicholson Thomas Bristow Edmond Hind Gentlemen Charles [Stanhop9] Esquire Sir John Mollinex Baronet William Pinckney Darcy Mollinex Digby John Knight Richard Taylor John Thomey and Hennet Esquires

Mellish of Blyth Esquire Dunston of Worsopp Gent Francis Sands and Francis Stringer Esquires

Thomas Dickenson Francis Thornhill and Christopher Johnson Gentlemen Eyre of Rampton and John

Clerkson Esquires William Simpson and Henry Halfehead Gentlemen The Bayliffes of Retford for the time being Thomas Sharpe William Wharton and Ward of Retford Gentlemen William Lane of Retford Esquire Edward

Southwoth and John Reyner Esquires Hugh [Burnet10] Gent Edward Phiney Esquire John Barker of Barmby on the Moore Cordiall Storts of Sound in the Parish of Sutton and Richard Brownlow Gentlemen Richard Sands Gent Receiver Generali the Mayor of Newarke for the time being the six senior Aldermen Doctor Yarbrough Thomas White Henry Walters Will: Stow and William Clay Gentlemen.

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham.

The Mayor for the time being Francis Pierpoint Esquire Edw'ard Bigland Serjeant at Law Richard Mansfield Richard Sclater and Robert Sherbrooke Esquires Thomas Porter Gent Thomas Smith John Hawkins Aldermen William Graves John Graves senior Ralph Bennet Francis Salmon Thomas Trigg and John Hoe Gentlemen.

For the County of Norfolke.

Sir Robert Bacon Sir Henry [Hobert "] Sir John Woodhouse Sir John Mordant Sir Robert Drury Sir Nicholas Le Strange Sir John Holland Sir Augustine Palgrave Sir John Pettus Sir Thomas Hare Sir Robert Kempe Sir Jacob Astley Sir Roger Potts Sir Thomas Ward Sir Francis [Buckley '*] Sir William Cooke Sir Edmond Doyley Sir

1 Allston O.

* Ekton O.

• Standhopp o.

0 Baronetts 0. 6 Coton O. lo Brinnett 0.

5 Blinco O. 7 and 0.

" Hobart 0.

4 Willonghby O.

• The Words in Brackets are interlined on the Roll. 19 Bickley 0.

40

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

Thomas Adams Sir Peter Glean Sir Thomas Gerrard and Sir Richard Deereham Baronets Sir Nevile Cateline Sir Francis [Guyton1] Sir William Rant Sir John Turner Sir Edward Chesnall and Sir Cecill Wich Knights Sir Christopher [Cathorpe*] Knight of the Bath John Sharpe Deane of Norwich Thomas Knivett Robert [Walpooles] Robert Sucklin John Harbord Edmond Woodhouse John Knivett Robert Houghton Henry Oxburgh James Host Francis Cremor Robert Warded Lee Warner and [Perry4] Freke Esquires John Heme John Houghton John Jaye Robert Coney Gabrieli Armiger Richard Wyth Francis Gardner John Woodhouse William Windham Francis Windham of Cromer Charles Legrosse Edward Soame John Norris Councellor at Law Thomas Pierson Daniell Bedingfield Recorder of Lyn Christopher Crow Robert Wilson Edward Wilson Charles Turner of Linford Erasmus Earle Thomas Browne Francis [Ropps1] Charles Wright Riches Browne Edward Bedle Henry Negus Thomas Bacon Nathaniell Simonds Thomas Sotherton Edmond [Briliffe6] George England Edmond Lambe Hatton Berners Robert Day John Ayd John Repps Robert Davy Thomas Wright Hugh Hovell Abraham Castle Henry Masham Joakim Mathews William Oldfield Clement [Home7] Tho: Townshend of Norwich John [Thurston8] John Cropley Isaac Preston Thomas Buller Ralph Hare Brigg Fountaine William Branthwaite Robert Bransby Phillip Bedingfield Henry Heveningham Francis Negus Richard Carter John Breaster Valentine Pell James Host junior Rant of

Yelverton Doubty of Hanworth Augustine Briggs Samuell Fuller Robert I^ondon Oliver Neeve

Thomas Gawdy Nicholas Rookewood John Anguish Monkford [Spelman9] Leon: [Mopos10] Francis Thursby Clisby Guybon George Townshend Gascoyne Weld Anthony Freeston Thomas Talbot John Le Strange Thomas Richmond William Barker Edward Osborne Henry Haynes Robert Sucklin junior Gardiner Hewit John Pannell John Richmond John Mingay Thomas Weld Robert Buxton William Sidley Israeli Long John Garnish Thomas Blowfield Edward Le Strainge Ralph Pierson Robert Jennings [Stileman"] James Calthorpe Francis Duesgate Doctor Pepper

John Page William Williamson Benjamin England Richard Ferrier John Woodhouse Lucy Blackman John Castle Brograve of Thorpland Thomas Crick William Rudin Henry Trice Edmond Beales Thomas Smith.

For the City and County of the City of Norwich The Mayor for the time being Robert Davy Esquire Recorder Robert Ward Esquire Steward The two Sheriffes for the time being Francis Gardiner John Man Robert Bendish Wise Freeman Hugh Buckenham

William Salter Nicholas Ellis Austin Briggs Brockden Vin Bickerdike Macrell

Aldermen Doctor John Sharpe Deane of Norwich Sir Nevill Catlin Knight Thomas Blofield Esquire Doctor Pepper Chancellor Thomas Townsend Francis Bacon Thomas Bacon and Branthwaite Esquires Richard Wamman

Levington Gentleman Lawrence Goodin William Guybbon Richard Carter Chappell Towne Clerke

John Gosling Gentleman Sheldrake Isaac Decele Robert Freeman Jehosaphat Davy Esq^ Thomas Cooke

Robert Cooke John Barman Aldermen Samuell Warkhouse.

For the Burrough of Great Yarmouth.

The BaylifTes for the time being George England Samuell Fuller and Robert Brambsby Esquires Edmond [Thayter '*] Richard Huntington Peter Caulier Michell Mew George Ward Abraham Castle Aldermen Thomas England Thomas Bradford Benjamine England John Robins John [Ferrer,J] Thomas Gooch Nathaniell Symonds John Gayford and Richard Ferrier.

For the Burrough of Kings Lynn.

Cipriaii Anderson Esq, Mayor Daniell Bedingfield Esquire Recorder Sir John Turner Knight Sigismond TrafTord Benjamine Holley Giles Ridgeman Robert Spanow John Kidd Edmond Hooke and Benjamine Keene Esquires Charles Peast William Linstead Henry Bell and Charles Turner Gentlemen.

For the Borough of Thetford.

William [Harbord,4] Esquire one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir John Holland Sir Francis Guybbon Knights Wormley Hetherset Mayor John [Thurston ,5] Captaine Cropley Thomas Wright Charles Wright and Edmond de Gray Esquires Candell John Harper John Tyrrell and Winwood.

For the County of Northumberland.

Charles Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heir apparent to the Earle of Carlisle The Honourable Charles Mountague Esq^ The Honourable Ralph Grey Esqs Sir Ralph Delavale Sir John Heron Sir James Clavering Sir Edward Blacket Sir Thomas Loraine Sir William Blacket Sir Robert Eden Baronets Sir Ralph Jennison Sir Robert Fenwicke Knights William Forster Philip Bickerstaffe Roger Fenwicke Ralph Delavale Phillip Babington Francis Blake George Backer Thomas Forster John Shaftoe John Salkeld Robert Wilford of Tighell Robert [Witford16] of [Witford16] Thomas Forster of Cornwall Thomas Collingwood John Blakiston James Wallis John Hindmarsh Robert Bewick John Carnaby William Carr Michell Welden [Henry Holmes Francis Addison Charles Howard Joseph Carr,?] Patricius Crow William Reveley George Delavale Thomas Blenkinship Robert Hebron Ralph Milbome John Bacon Robert Lawson Thomas

Algood Robert Shaftoe Robert Lisle John Proctor Richard Forster John Blacket John Colson Alexander Hall

Samuel Salkeild Ramsey of Brinkbourne William Ramsey William Strother of Grindon Rigg Francis Forster

Esquires Robert Fenwicke John Fenwicke George Lawson Ralph Brandling Gilbert Parke Francis Greene Robert

Mitford George Wilson Ralph Forster Ralph Anderson William Pierson Thomas Grey William Locke Thomas

Otway John Clarke Thomas Toll Edward Spearman Alexander Hall Martin Hall.

* Guibon 0.

* Repps 0.

* Spilman 0. 13 Ferrier 0.

* Calthorp 0. 6 Britiffe 0.

10 Mopes O. u Herbord O.

17 The Word* in Brackets are interlined on the Roll.

* Walpole 0. * Percy 0.

7 Herne 0. " Thruston 0.

" Styteman 0. * Thaxter.

'» Thruston 0. 16 Mitford 0.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

41

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Nicholas Ridley Esq^ Mayor Sir James Clavering Baronet and Sir William Blacket Baronet Sir Robert Shaftoe Sir Ralph Carr and Sir Ralph Jennison Knights Timothy Davison George Morton Timothy Robson Nicholas Fenwicke William Awbany William Carr John Rumney William Ramsey Mathew White John Blackiston Henry [Lembton1] Henry Holmes John Ilindmarsh Henry Jennison William Christian Thomas Beewicke Joseph Carr Ralph Grey John Rogers Esquires Edward Harle Humphry Pibus Francis Johnson Edward Freeman James Hargrave Allen Nicolson Thomas [Waste 2] William Fetherston Joseph Atkinson George Henderson John Leman Benjamin Davison Thomas Hutchinson Edward Cousins William Morton John Grey John Otway Lancelot Algood John Varey Thomas Dobson and John Emerson Gen?.

For the Burrough of Berwicke upon Tweede.

Philip Babbington Francis Blake (3) John Pratt Esquires The Mayor for the Time being Thomas Watson Richard Windlow Gen? John Lucke George Watson Samuell Ogle Esq^ Aldermen Stephen Jackson Edward Nealson Anthony Compton Edward Ord Cuthbert Brady Marke Scott Towne-Clerke John Stanton.

For the County of Oxford

Anthony Lord Viscount Faulkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Richard Lord [Wainman4] Viscount Tuan of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Lord Viscount Tiveot of the Kingdome of Scotland Mountague Lord Norreys Sonne and Heire apparent to James Earle of Abingdon The Honourable Richard Hambden one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Henry Bertie Esqs Sir Fairmedon Peniston Sir William Walter Sir Edward Reed Sir John Cope Sir William Glynn Sir Edmond Fettiplace Sir Litleton Osbeldeston Sir Anthony Craven Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir Robert Dashwood Sir John Holman Sir Richard Temple Sir John Doyley Sir Thomas Cob Sir William Pinsent Sir Thomas IJtleton Sir James Chamberlaine Sir William Rich Baronets Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Norreys Sir Timothy Tyrrell Sir Thomas Tipping Sir James Hayes Sir Thomas Clayton Sir Thomas Row Sir Rowland Lacy Sir Sebastion Smith Sir Edmond Walcop and Sir William Hill Knights Robert Dormer William Cope Anthony Hungerford Thomas Tipping Richard Libb Esquire Edward Barry John Stone Carlton Stone John Hampden [John5] Alnutt Henry Alnutt Francis Martin Francis Clarke William Lcnthall John Dormer George Chamberlaine Thomas Hord William Bayley John Croke Cole Henry Heylin

Barber William Gamock Robert Perrott (6) Richard Powell William Pudsey Robert Shepherd William Whitlock Bartholomew Flail Thomas Coghill Henry Hall John Wallis Esquires Adam Springall and John Brigham Gen? Simeon Harcourt Thomas Wheat Robert [Magott7] Alexander Denton Edmond Goodier Rawlingson

Henry Ail worth and John Masters Doctors of Law Charles Holloway John West William Oakeley Ralph Holt Humphry Wickham John Gun Lcnthall Trotman John Bray Walker Pudsey of

Elsefield John Danvers Esqs Ilunbank Veysey Roger Price Thomas Woodhall William Sacheverill Thomas Osbaldeston Henry Peacocke Samuell Trotman Crispe of Darnford George Tipping of Draycott James Herbert Esquire

Wareing and William Tipping of Ewelme Esquires Breddocke and Lacy Osbaldeston

Esquires Blague of Cogs Bartholomew Harris John Parsons George Woodward John Wickham

Mr. Gregory of Horley George Cave Simon Deane John Carey Thomas Row;ncy Richard Tayler of Wilscott Francis Knapp Thomas Clayton Robert Parsons Henry Streete Richard Stephens Gilbert Jackson Thomas Carter John Striblihill John Ilickford Dixwell Hungerford Francis Greenway Richard Evans Anthony Evans Greenwood

of Chastleton Thomas Knapper Thompson of Horley Sutton Coghill John Coghill Martin May ofKidlington

John Wheeler John Crispe Lawrence Lord John Cocker William Deeds John Dodswell John King John Winlow John Smith John Wise of Draton Giles Diston Gentlemen [Besaliell1] Knight Richard Hinton Gentleman Thomas Rolls George Tipping Richard Croke Richard Blackhall Gentlemen Gooding of Lachford John Morton

Standard ot Shipton The Mayor of Woodstock for the time being The Aldermen and Towne Clerke for the time being The Mayor of Banbury for the time being The Warden of Henley for the time being The Bayliffes of Chipping Norton for the time being The Bayliffe of Burford for the time being The Bayliffe of Witnessfor the time being Philip Stiles Charles Stoakes Daniell Stiles Reynols senior Cave Richard Whateley

Henry Stokes [Besaliau*] Knight Gentlemen.

For the University of Oxford

Doctor Gilbert Ironside Vice Chancellor The Honourable Heneage Finch Esqs The Honourable Leopold William Finch Warden of All Soules Sir l homas Clayton Knight Warden of Merton Colledge Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Doctor Timothy Halton Doctor John Hough Doctor John Wallis Doctor William Jane Canon of Christ-Church Doctor Henry Adrich Canon of Christ-Church Doctor John Hamond Canon of Christ-Church Doctor Edmond Hall Doctor Ralph Bathurst Doctor Roger Berry Doctor Thomas Turner Doctor Thomas Bourchier The Prodors for the time being Doctor John Leydcll Master Benjamin Cooper Master John Haslewood Master John Crosse Master John Fulks George Thompson Thomas Moore and Edward Bartlet Doctor Robert Say Provost of Oriell Colledge.

For the City of Oxon

The Mayor for the time being The Honourable Henry Bertie Esq^ Sir Edward Norreys Knight Sir John Cope Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Doyley and Sir Robert Dashwood Baronets Sir William Walker Knight John Townsend

1 Lambton O. George 0. * VVassc O. a James Perron 0. * & 0. 7 Mayott 0. 4 Wenman 0• * Bcsalion O.

42

1° Gul.&Mar. c. 3.

A.l). 1688.

Thomas Fifield and Thomas Eustaces Aldermen William Wright Recorder Tobias Browne John Bowel 1 Richard Hawkins John Croney Esq Richard Hawkins Thomas Hunsden Combes Esquires Charles Holloway John

Bateman [ Esquires'] Charles Harris Gent Edward Prince Towne-Clerke.

For the County of Rutland

The Right Honourable Wriothesly Baptist Viscount Campden Sonne and Heire apparent to Edward Earle of Ganesburrow The Right Honourable Bennet Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Baptist Noell Esq, The Honourable John Noell Esq, The Honourable Phillip Sherrard Esq Sir Thomas Mackworth and Sir Thomas Barker Baronets Sir Andrew Noell Knight William Palmes Bennet Sherrard and John Vemey Esquires Samuell Browne Charles Halford Christopher Browne Edward Faulkner Robert Mackworth Cornelius Burton Horseman of Stretton Anthony Palmer Edward Browne Clement Brittaine Richard Snow John Flavell Sill of Seaton and John [Weevers1] Esquires Andrew Burton and Richard Matthew Gent John Bullinger Esq

For the County of Salop

The Right Honourable Henry Powlc Esq Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons Richard Newport Andrew Newport Sir Henry Litleton Sir William Whitmore Sir Humphry Briggs Sir John Corbet Sir Francis Lawley Sir Udell Corbet Sir Edward Acton Sir Francis Edwards Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Robert Owen and Sir Job Charlton Baronets Sir William Lacon Childe Sir John Trevor Sir Thomas Jones Sir Adam Otley and Sir John Edwards Knights Jervas Pierpoint William Levison Gower William Fowler Francis Charlton of Apley John Charlton of the same Charles Manwareing John Walcott Francis Forrester Robert Leighton Richard Lister Edward Kinaston of Ottley Edward Kinaston of Hordley Thomas Bandowin John Kinaston Phillip Prince Somersett Fox Henry Herbert William Forrester Edward Owen of Candover George Weld Humphrey Briggs Thomas Rocke Robert Corbet of Abrett Hussey John Coates Richard More Walter Wareing Francis Herbert Charles Baldwin Charles Coates William Oakley Robert Cressett Robert Owen Roger Pope senior [and J] Roger Pope junior Thomas Lloyd Richard Creswell John Lacon Thomas Ottley Litleton Powis Henry Newton Francis Charlton of Whitton Thomas Cornwall Andrew Hill Bartholomew Lutley Job Walker Thomas Hill of Souton Thomas Kinnersley Thomas Hanmer Edward Leighton Edward Kerry Henry Davenport Orlando Nicholls Richard Matton Rowland Hunt Edward Cludd Thomas Corbet Jonathan Langley Thomas Uster Thomas Edwards Richard Corbett Robert Clowes John Tayleur Thomas Burton Thomas Smalman Phillip Eyton Robert Pigott Thomas Wingfield Thomas Mackworth John Edwards of Roreington John Powell Thomas Acton John [Warrer * ] John Whitmore Charles Walcott Francis Berkley and Arthur Weever Esquires Mr.Haward of Little Wenlocke John Smithman Edward Mitton The Mayor of Salop for the time being the Bayliffes of Ludlow for the time being the Bayliffes of Bridgenorth Bishops Castle and Wenlocke for the time being The Mayor of Oswestry for the time being Richard C.arew Edward Owen of Pulley Richard Hosier Esquires Richard Salter Edward Gosnell Roger Griffiths Walter Wollaston William Jones Esquires Samuell Langley Adam Wareing Richard Deues William Grosvenor Richard Church Richard Jenkins John Staniers Gentlemen John Woodhouse Charles Herbert Samuell Bowdler Ralph Browne and Thomas Langley Esquires Simon Hanmor Jonathan Scott Coilins Wolrich Richard Muckleston Robert Wood John Bright Edward Pulley Thomas Hauks William [Brudgen5] Thomas Crumpton Lane Harris Richard Mason John Morris of the Hurst Thomas Sabery Hoskins Thomas Hill of Alcaston John Kenet and John Atkinson Gentlemen

Thomas Childe Esqs Timothy Hasell Gent Samuell Sanford Thomas Starkey George Chambre John Latham George Walker John Langley Thomas Pratt Esq, Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Will. Williams Esq, John Hanmer Esq and William Kinaston.

For the County of Stafford

The Honourable John Grey The Honourable Henry Pagitt The Honourable Captaine William Ward Esquires Sir Thomas Pershell Sir Walter Wrotesley Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Walter Bagot Sir Henry Litleton Sir Edward Litleton Sir John Boyer Sir Thomas Bellot Sir Francis Lawley Sir Michell Biddulph Baronets Sir Bryan Broughton Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Gough Sir Charles Skrimshire Sir John Floyer Knights William Levison Gower Walter Chetwinde William Chetwinde John Chetwinde Thomas Broughton Edward Litleton Thomas Lane Humphrey Wirley Robert Burdet John Every John Lawton George Rodney Bridges Esquires Robert Levison Phillip Foley Rowland Oakeover Henry Vernon Tho: Kinnersley senior Tho: Kinnersley junior Tho: Lawley Will: Crumpton Thomas Ruddiard John lloo William Parker senior George Parker John Swinfin Esquires Edward Birch Serjeant at Law Thomas Birch William Judge Phillip Hollings Mathew Floyer Phillip Pargiter Jonas Grosvenor junior Charles Coates Francis Whit wick senior Francis Whitwicke junior John Whit wick Jonathan Cope William Cotton Water Aston Edward Arablaster Thomas Whitby Michaell Noble John Turton senior William Turton junior Peter Warburton William Sneid of Koell John Huntbache John Bagnell Copwood Hollins Francis Eld Edward Foden William Trafford senior William Trafford junior Thomas Scott Thomas seven senior Leicester Barber Daniell Watson Christopher Lea Phillip Chetwood Samuell Pipe Edward Short William Jarvis Thomas Pigot Walter Fowler John Amphlet John Peircehouse Clotworthy Skenington Thomas Foley Michaell Hatwicke William Whitby Grosvenor Dison Walter Moseley William Nabbs Francis Woolverston John [Badely*] Richard Whitworth Richard Piott Richard Diott Thomas Jolliffe William Jolliffe Thomas Foden of Fulford Thomas Mil ward William Milward John Shilton John Fenton Robert Wolseley Leigh of Rushall James Rudyard of the Abbey Roger Foulke Road of Rushton

John Gorcing Henry Bracegirdle Charles Blunt Thomas Dickins and James Rudyard Esquires The Mayor of Stafford for the time being And the Mayor of Newcastle under Lyne for the time being The Bayliffes of Tamv/orth for the time being William Feake Esq Mayor of Stafford Edward Foden Esq, William Oldfield Humphrey Perry l^dward Bird Nehemiah Farmer Sampson Birch Gentlemen Thomas Parker senior John Greene William Nabbs Nicholas Parker Charles Baynton Ralph Wood and George Alsop Gent and John Wilson Esq

1 Esquire 0. " Weever 0. 5 et 0. * Warter O. 5 Bridget! O. * Baddaley O.

]° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

43

For the City and County of the City of Litchfield.

The two Bayliffes for the time being and the [Sheriffes1] for the time being Sir Michaell Biddolph Baronet Phillip Pargiter Sir John Floyer Knight Robert Burdet Richard Dyot Richard Pyott John Babington and John Goreing Esquires Thomas Hamond William Whitby Richard Wakefield John Rawlins Ralph Minors Richard Burnes William Jesson Anthony Nicholls William Walmosley.

For the County of Somerset The Right Honorable Maurice Lord Viscount Fitzharding of the Kingdome of Ireland the Honourable Sir Edward Seymour Baronet the Honourable John Stawell Esq, Sir William Portman Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir John Sidenham Sir John St Barbe Sir John Smith Sir Edward Windham Sir Thomas Windham Sir John Trevillian Sir Francis Warr Sir Halswell Tynt Baronets Sir Thomas Bridges Sir George Norton Sir William Basset Sir Edward Phillips Sir Edward Nevill Sir Charles Carteret Sir Hugh Tynt Sir Richard Hart Sir John Knight Knights Francis Lutrell George Specks George Horner Edward Gorges Edward Barkley Nathaniell Palmer Thomas Windham John Hunt Henry Bull William Harbord Esquires Thomas Napper senior Gent William Heliar senior Warwicke Bampfield John Pigott John Harrington George Long Joseph Langton John Blewit John Ashford John Sandford Peter Reynon Richard Jones of Store Richard Morgan Richard Crosse James Lade Thomas Carew Edward Baber William Gore Baldwin Mellet John Champneys Samuell Homer James Prowse Thomas Wood James Webb Edmond Windham John Worth Hopton Windham William Helyar junior Thomas Langton Edward Hobbs Hastings William

Strode Thomas Saunders John Creswicke Ferrers Grisley William Hughs John Speake William Coward of Wells William Philips William Ettricke Henry Gold William Player Edward Clarke George Clarke Thomas Mompesson Henry Mompesson Harry Raynon George Doddington William Lucy George Hellyar Catwalkuler Jones Richard Lawnsdowne Samuell Gorges William Westly Nicholas Francis Roger Leversage John Baker Henry Lyte Henry Winter John Hody senior John Haw William Hellyard of Sea William Catford William Bacon James Twiford Thomas Ledgingham Edward Thruston Maudline Sambome Richard Cox George Bacon William Lyde senior Cornelius Lyde William Harbin Esquires Thomas Beare Dyke Matthias Hanville and John Hall Gentlemen

Christopher Warman Thomas Knight Francis Vaughan John More Samuell Raymond William Webber Robert Blake Thomas Strode of Mapeston Andrew Crosse John St. Alban Theodore Gulston John Sands John Bereland Esquires Henry Proctor Gent The Mayor of Taunton for the time being Francis Hubbard Thomas Towill Aldermen Richard Snow John Lucas senior Merchants.

For the City and County of the City of Bristoll William Jackson Mayor William Pawlett Esq, Recorder John Hicks William Crabb Sir Richard Crumpe Knight Joseph Creswicke Esq^ Sir Richard Hart Sir Thomas Earle Sir William Clutterbucke Sir William Hayman Knights Abraham Saunders Esq William Swimmer Richard Lane Thomas Day Esquires Sir John Knight Sir William Merricke Knights Thomas Cole George White Esquires Sheriffes John Moore Edward Fielding William Doning Arthur Hart George Hart John C.oombes Nathaniell Driver Edmond Arundell Giles Merricke James Twiford Robert Yate George Morgan Edward Tocknell John Sandford Samuell Wallis John Hyne Esquires.

For the City of Wells The Mayor for the time being Richard Thomas John Davis Aldermen.

For the Towne of Bridgewater The Mayor for the time being Alexander Popham Humphry Steere Robert Balch George Crane John Harvey of the Castle Aldermen.

For the City of Bath.

The Mayor for the time being Benjamin Baber Robert Chapman John Bush Edward Bushell John Masters Stibbs John Pocock.

For the County of Southampton The Right Honourable Charles Earle of Wiltes Lord Chamberlaine to Her Majestie Sonne and Heire apparent of Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester The Right Honourable Henry Earle of Sterling in the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Wriothesley Baptist Viscount Campden Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Gainesburrough The Right Honourable William Lord Pawlet second Sonne to the Marquesse of Winchester The Honourable Francis Pawlet Esq Sir John Mill Sir Hugh Stukeley Sir Nicholas Stuart Sir Robert Dillington-Sir Heale Hooke Baronets Sir Edward Worsley Sir Charles Windham Sir William Kingsmill Sir Thomas Higgens Sir William Stephens Sir James Worsley Knights James Russell Richard Norton Thomas Jarvoice George Pitts senior of Stratfield Sea Thomas Hobby Oliver St John Leonard Bilson Henry Rolle Gabrieli Whistler and Ralph Hastings Esquires Sir Benjamin Newland Knight Henry Wallop Henry Dowley Fra: Marley Fredericke Tilnev Richard Holt Rich: Whitehead Richard Cobb White Titchborne John Smith of Tidworth Richard Cobb John Pollen Richard Bishop Richard Chaundler John Wallop Thomas Bilson William Bishop Charles Morley Henry Slingsby Samuell Gawden George Bridges Charles Wither Thomas Broccas George Abbot John Faulkener Charles Forrester John Deane Oliver Cromwell William Coleman Thomas Tutt Francis Dickens Henry Bromfield John Burrard John Urrey of Gatcomb Richard Knight Henry Perren Doctor of Physicke Henry Compton

SherifFc 0.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D.\688.

Thomas Jervoice junior John Venable Henry Hooke James Rothwell Roger Barton Robert Knolles Edward Fleming Richard Stanley Richard Carter Thomas Urrey of Freshwater Charles Cole Richard Love junior 6f Gretham George Pitt junior George Stanley Benjamin Ruddiard Thomas Wither Thomas Edmonds senior Edward Chute William Norton Esquires William [Barton1] Nicholas Hedger Thomas Bronker John Blakeley Gentlemen George Ducke Thomas Smith Thomas Douse of [Wallop Thomas Douse of*] Brooke Christopher Stokes Nicholas Lisle Esquires Edward [Tile*] John Rives of Drayton John Rives of Brandisbury Liver Peter Blake

Mathew Bennet Nicholas Lisle David Urry Gentlemen The Mayor of Portsmouth for the time being the Mayor of Newport for the time being the Mayor of Winchester for the time being the Bayliffe of Andover for the time being Richard Harris Esq, Recorder Ellis Mew Esquire John Warner Anthony Yalding James Earle John Pardue Aldermen of Winchester William Bulkley George Osborne Esquires Allan Garraway Christopher Smith Edward Batten Lewis Barton of Portsmouth Gentlemen Anthony Guydott William Guydott Thomas Goddard of Shipton Henry Holmes John Topham Esq Richard Bree Esq, Doctor Thomas Clutterbuck.

For the Towne and County of Southampton The Mayor for the time being Giles [Eyre4] Recorder Doctor John Speede Thomas Cornelius Christopher Smith Cornelius Mesham Richard White Richard Frant Thomas Bracebridge Adam de Cardonell James Crosse Gentlemen Robert Culliford William Bulkley Robert Mitchell Esquires Robert Love Robert Vernon and John Terrey Gentlemen.

For the County of SufTolke Lyonell Lord Huntingtower of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Henry Felton Sir John Barker Sir John Platers Sir Robert Kempe Sir Simon Dewes Sir John Castleton Sir Dudley Cullum Sir Jarvice Elwes Sir John Cordell Sir Henry North Sir John Rous Sir Thomas Allen Sir Thomas Bcmardiston Sir John Duke Sir Robert Broke Sir Philip Parker Sir Samuell Bernardiston Sir Robert Davers Sir Charles Blois Sir William Cooke Baronets Sir Charles Gaudy Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronet Sir John Poley Sir Thomas Harvey Sir George Wenyeve Sir Nevill Cateline Sir John Hanmer Sir Henry Johnson Sir Thomas Smith Sir Phillip Skippon Sir Joseph Brand Sir Richard Gipps Knights Nicholas Bacon Thomas Holland Adam Felton Thomas Waldegrave Thomas Glemham Thomas Tyrrell Phillip Parker Theobald Thomas Coell Henry Parker

John Robinson Henry Shelton John Thurston Reginald Williams Richard Norton Edmond Warner Henry Warner Lyonell Playters Edward Hobart William Barker Francis Barker Philip [Guzdons] John Southby William Dade Samuell Clarke Hamond Le'Strainge Robert King John Scrivener Edward North William Revet Thomas Edgar John Cornwallis William Crofts Henry Poley Robert Barker Edmond Jenney Robert Naunton John Corrance Robert Maltiward Thomas Wright John Hodges Henry Edgar Lawrence Rouse Peyton Ventris Thomas Golding William Glover Thomas Lemon George Fleetwood John Bence Charles Whitaker Robert Warreyn Awbey Porter Christopher Calthorpe Henry Goldwell John Jermy Thomas Dey John Lambe John Spencer Allen Cotton Edward Alphe Richard Vesey Edward Plumbe Edmond Sheppard John Smith of Parkfield John Hall Thomas Smith William Cullum William Guavas Thomas Love Robert Davy Esquires Thomas Revet John Beaumont Nicholas Bradge Thomas Smith Thomas Co veil William Betts John Hooke Gentlemen Mr John Browne Edward Bences Alexander Osborne Gentlemen Thomas Folkes Simon Folkes Roger Kerrington and Phillip Bedingfeild Esquires Collonell Talmach Andrew Warner Thomas Bernardiston Robert Russell Gerrard Russell Johnson of Clare Charles Umphrevill Samuell Baker

Thomas Neile John Wright Thomas Felton Compton Felton John Felton Francis Brewster Thomas Brand John Brand William Hammond Wareing of Groton Nathaniell Simonds Brandling William Cooke

Tompson Gibbs of Stoake Bartholimew Soams John Hill Nicholas Brage William Bright of

Briset Martin Folkes Thomas Bendish Isaac Rebow Thomas Else Thomas Roper Esquires Doctor Nathaniell Fairfax ofWoodbridge Thomas Ewen William Hammond James Goodwin Richard Ferrier Francis Haylocke Edmond Dowe Samuell Pacy Samuell Ward Henry Ward Henry Dawson Edward Gayoll John Nicholls senior Walcot

of Bungay Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of Eye

The Baylitles for the time being Thomas Knivet Esquire Henry Poley Esq, Henry Edgar Esqs Thomas Dey senior Gent Thomas Deye junior Gent.

For the Burrough of Sudbury The Mayor for the time being Sir John Poley Knight Phillip Gourdon Esq, William Fothergill Clement Rey Bernard Carter Benjamin Carter William Cocks Robert Gamell Gent.

For the Burrough of Dunwich The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Thomas Bernardiston Sir Thomas Allen Sir Samuell I5ernardi>ton Sir Robert Kcinpe Sir Charles Blois Sir John Rouse Sir Robert Rich Baronets Sir Phillip Skippon Knight Thomas Keall Esq William Hammond William Betts Robert Reeve John Benefice John Aldred Thomas Swatman William Wethersby Samuell Driver John Portle Jeremiah Burlmgham Gent.

For the Towne of Ipswich

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir John Barker Peiton Ventris Thomas Edgar Recorder Laurence Stisted Edward Reynolds Richard Phillips Richard Sparrow William Neave John Burrough William Browne John Blomfield Miles Walleys Hen: Sparrow Gent, and Robert Clarke Towne Clerke.

1 Batton 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

s Pyle O.

4 Eyres 0.

J Gurdon 0.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

46

For the Borough of Edmonds-bury

The Aldermen for the time being Sir Robert Davers Baronet Sir Thomas Harvey Knight Thomas Holland Esq, Thomas Burroughs Recorder Robert Sharpe Gent Thomas [Macro1 ] senior Corroner Richard Prince Gent.

For the Burrough of Alborow

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Henry Johnson Mr. William Johnson John Browne senior Gentlemen Gardiner Edward Wall Samuell [Browne2] Mr. Ralph Rabitt John Coxshall Alexander Osborne Thomas Wall John Coveil Write Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Orford

The Mayor for the time being Sir John Duke Baronet Thomas Glemham Esq^ Sir Thomas Smith Knight Recorder Joseph Hastings Thomas Palmer William Morgan Gent.

For the County of Surrey

The Honourable Sir Robert Howard one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath and one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Heneage Finch Esq^ the Honourable Arthur Herbert Admirall the Honourable Percy Kirke Esq^ Sir Walter St Johns Sir Francis Vincent Sir Adam Browne Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Richard Onslow Sir Edward Bromfield Baronets Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir John Tompson Sir Edward Evelin Knight and Baronet Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Bloodworth Sir William Hoskins Sir St John Brodericke Sir Mathew Andrews Sir Henry Tulse Sir Robert Knightley Sir Robert Clayton Sir James Clarke Sir William Ellyot Sir Christopher Buckle Sir John Parsons Sir George Vernon Sir Theophilus Oglethorpe Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Sir Purbecke Temple Sir William Temple Sir James Butler Sir Charles Litleton Knights Thomas Howard Fuller Serjeant

at Law George Evelin of Wootton George Evelin of Nntfield John Evelin Anthony Bowyer James Zouch Roger James Sigismond Stidolph Thomas Vincent John Weston George WoodrofFe Edward Nicholas White Titchbome [DensellJ] Onslow Foote Onslow Anthony Thomas Ambrose Muschampe Phillip Hilliard Francis Carew John Sands John Thynne Daniell Shelden William Vanbrugh Edward Harvey Stephen Harvey George Chute Walter Howland Francis Brend Thomas Turgis Peter Hussey James Parker John Heather John Covert John Glyde Robert Gavill George Browne of Buckland John Wight Shem Bridges George Coldam of Wannerly John Gore John Terry George Duncombe Thomas Lance Carleton Whitelocke Major Perry Captaine Bartholimew Austrick James Nicholas Fenn Henry Henn of Darking Richard Gath William Lenthall John Love Nicholas Hooks Thomas Wincope Phillip Rawley John Milner Jeoffery Amhurst William Hatton Francis Coventry Henry Whistler John Michell Thomas Ures Bowyer of Richmond Esquires The Mayor of Guilford for the time being John Turner Roger

James John Jordon Esquires William Wilson John Childe Edward Ford John Greene John Spencer Stephen March William Sammon John Cresset Samuell Crispe of Clapham senior George Austin George Osborne Edmond WoodrofFe Henry Bines Thomas Burroughes John Pettiward Benjamine [Bonnocke4] James Parker Esquires Richard Jewell of Nutfield Ralph Drake Robert Moore Peter Lugg Henry Flutter John Marther and John Hill Gentlemen John Bernard Benjamin Lecane Sir Peter Rich Sir Peter Daniell John Arnold James Reading Captaine Edward Lane George Evans Phillip Forster John Dawling Walter Howland Charles Shorter Ralph Snow William Hester Peter [Delamoy5] Esquires William Bateman George Meggot William Gibbs Thomas Hatchet Jonadab Ballam William Peck Francis Zouch Mathew Peirce Henry Hawks Thomas Kent William Sherlocke Anthony Rawlings and Charles Weston Gentlemen.

For the County of Sussex.

Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir John Pelham Sir Cecill Bishop Sir Henry Goreing Sir William Thomas Sir John Stapley Sir Denny Ashburnham Sir John Fagg Sir William Wilson Sir Richard Shirley Sir Thomas Dyke Baronets Sir William Morley Knight of the Baih Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir James Morton Sir Christopher Conyers Sir John Briscoe Sir Edward Selwin Knights Thomas Pelham Thomas Sackvile John Ashburnham George Nevill John Lewkner John Alford Robert Fagg William Garroway Henry Pelham Henry Shelley Thomas Newdigate Nisell Rivers Richard Briger Peter Courthopp Anthony Eversfield John Machell Thomas May Robert Mitchell Thomas Trewen Henry Apsley Roger Shoyswell Charles Goreing William Morley Thomas Miller William Board Thomas Burrell John Burrell Thomas Beard senior Apsley Newton Walter Double senior James Butler Timothy Burrell Ferdinando Pankhurst Nathaniel 1 Palmer Alexander Staples Anthony Fowle John Spencer John Haye James [Jarvis6] John Fuller Edward Payne junior John Challoner John Newnham Edward Dine Nicholas Beast Thomas Munns George Courthopp John Busbridge Thomas Collins Anthony Cruttindin John Muncke [Thomas7] Thomas Bickley Henry Bickley William Westbrooke Thomas Carr John Steward Thomas Palmer Thomas Betsworth Thomas Briggs Doctor of Law Oliver Weekes William Young Thomas Midleton Henry Cooper Richard Paine John Apsley Walter Bartlet George Gunter William Blaker Stephen Humphry John Cooke and Robert Ormes Esquires Thomas Woodier John Peche Barrester of Law John Miller Thomas Burry Samuell Hyland Richard Cooper Thomas Bromfield Thomas Osborne John Polehill of Frenchers John Gratwitch of Eatons Thomas Gratwich of Hams John Cheate Christopher Minshall William Cobden Lawrence Alcock William Scruce John Backshall Nathaniell Turner George Simonds William Alderton Francis Mosse Thomas Ellis John Coulstock Richard Peckham Thomas Poole Walter Coles Christopher Coles John Minshall Thomas Knolles Rich: Stiles Henry Bernard

' Marco O. 0 Groome O. 3 Denzill O. « Bonnick O.

* Delanov 0. > * * Garvis 0. i O. omits.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

A.D. 1688.

43

John Dee Humphry Jewks Walter Double junior John Cheate Walter Roberts Studley Gentlemen

The Mayors of Chichester Arundell Hasting and Winchelsey for the time being The Bayliffes of [Peversey1 ] and Seaford for the time being.

For the County of Warwicke

The Honourable William Lord Digby of the Kingdome of Ireland [The Honourable* *] Sir Francis Compton The Honourable Thomas Coventry Sir Willoughby Aston Sir John Mordant Sir Charles Holt Sir Clement Fisher Sir Richard Temple [Sir Thomas Price3] Sir William Boughton Sir Charles Shugburrough Sir Reginald Forster Sir John Bridgeman Sir Richard Newdigate Sir Josiah Childe Sir Henry [Puckering4] alias Newton Baronets Sir William Craven Sir Charles Lee Sir John Clapton Sir William Bishop Sir Andrew Hacket Sir William Underhill Sir Richard Verney Knights Thomas Rawlins Serjeant at Law Robert Burdet Walter Chetwinde Henry Parker Francis Fisher ot Berkswell Andrew Archer William Palmer Scabright Ripingdon Arden Adderley William Peito Ward Dilk Charles Newsham Hastings Ingram Robert Somervile John Mordant William Bromley Richard Hopkins Edward Bendy William Colemar Humphry Jennings Ardent Baggot Charles Knotsford Hercules Beaufoy Thomas Marriot Wolston Adderley William Bolton Basill Fielding John Ashdcy Simon Bidolph Robert Harvey John Stratford Thomas Rite Thomas Wagstaffe John Shugburgh Nathaniell Stoughton Humphrey Holden William Dugdale Francis Purefoy James Prescot Thomas Peirce Thomas Newsham Esquires Thomas Archer William Loggans Gentlemen James Ludford Arthur Trotman Edward Farmer Thomas Cookes The Mayor of Warwicke for the time being The Mayor of Stratford for the time being The Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being.

For the City and County of the City of Coventry.

Sir Thomas Norton Baronet Sir John Dugdale Richard Hopkins Horatio Hopkins Thomas Hopkins Robert Townsend and Robert Beake Esquires Henry Greene Edward Tayler Love-his-God Gregory John Bohun Thomas Bayley Henry Smith of Sponstreete Gentlemen The Mayor and all the Aldermen for the time being.

For the County of Worcester.

Richard Lord Coote Baron of Colooney in the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Coventry Esq, Henry Falliot Esq., Sir Henry Litleton Sir John Packington Sir Edward Sebright Sir Francis Russell Sir Thomas Rouse Sir William Keite Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Cooke Baronets Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Henry Coningsby Sir Francis Winnington Sir Thomas Streete Sir Edward [Denny3] Sir Thomas Haslewood Sir Timothy Baldwin Samuell Sandis Henry Herbert John Packington Thomas Savage senior Thomas Savage junior Henry Jeffryes William Bromley George Walsh Edwin Sandys Litleton Clent Thomas Vernon of Astwood Charles Baldwin William Ligon John Charlton Edward Partridge Walter Savage Thomas [Jolly6] Bridges Nanfan Thomas Cornwall William Hancocks Anthony Sambach John Winford Higgins James Capell Hanbury Robert Foley Thomas Foley Nicholas Lechmere Richard Dowdeswell George Dowrdesw'ell Edmond Letchmore Carter Esq^-of Upton old Robert Dormer Francis Sheldon Thomas Stevens John Bearcroft

Thomas Low of Brownsgrove Thomas Vernon Henry Parker Gerard Dannet John Holmden Martin Sandis Richard Nash junior Edward Bull Robert Wilde John Sommers Chamber Slaughter Humphrey Litleton Thomas Bushell Thomas Marryott Allen Cliffe senior Allen Cliffe junior John Solley George Harris Thomas Nanfan Richard Freeman Esquires Stephen Baldwin Robert Gow'er Esqs Edward [Bulstrod7] Esq^ Charles Cocks Gentleman Edward Staner Kempe Harwood Edward Cookes William Jarret Edward Rudge Gentleman William Baldwin Thomas Hunt Giles Parsons Edward Walker John Emmes Samuell Gardner the Bayliffes of Droitwich for the time being the Mayor of Evesham for the time being the Bayliffe of Bewdley for the time being.

For the City and County of the City of Worcester

The Mayor Aldermen and Sheriffes for the time being William Bromley John Sommers Esquires Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Thomas Streete Knights Henry Herbert Walter Savage Esquires Edward Cookley senior James Higgens Thomas Bearcroft Phillip Bearcroft Samuell Swift John Handy Nicholas Baker Gentlemen.

For the County of Wiltes

Charles Earle of Wiltshire Sonne and Heire apparent of the Marquesse of Winchester Edward Viscount Combury Sonne and Heire apparent to Henry Earle of Clarendon Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire apparent to Anthony Earle of Shaftsbury Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire apparent to Earle of Abington

Boyle Viscount Shannon of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Lord Colraine of the Kingdome of Ireland the Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esqs Sir John Erule Knight Chancellor of the Exchequer Sir Edward Seymour Sir Walter St John Sir John Button Sir Richard Grubham How Sir Francis Pile Sir William Pincent Sir Walter Long Sir James Long Baronets Sir Edward Hungerford Sir John Nicholas Knights of the Bath Sir George Hungerford Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Stephen Fox Sir Thomas Estcourt Sir Henry Coker Sir [Maehew8] Andrews Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Charles Rawley Sir Edmond Warnford Sir John Collins Sir Richard Hart Sir George Willoughby Knights Evelin Pierpoint Boyle Francis Pawlet George Pitt Richard Lewis Robert Hyde Francis Wroughton senior John

Hall Richard How Thomas [Hoby9] Giles Eyre (,A) Henry Brunker Lyonell Ducket Thomas Freake Thomas Bennet Edward Nicholas of Maningford Thomas Pitt William Ash Alexander Thistlewaite Maurice Bockland Thomas Lambert Henry Baynton Francis Morley Henry St John Charles Fox John Windham Edwrard Nicholas of Camins Walter Erule John Smith of Tidworth John Deane Edward Nicholas of Winterborne Francis Goddard Francis Stonehouse William Trenchard Lawrence Swanton Thomas Jarvaise Henry Clarke Thomas Chamberlaine John

• Pevenscy 0. c interlined on the Roll. 5 interlined on the Roll. 4 Suckering 0. 5 Dyneley O.

* Jolliffe 0. 7 Bulstrode 0. * Mathew O. 9 Hobby O. »° Samuell Eyre O.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

47

Bowles Thomas Penrudocke Thomas Windham John Young Walter Grub Henry Olivers Nicholas Bainton Edward Wildman Richard Chandler Richard Jones of Ramsbury John Ash of Haywood Michaell Ernley Samuell Ash Thomas Goddard of Swinden Thomas Mitchell William Sacheverell Charles Godfrey John Wildman junior Edmond Lambert John Marvin William Chaffin William Willoughby Will: Narborne Francis Hill Seymour

Richard Nevill William George Charles Raymond Charles Tucker Benjamin Gifford John Fitzherbert Edmond Hungerford John Bennet Gabrieli Ashley William Hearst Edward Hearst John Wallis Richard Aldworth Herbert Saladine Richard Kent William Brewer John Milner Esquires Nevill Mascaline William Plager Charles Yorke Walter Greene John [Hippesley1 *] John Ash of [Tessout*] Thomas Harris Richard Poore John Jacob Edward Duke George Duke of Lake James Linch Anthony Hungerford Thomas Polden Charles Danvers David Thomas Doctor of Physick Walter Parker Henry Coker William Daniell Robert Fewell Thomas Merks Francis Wroughton junior John Gantlet John Bigg Francis Swanton William Grinfield Charles Mitchell Thomas Rolt William [Cocke3] Henry Pinnell John [Chuddell4] Charles Pleydall Charles Bowles Robert Grove senior John Grove John Long Francis Thistlethwaite William Beach of Fidleton Andrew Duke Charles Steuart Walter Long of [Rasell5] Robert Wadman Samuell Trotman John Bennet of Salthorpe Esquires John Mompesson William Hues Thomas Powell Nathaniell Trotman William Gantlet Nicholas Ellyot Christopher Gardner Richard Minifre John Brooke Thomas Dennet Nicholas Daniell William Clare Christopher Lippiat John Foster Mathew Smith of Titman Jonathan Hill John Twogood Henry Whatman John Jesse Robert Bisse Edward Medlecot Thomas Hunt of Enford Bryan Barjow Henry Eyre of Woodhampton Henry Wallis Edmond [Jennings6] and Joseph Barjew Gentlemen Humphry Wall Robert Lawrence the Mayor of Salisbury for the time being the Mayor of Wilton for the time being the Mayor of Devizes for the time being the Mayor of Maryborough for the time being the Bayliffe of Chipemham for the time being.

For the City of New Sarum and Close of the same

The Mayor of the City for the time being Giles Eyre Esquire Recorder Sir Thomas Mompesson Knight Thomas Hoby John Windham William Hearst Francis Hill Esquires Christopher Gardner Will: Smith Thbmas Keynton John [Priauly7] Andrew [Brewden8] Roger Basket James Harris and Charles Viner Gentlemen Richard Minify Lawrence Swanton Gabrieli Ashly Thomas Lambert Esquires.

For the County of Westmorland Sir John Lowther Baronet one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Baronets Sir John Otway Sir Daniell Fleming Sir Christopher Phillipson Knights Phillip Musgrave Richard Lowther John Dalston Allen Bellingham Thomas Hilton Edward Wilson William Pandford William Fleming Henry Wilson Thomas Fletcher Christopher Dalston Richard Brathwaite Roger Moore Edward Musgrave Hugh [MacheiD] John Fisher John Phillipson Edward Wilson Esquires Richard Crackenthorp John Nevison Ephraim Sandford Thomas Godsalve C.iprian Hilton Arthur Scaife Richard Pindar Anthony Saul Thomas Sheppard Daniell Fleming Miles Philipson John Brougham George Wilson Thomas Hebblethwaite James Simpson William Birkhead James Bird Reginald Dobson Gentlemen The Mayors of Apleby and Kendall for the time being.

For the County of Anglesey Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount Cassells in the Kingdome of Ireland Lewis Lord Viscount Dunganan in the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Bulkley Henry Bulkley Robert Bulkley Sir Hugh Owen Baronet Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir William Williams Baronet Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Nicholas Bagnell Owren Bould William Meiricke John Grosenod Francis Bulkley John Owen John Griffith Coningsby Williams Owen Hughes Henry Jones William Bulkley Hugh Wynne Esq^ Roger Hughes Rowland Wynne Thomas Williams Morrice Lewis Francis Lloyd Robert Parry Hugh Williams David Williams Esquires John Price Thomas Mostin William Griffith John Hill John Hughes Richard Hughes Richard Edwards Ambrose Lewis Edward Lewis William Jones Morrice Lewis Owen Roberts Richard Bulkley Glanigors the Mayor of Beaumorris for the time being.

For the County of Brecon

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire apparent to Henry Duke of Beaufort John Gunter Esq^ High Sheriffe Sir Edward Williams Baronet Sir Rowland Gwyn Knight Bushy Mansell Thomas Morgan John Ashburnham John Jeffreys John Lewis of Coedmore Richard Williams Jeffery Jefferys Charles Morgan Edward Jones Thomas Walker Daniell Williams Walter Vaughan Edward Games John Williams John Morgan Marmaduke Gwyn Marmaduke Lloyd Edward Lewis Phillip Parry Charles Lloyd Lewis Jones James Parry Richard Jefferis John Stidman Francis Lloyd John Walbcoffe Walter Williams Robert Lucy William Bowers John Gw'ynne John Lewis William Jones Jasper Miller Rice Prue Saunder Saunders Howell Powell Morgan Watkins Thomas Williams Samuell Pritchard Richard Williams Henry Jones Gwynne Vaughan Esquires Charles Powell Bartholomew Games Thomas Powell Edward Games Hugh Pcnry Thomas Williams Richard Williams William Watkins of Penirwrld Lewis Lloyd Thomas Gwynne Henry Vaughan Doctor in Physicke William Phillips William Williams of Vellenewith William Williams of Battell John Maddox Thomas Maddox Thomas Prug Lewis Howard James Watkins Roger Vaughan Samuell Williams Henry Williams Thomas Bowens William Lloyd of James Donne

Morgan Price Robert Romsey John Herbert Thomas Jones of Treduston John Rumsey Howell Morgan Edward Williams Howrell Jones William Awbrey Walter Vaughan William Watkins John Phillips John Herbert [Edward1"] Price Daniell Price Richard Watkins and William Ward Gent.

1 Hippesly O. * Teffont O. 5 Hitchcock 0. * * Curie 0. 5 Raxell O.

6 Hennings O. i Priaulx O. * Buden O. o Matchet 0. 10 interlined on the Roll.

k

48

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

A.D. 1688.

For the Towne of Brecon

William Phillips Bayliffe for the time being Sir Rowland Gwynne Knight Thomas Morgan John Jefferies Richard Williams Thomas Walker Esqs Daniell Williams Robert Lucy Saunder Saunders John Jeffreys William Awbrey Richard Parsons Henry Thomas Edward Hughes Will: Williams Gent.

For the County of Cardigan

Sir Carbury Price of Gogarthan Baronet Sir Thomas Powell Knight Serjeant at Law John Lewis Hector Phillips John Vaughan John Herbert William Powell William Herbert Thomas Lloyd of Castlehowell Charles Lloyd of Masvellin Thomas Lloyd of Bronwith David Parry Daniell Evans Cornelius Le Brone Thomas Lloyd of Ruershen John Williams of Abemanthichan Walter Lloyd senior Walter Lloyd junior Thomas Lewis of Crigmore John Lewis of Pendavid Hugh Lloyd Phoshelig Thomas Knolles David Lloyd of Crunfrin David Lloyd of Werne William Morgan Esquires John Lewis of Gernos John Knolles John Phillips of Commawen Francis Vaughan of [Kanellenny *] Edward Price John Morrice David Griffith of Llanarth John Price of Rhandir George Jones Gentlemen The Mayor of Cardigan for the time being John Morrice Hettor Morgan David Hawells Henry Davies Gentlemen.

For the County of Carmarthen Sir Edward Mansell Sir Sackvile Crow Sir Rice Rudd Sir William Russell Baronets Sir Rice Williams Sir John Powell Knights Richard Vaughan of Tarracoed Griffith Rice Arthur Shaen Thomas Cornwallis Rowland Gwynne John Ashburnham William Wogan Owen Brigstocke Christopher Midleton Thomas Lloyd of Berliendowell Richard Vaughan of [Darlas*] John Evans of Treventy Richard Jones Walter Midleton John Williams of [AbbercolhyJ] Thomas Lloyd of Alticadnor Richard Gwynne Griffith Lloyd Roger Manwareing Henry Owen Edward Vaughan Marmaduke Williams William Brigstocke Rawleigh Mansell Edward Mansell Arthur Gwynne Richard Brett Samuell Somerford Richard Mansell John Williams of Talley Samuell Hughes Thomas Gwynne Edward Jones of Lethamoiad Henry Lloyd John Phillips of Dolehaidd James Williams William Bevan Esquires George Gwynne Anthony Rudd Thomas Lloyd of Daniralt Thomas Phillips of Kilsant David Gwynne [William Gwynne4] Owen Bowen William Jones of Colebrooke Hugh Jones Walter Morgan James Jones James Phillips Benjamin Lewis Henry Lewis Walter Thomas William Davies Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Carmarthen The Mayor for the time being Sir Edward Mansell Sir Sackvile Crow Sir Rice Rudd Baronets Sir Rice Williams Sir John Powell Knights Richard Vaughan Owen Brigstocke Rowland Gwynne Griffith Lloyd William Brigstocke Marmaduke Williams Esquires Richard Vaughan Recorder Dawkin Gove John Williams William Jones John Phillips Aldermen Edward Jones Towne Clerke Thomas Manwaring Anthony Rud David Edwards Thomas Rogers Thomas Lloyd George Lewis Gentlemen.

For the County of Camarvan Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Lord Willoughby Sonne and Heire apparent of the Earle of Lindsey The Honorable Edward Russell Thomas Bulkley Sir John Wynn Knight and Baronet Sir William Williams of Vaynoll Baronet Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Owen Knight Thomas Mostin Nicholas Bagnall Collonell William Price Roger Price William Williams Griffith Vaughan Robert Wynne Thomas Vaughan William Wynne of the Abbey George Twisleton Humphry Humphrys Doctor of Divinity Richard Jones Doctor at Law William Madrin George Coitmore James Broukard Love Parry Edwrard Williams John Thomas Owen Hughes John Rowlands William Wynne Glantr Avan Griffith Wynne William Winne of Wern John Gwyn William Glyn Randall Wynne Griffith Carey Coningsby Williams Robert Hooks Lewis Mericke William Wynn Llarunda Hugh Bodurda William Griffith of Madrin Issa Owen Jones John Owen Richard Edwards Hugh Lewis Robert Pugh Owen Wynn Owen Coitmer Humphrey Roberts Robert Griffith William Griffith Thomas Fletcher William Williams Griffith Parry Henry Arthur John Vaughan Hugh Stodart Owen Roberts.

For the County of Denbigh

Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Powell Sir Evan Lloyd Baronets Sir Jeoffry Shakerley Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Griffith Jefferyes Sir Roger Puleston Sir Robert Owen Knights Sir John Conway Baronet Sir Francis Compton Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir John Trevor Sir Thomas Grosvenor Thomas Powell of Horsley William Williams of [Plariward*] William Wynne of Melay Edward [Vaughan* 6] of Lwddiart Thomas Carter Robert Davies of Lanerch Josuah Edisbury Eubule Thelwall senior Eubule Thelwall junior Llenricke Eyton Robert Wynne of Perchu Thomas Vaughan of Pantglasse Esquires Roger Mostin of Bruinbo William Robinson Esq William Price of [Rhiwglas7] Ellis Lloyd of Poney Llan Rob: Price of Gillar Dav: Morris of [Pemebont8] Edward Morris of Lloraine John Dolben Eubule Lloyd John Midleton of [Gwanoring*] John Puliston Esquires Collonell Salisbury Robert Griffith of [Brumbo10] Esq Richard Midleton Llansillin John Chambers Hed Floid Foulke Lloyd of Foxall Esquires Master Booth-Parsnet Ellis Meredith Esq, Master John Morgan Master Richard Eyton of [Exbistock"] Richard Midleton Esq Charles Midleton Thomas Morton Edward Lloyd of Place Maddoy Esquires Master David Lloyd of Llangollin Fechan Master Thomas Pritchard of Chirk Master John Hamond Master Richard Greene Sidney Godolphin Esq Richard Wynne of Maesmocknant Esq Master Richard Lloyd of Moelvre Master Richard Wynne Abarkynleth Master Charles Lloyd de Ruthin Sir Robert Cotton Sir Walter

• Llanllenny 0. 3 Derllys 0. 3 Abbercothy 0. 4 interlined on the Roll. > Plasyward O.

6 Vaugh 0. 7 Rhiwlas 0. * Penybont 0. * Gwaymonog O. Brumber 0. 11 Erbistock 0.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

49

Baggot Simon Felwell de IJanbiddar Esq^ John Parry de Coedinarchan David Parry of Lwynyn Richard Lloyd [Llanams1] Esquires John Morris of [Glockinock *3 Gent John Roberts of [HanodibwckJ] Owen Wynne of LIwyn Esq^ Thomas Wynne of Diffrynaled David Lloyd of Bodnant Peter Ellis Esquire Sir Richard Midleton Baronet Edward Brereton Lord Willoughby of Erisby Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Lindsey John Maesmore Roger Midleton Edward Williams of Pontigwidell Esqs Pierce Foulkes of Mariadog Gent John Lloyd of Berth Sidney Binner Owen Thelwell John Power Esquires the Aldermen and Bayliffes of the Towne of Denbigh for the time being Edward Chambers of Denbigh Foulke Davies of Denbigh John Hctton of Denbigh Robert Roberts of Denbigh Robert Knolles of Denbigh Gentlemen Master Shaw of Denbigh David Williams Esq^ Major John Manley.

For the County of Flint

Lord Cholmondeley Viscount [Kelts4] in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Hanmer Knight and Baronet Sir John Conway Sir Evan Lloyd Baronets Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir William Glynn Baronet Sir Will Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Owen Sir Roger Puleston Knights Collonell Roger Whitley Collonell William Price William Hanmer Esq^ Thomas Mostin Thomas Carter Tho. Hanmer Robert Davies William Lloyd John Langley Thomas Whitley John Broughton Richard Mostin Thomas Eaton George Hope John Wynn Hugh Griffith Owen Barton senior Owen Barton junior Pierce Pennant Thomas Evans Thomas Whitley Richard Rutter [Henrick Eyton3] Esquires Roger Mostin Ellis Young Luke Lloyd Edward Lloyd Gentlemen.

For the County of Glamorgan

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire apparent to Henry Duke of Beaufort Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Stradling Sir Charles Kemis Sir John Aubrey Baronets Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir Richard Basset Sir Humphry Mackworth Sir Humphry Edwin Knights John Windham Serjeant at Law Tho: Mansell Tho Morgan Rich: Lewis Tho Lewis David Jenkins William Herbert Francis Gwynne Richard Seys Thomas Carne Lieftenant Collonell Matthews Barton Button John Ivon William Windham Charles Matthews Thomas Button Thomas Lewis of Lan William Thomas Thomas Morgan Edward Matthew John Carne Richard Longher Bussy Mansell Richard Jenkins Oliver St Johns Edward Herbert William Herbert Marmadukc Gibbs Edward Mansell William Herbert of Killebebell Mansell Stradling Lewis Thomas Edward Turbevile John Rumsey William Awbrey David Evans Rowland Dawkins George Bowen Walter Evans Thomas Gibbin Reynald Deere John Llewellin Edm Parkins Esquires Richard Jenkins Thomas Rice John Payne Thomas Mansell Edward Mansell John Basset Rowland Hughes James Gwynne Anthony Gwynne Godwin Herbert William Matthews Jeremy Dawkins Thomas Price Thomas Hopkins William Bassett Thomas Basset Richard Williams William Lewis Phillip Williams Gentlemen The Bayliffes of Cardiffe for the time being Thomas Williams Cradocke Wells William Jones [Purnell6] Gentlemen The

Bayliffes of Cowbridge The Port-Reeves of Neath for the time being The Port Reeve of Swanzey for the time being.

For the County of Merioneth

Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby Sonne and Heire apparent of the Earle of Lindsey Sir Richard Midleton Baronet Sir Hugh [Owen7] Baronet Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Owen Knight Griffith Vaughan of Corsigedar Griffith Nanney of Nanney John Lloyd of [Mayescy Pandis8] William Lewis An will of Parke William Price of Rhiwlas Edward Vaughan of Llwddiart William Pugh of [Mathavem9] William Winne of Melay Lewis Owins of Penniarth William Williams of Plasiward Owen Amvill of [Penthin'"] John Lloyd of Aberlavenny Vincent Corbet John Nanney of IJanvendiget Roger Price of Rhiwlas Charles [Aughes"] of Gworglasse Edmond Meiricke Esquires Owen Eyton Gentleman Robert Winne of Mayesy Neioth Meredith Lloyd Richard Mitton Anthony Thomas Richard Poole of Kaenest Richard Mostin John Vaughan of Glanylln Lewis Lewis Jenkin Vaughan John Mayesmore Thomas Lloyd of Llandeywin Esquires Mr.William Eyton [Sir"] Robert Pugh of Penarth Robert Price of Isgarvewar John Jones William Tydar of Ecgrim Rowland Price Richard Owens Rowland Thomas Esquires Mr. Robert Nanney of [Kendaudwrn ,3] Mr John Lewis Mr John Lloyd of [Refufais14] Mr Harry Mostin Mr William Owens of Llangar Mr John Humphrys Mr Edward Wynne of Llangower Mr Hugh Hughes Mr Ellis Oliver of Penmayne Mr Evan Lloyd of Rhiwgoch Mr Oliver Thomas Mr John Lloyd of Fron Mr Robert Oliver of Penmayne Mr Thomas Roberts of Llandervell Mr Griffith Roberts of Rhiwgoch Mr Robert Lloid of Fron Mr Hughes of Tonwin Mr Hugh Owen of Kaer Perlan Mr Robert Vaughan of Kaer Ronnw Mr William Iiumphris Mr Thomas Lloyd of llendwr Mr Richard Iiumphris Mr Griffith Vaughan of Doleinynunllyn Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronet Mr John Price of Llwyne Greene Mr Morris Davies Mr Humphry Hughes of Penbrin Mr Andrew Jones of [Rhidren15].

For the County of Mountgomery

The Honourable Andrew Newport Esq., Sir John Price Sir John Witterong Sir Francis Lawley Sir Udell Corbet Baronets Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Sir Thomas Jones Knight Price Deverax Edward Vaughan John Vaughan of Trowscod John Mathews of Trenany Edward Lloyd of Beth Lloyd William Pugh of Mathavem Francis Herbert Richard Owen senior Richard Owen junior Evan Glynn Mathew Price of Parke Vincent Pierce Mathew Morgan Meredith Morgan Edward Price Richard Herbert Thomas Rock Richard Stedman Walter Wareing Esquires Thomas Mason Richard Mason Robert Owens of the Woodhouse Humphrey Kiniston John Kiffin John [Hamner ,6] Walter C.lopton Edward Kinaston of Hordley Robert Leighton of Watlesburrough Edward Leighton of the same Charles Herbert Arthur Weaver William Williams John Edwards of Rorington Robert Lloyd Richard Llee Phillip Eyton Daniell Whittingham Arthur Vaughan Gabreall Wynne Arthur Devereux Vaughan Devereux

Llanyms 0. * Glockainock 0. 3 Huvod y bwck « Kels 0.

Kenrick Eaton 0. * Purcell 0. 7 Owens 0. 8 Maes y pandu O.

Mathavem 0. 10 Penrhin 0. " Hughes 0. 11 interlined on the RolL

Kefudanddwm O. u Kefufais 0. Khyd y ren 0. »• Hanmer O.

i

A.D. 1688.

IV.

29 Car. II. c. 1. revived.

V.

Meetings and Proceedings of Commissioners to execute Ad.

may divide themselves.

VI.

Commissioners to appoint a Receiver General for each County.

Security.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

Thomas Lloyd of Trowsecoate Thomas Juxse Richard Ingram Humphry Jones Sidney Binner Richard Mesten Richard Owen Rowland Owen of Lunloth Hector Phillips Sydney Godolphin Lumley Williams senior Lumley Williams junior Nathaniell Maurice David Maurice John Thomas of Penegos Esquires Humphrey Lloid of Goytree Samuell Lloyd John Vaughon of Mivod Richard Davis Evan Vaughan Robert Evans of Llandirinio John Herbert Gilbert Jones of Poole John Griffiths of Glanhaverin George Robinson Griffith Robinson Richard Price of Gunley Rich: Price of Bettus Hugh Derwas Rob: Kiniston Hugh Davis of Colfrin Humphrey Jones of Garthmill Henry Vaughan Randell Owen William Kiffin David Meredith of Llanwithelan Thomas GWynne Richard Glyn Evan Bowen of Penwyeralt John Wilson [Price1] Lloyd Edward Jones Gentlemen Richard [Rocks2] Roger Trevor William Lloyd of Finant Robert Price of Llanvillinge Thomas Griffiths of Crigion Thomas Hodson Reese Lloyd of [Coney3] Morgan David of Pennegos John Griffiths of Bachiee Gentlemen The Bayliffes of the Towne and Liberty of Mountgomery for the time being the Mayor of the Towne and Liberties of [Llanidlas4] for the time being the Bayliffes for the Towne and Liberties of Welchpoole for the time being the Bayliffes for the Towne and Liberties of Llanvillinge for the time being.

For the County of Peinbrooke

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount Cassells in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Erasmus Philips Sir Hugh Owen Sir John Barlow Baronets Hector Philips Essex Meiricke Arthur Owen Rowland Langhome Edward Philips Hugh Bowen William Wogan William Scourfield Walter Midleton William Philips John Owen John Williams David Williams Griffith Dawes Thomas Lloyd of Grove John Barlow of Lawrenny Lewis Wogan of Boulston Lewis Wogan of Wiston George Lort William Mordaunt William Lucy John Cannon Griffith Hawkwell George Bowen James Lloyd William Warren Thomas Corbet William [Skirme-] George Meare Lewis John Charles Philips David Maurice William Wogan junior George Le Hunt John Philips John Lewis Arthur Langhorne Hugh Langhorne John Edwards Hugh Wogan Esquires Erasmus Corbet Captaine William Williams G wynne Vaughan William Ford Owen Ford William Jones John Childe Jenkin Jones Thomas Jones Henry Walter George Harris John Owen of Priskclly George Lloyd John Owen of Berllan Rice Powell James Langhorne the Mayor of Pembrooke for the time Francis Rogers Francis Dawes John [Coumey6] Aldermen The Mayor of Tenby for the time Henry Williams James Lloyd Devereux Hammond Aldermen Rice Adams John Wogan.

For the County of Radnor

Sir John Morgan Sir Standish Hartstrong Sir Edward Williams Baronets Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Rowland Gwynne Knight Sir Lacon Childe William ' Fowles Richard Williams Henry Walcott Thomas Lewis Edward Lewis Thomas Lewis junior Marmaduke Gwynne Samuell Powell Thomas Harley I.itieton Powell Henry Probert Edward Price Thomas Vaughan William Probert Edward Davies Edward Howorth John Fowles Robert Lucy Nicholas Taylor Charles Lloyd Charles Creed William Brewster James Lloyd John Walsham Esquires Lewis Lloyd Thomas Lewis of Nantgwilt Nicholas Meredith senior Thomas Davies John Davies of Coedglassant John Davies of Fronlasse Thomas Howorth Jeremy Powell [Evan Bowen7] Evan Vaughan and William Lloyd Coroners Gentlemen Lemuell Lloyd William Taylor Hugh Lewis William Morgan Peter Rickets Jonas Stephens [Herbert Weston John Stephens7] Loyd Weston Henry Bull Harry Vaughan Walter Vaughan Thomas Powell Edward Phillips Griffith Paine Thomas Griffiths Robert Williams Josiah Williams John Whitney Nehemiah Kettleby Hugh Stephens Gentlemen The Bayliffe of New Radnor and the two Aldermen for the time being.

For the Towne and County of Haverford West.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir Hugh Owen Baronets William Wogan Arthur Owen Lewis Wogan of Boulston Lewis Wogan of Wiston Hugh Wogan John Lewis of Maner Navon Richard Howells William Skirme Henry Walter Esquires William Fatherton DoCtor in Physicke Roger Davids Robert Prust senior John Bateman John Fowler Thomas Poyer William Bowon William Braon George Lewis Jacob Wolford Vincent Powell Robert Prust [senior*] William Bateman junior Aldermen Thomas Harries James Langhorne William Bowen Thomas Llewellin Gentlemen.

Provided alwayes And bee it Enacted That the said recited Act as to the said Powers Authorities Rules and Directions and all other the Clauses therein contained touching Landlords and Tennants and other matters relateing to the Charges Taxes Assesments and Disbursements thereby Directed and not otherwise herein liinitted and appointed shall be and is hereby Revived and in full Force and Vertue as if they had beene herein particularly Inserted.

Ani» bee it further Enacted and Declared That the severall Commissioners aforesaid shall meete together at the most usuall and common place of Meeting within each of the said Counties Cities Burroughes Townes and Places respectively on or before the Tenth day of Aprill in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the said First Generali Meeting or the major part of them are hereby Authorized and Required to putt this present Act in Execution according to the best of their Judgements and Discretions and shall then if they shall see cause subdivide and distribute themselves into lesser Numbers soe as three or more of the said Commissioners may be appointed for the Service of each Hundred or other Division and soe as may best conduce to the carrying on of Their Majestyes Service hereby required

And bee it further Enacted and Declared That the Commissioners at their aforesaid Generali Meeting or the major part of them shall and are hereby Authorized and Required to nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seales an Honest Able and Responsible Person to be Receiver Generali for each County Rideing City or Division respectively takeing sufficient Security from such Receiver Generali in the Names of the King and Queene for Their Majesties Use.

1 Pirce O.

* Skyrmc 0.

* Rocke O.

* Courcey O.

5 Cownay 0.

' interlined on the Roll.

4 Llanidlos O. • Junior O.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. &Mar. c. 3.

51

And bee it further Enacted That every Receiver Generali from time to time within the space of One Weeke VII.

next after he shall have received the full Summe that shall be charged upon any Hundred or Division for each particular Payment that is to be made to such Receiver Generali by vertue of this Act shall give to the Commissioners Commissioner* that shall act in such Hundred or Division a Receipt under his Hand and Seale acknowledgeing his Receipt of Payments made to the full Summe charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular Payment which Receipt shall be a full Discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular Payment against Their Majesties and Their Successors

VIII.

And bee it further Enacted That the Summe of Two hundred six thousand foure hundred sixty two pounds 'nme8 of assessing seventeene shillings three pence being the first of the said two Quarterly Payments hereby Imposed shall be Assessed lJle Two Quarterly Collected Levyed and Paid unto the Receiver Generali of the said severall Counties and Places on or before the Foure and twentieth Day of June in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine And the Summe of Two hundred six thousand foure hundred sixty two pounds seventeene shillings three pence being the second of the said [two*] Quarterly Payments on or before the Nine and twentyeth Day of September in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine And the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver Commissioners to or cause to be delivered a Schedule or Note containing the particular Summes Assessed upon each Parish or Qf sums assessed *10 Place to the Receiver Generali of each County Rideing City Burrough Towne or Place respectively to be by him Receiver General, the said Receiver Generali transmitted into the King's Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer within Fifteene Dayes after he shall have received the same

And bee it further Enacted and Declared That the Money received by the said Collectors within the respective ^ A IX-

J . . * Collectors to pay

Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duely paid to the Receiver Generali or to his Deputie or Money received by

Deputies to be appointed under his Hand and Seale of which Deputy or Deputies Notice under the Hand and GenendRccmer

Seale of the Receiver Generali shall be given unto the Commissioners or any two of them within the respective

Divisions or Hundreds within Eight Dayes after the first generall Meeting and soe from time to time within Eight

Dayes after every Death or Removeall of any Deputy if any such shall happen And the Receipt of such Receiver Receipt of Receiver

Generall his Deputy or Deputyes or any of them shall be a sufficient Discharge to every such Collector DiSi

And bee it further Enacted and Declared That the particular Collectors are hereby required to pay in all and p.rtici ja^5* every the Summes soe received by them unto the said Receivers Generall or their Deputie or Deputies for Payment Collectors to pay in whereof the said Collectors shall not be obliged to Travell above Ten Miles from the Place of their Habitations JjJe^to^ece^x^* which said Receivers Generall are hereby required forthwith to Transmitt or cause to be paid the Money by General, them received into the Receipt of the Exchequer And the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners C°ne£tor* not

• . 1 1 obliged to travel

of the Treasury for the time being or any three or more of them are hereby Authorized and Required to allow more than 10 Miles

the said Receiver Generall of each County Rideing City and Towne respectively in case he hath Returned up as R^7ve^eoend

aforesaid a Duplicate of the Assesments of each Parish or Place in the County Rideing City or Towne for which

he is appointed Receiver Generall a Salary for his paines not exceeding Two pence in the Pound upon the clearing Salary to Receiver

[of1] his Accompt which Duplicate soe to be Returned into the said Receipt of the Exchequer is to containe

noe more then the [Summe1] in Grosse to be collected by each Collector and the severall Names of the said

Collectors

And to the intent that the said Receivers Generall may Rtturne a true Account into His Majestyes Court of XI-

Exchequer of such Summes of Money as shall be Received by them and every of them their and every of their

Deputie and Deputies Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if an) such Receiver Generall shall Receiver* General

Returne or Certifie into the said Court any Summe or Summes of Money to be in Arreare or Unpaid after the Certification

same have beene received either by such Receiver Generall or by his Deputie or Deputies or any of them or Ret.urn» or

1 # ' r r J setting Insuper;

shall cause any person or persons to be sett insuper in the said Court for any Summe or Summes of Money that

hath beene soe Received That then every such Receiver Generall shall be lyable to pay to every person and

persons that shall be Molested Vexed or Damaged by reason of such unjust Certificate Returne or setting insuper

the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned The said Damages to be recovered by Action of Debt BUI Plaint to PaV Damages j

or Information in which noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one

Imparlance And shall alsoe forfeite to His Majestic His Heires and Successors double the Summe that shall be and a Penalty of . . . . . Double the Sum.

soe unjustly Certified or Returned or caused to be sett insuper

XII.

Provided alwayes and bee it further Enadfed That every Receiver Generall shall and is hereby required to Reccjvcr General make a Certificate under his Hand and Seale to the respedtivo Commissioners of each County City Burrough cer™j£*tcato Towne or Place of the Quarterly Payments to him made by the respective Collectors within Fifteene dayes after Commissioners of the times hereby respectively Limitted for the same and of all Neglects or Deficiencies by them or any of them in the Payment thereof

• XIII

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That the Collectors of each Parish or Place which shall be Allowance to

appointed by vertue of this Act shall upon Collection of the whole Summe appointed to be collected by them Collectors,

and Payment thereof as is hereby before appointed Have and Receive for their Paines in Collecting and Paying the Moneys Foure pence in the Pound which the said Collectors are impowred to delaine out of the last Payment of the Money of their severall and respective two Quarterly Payments.

XIV.

And the said Receiver Generall upon the Receipt of the whole Assesment of the County Rideing City or Allowance to

Towne for which he is appointed Receiver Generall in case he hath received the severall Duplicates of each Q^Urionen

Parish or Place therein and not otherwise shall allow and pay according to such Warrant as shall be in that bchalfe given by the said Comissioners or any three or more of them One peny in the Pound for the Commissioners Clerks [for their Paines1] in faire Writeing the Assesments Duplicates and Copies

1 interlined on the Roll.

1 Sumes O.

interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1688.

xv.

Places assessed to pay according to 29 Car. II. c. 1.

XVI. Receivers General to give

Acquittances to Col left or s.

XVII. Proviso for Universities and Colleges of Windsor, Eaton, Winchester, Westminster Free Schools, Hospitals, and Alms-Houses, Christ's Hospital, St. Bartholomew, Bridewell,

St. Thomas, and Bethlehem.

XVIII.

But Tenants of the said Hospitals to pay according to their Assessments.

XIX. Commissioners free from Penalties of 25 Car. II. c.2.

XX

Persons lending Money on Credit of Act to have Tally of Loan from the Exchequer.

XXI. Orders for Repayment of Money lent registered in course.

XXII.

Monies to come in liable in the same Order to the •Satisfaction of the Parties.

XXIII.

No Fees to be taken for making Books, Entries, &c.

XXIV. Undue Preference given by Officers. Penalty.

Forejudged of his Office.

1° Gul. 6c Mar. c. 3.

Provided alwayes And bee it further Enacted and Declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the avoiding of all Obstructions and Delates in Colleding the Summes by this Act to be Rated and Assessed all such Places Offices Constablewicks Divisions and Allowances shall pay and be Assessed in such County Hundred Place Rape Division or Wapentake according to the like Proportions and Distributions in respect to this present Assesment as they were Assessed and Taxed by the said Act made in the Nine and twentyeth Yeare of the Raigne of His said late Majestie King Charles the Second

Provided ahvayes and bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the severall Receivers Generali which shall be appointed according to this Act their Deputy or Deputies shall from time to time at every Payment appointed thereby give unto the severall Collectors within their respective Precincts upon the Payment of the whole Summes due at such times of Payment from their respective Parishes Constablewricks or Places within each of their Colledions severall Acquittances under their Hands without takeing any thing for the same And that in like manner at every time of Payment appointed by this Act the Receiver Generali of each County his Deputy or Deputies shall give unto the severall Collectors aforesaid upon the Payment of the wiiole Summe or any part thereof due for their Parish or Place respectively at each time of Payment aforesaid severall Acquittances under their Hands and Seals without takeing any thing for the same which said Acquittances of every respective Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputies shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Collectors and to such Parish and Place respectively and to every Person charged within the said Collectors Charge against Their Majesties and Their Successors for the Summe or Summes of money soe Acquitted.

Provided That nothing contained in this Act be extended to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the two Universities or of the Colledges of Windsor Eaton Winton or Westminster or any Hospitall for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges Halls or Hospitails nor any Master Fellow or Scholler of any such Colledge or Hall or in any other Free Schools or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universities Colledges or Schools or of any Hospitails or AlmsHouses for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Profitts whatsoever ariseing or growing due to them in respect of the said severall Places and Employments in the said Universities Colledges Schools Hospitails or AlmesHouses Nor to Charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall Saint Bartholomews Bridewell Saint Thomas and Bethlehem Hospitall in the City of London and Burrough of Southw'arke or any of them for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitails being to be Received and Disbursed for the immediate Use and Reliefe of the Poore in the said Hospitails.

Provided That noe Tennants that Hold and Enjoy any Lands or Houses by Lease or other Grant from any

of the said Hospitails doe Claime and Enjoy any Freedome Exemption or Advantage by this Act but that all the

Houses and Lands which they soe Hold shall be Rated and Assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitails

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners who shall be imployed in the Execution of this Act shall be lyable for or by reason of such Execution to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act made [in' ] the Five and twenryeth yeare of King Charles the Second for the preventing [the1] Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants for not takeing the Oathes and Subscribing the Declaration therein mentioned

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons who shall lend any Moneys not exceeding Three hundred and seventy thousand pounds in the whole to Your Majesties upon the Credit of this Act and Pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Talley of Loane struck for the same and an Order for his Repayment bearing the same Date with his Tally in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for forbearance not exceeding

the Rate of Six pounds per Centum per Annum for his Consideration to be paid every three Months untill the

Payment of his Principall

And that all Orders for Repayment of Money Lent shall be registred in Course according to the Date of the

Tally respectively And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in Course according as their Orders

shall stand Entred in the Register Booke be it Orders for Payment directed by Your Majestyes or of Moneys Lent as aforesaid Soe as that the person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first Entred in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and Accompted as the first person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by vertue of this Act And he or they that shall have his or their Warrants or Orders Warrant or Order next Entred shall be taken and accounted to be the Second Person to be paid and soe successively and in course

And that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyable to the satisfaction of the said

respective Parties their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever

And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any Your Majesties Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entryes View or Search in or for Payment of Money Lent or the Interest thereof as aforesaid by any Your Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputies on paine of Payment of treble Damages to the [Pary1] grieved by the Partie offending with Costs of Suite Or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his Place alsoe

And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the Partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Party grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office.

1 O. omits.

• of O.

5 Party 0.

A.D. 1688.

53

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 3, 4.

And if any such Preference be unduely made by any his Deputie or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office

And in case the Auditor shall not Direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Teller make Payment according to each Persons due Place and Order as aforedirected Then he or they shall be judged to forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such Manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputies or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Your Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes And bee it hereby Declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loane or Orders for Payments Directed by Your Majesties as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be Registred Then it shall be interpreted noe undue Preference which of those he Enters first soe he Enters them all the same Day

Provided also That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incurr any Penalty in point of Payment if the Auditor DireCf and the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much Money

reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed hut kept for them Interest for

Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Banke for them

And bee it further EnaCIed by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Person or Persons to whome any Money

shall be due by vertue of this AC! after Warrant or Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement of his Order or Warrant may Assigne and

Transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefit of such Warrant or Order or any part thereof to any other which

being nodfyed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry and Memoriall thereof (1 ) alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Warrants which the Officer shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make shall Entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefit thereof and payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner Assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignments to make Void Release or Discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any Part thereof

And be further Enacted That if any Action Suite Plaint or Information shall be Commenced or Prosecuted

against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this AC! such person or persons soe Sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may Pleade the Generali Issue and upon any Issue joyned may give this AC! and the Speciall Matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for Reviveing of Actions and Processe lately Depending in the Courts at Westminster and Discontinued by the not holding of Hillary Terme and for supplying other DefeCIs relateing to Proceedings at Law.

WHEREAS the Terme of St Hillary in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty eight could not be holden and kept for which if due Provision be not made great Delay of Justice and consequently great Expences to the Suitors in the severall Courts usually held at Westminster will insue.

Therefore for the [Continueing:] and Reviveing all manner of ACtions or Pleas lately Depending and all manner of Processe that were Returnable or Depending in any of the said Courts and which were Discontinued and putt without Day by the not holding the said Terme Bee it Enacted by our Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queene by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal! and the Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That all Pleas Writts Bills Actions Suites Plaints Processe Precepts or other Things whatsoever that were Returnable or had Day or Dayes in the Courts of Chancery Kings Bench Common Pleas or Exchequer in O&abis Hillarii Quindena Ilillarii Crastino Purifications Beate Marie [or O&abis Purificationis Beate Marie3] last past or at any Day or Days certaine after any of the said Returns shall Stand Continue and be Revived to all intents and purposes and are hereby Continued and Adjourned unto and shall and may be Pleaded Heard and Proceeded upon at and on the Returne in Quindena Pasche next ensueing And that all Parties that had Day by any Pleas Writs Bills Actions Suites Plaints Processe Precepts or other Thing or Things whatsoever at or in any of the said Returns in the said Terme of St Hillary or at any Day or Days certaine after any of the said Returns in the said Courts or any of them shall appeare in the said Courts respectively at and on the said Returne in Quindena Pasche under the Penalty of forfeiting any Obligations or Recognizances Conditioned for the Appearance of the said Parties at any time of the said Returns or Dayes in the said Terme of St Hillary or under any other Penalty that might have incurred upon die said Parties their Pledges and Sureties for not Appearing at any of the said Returns or Dayes if the said Terme had beene holden or kept

1 thereof O. * Recontinueing O. 3 interlined on the Roll.

XXV.

Or by Deputy. The like Punishment.

XXVI. Auditor and other Officers offending. Penalty.

How recovered.

XXVII. What shall not be undue Preference.

XXVIII.

The like Provision.

XXIX.

Persons to whom Money due by virtue of Act, may assign and transfer his Right. Memorial of Assignment without Fee.

Assignee may also in like Manner assign his Right.

If Action brought General Issue may be pleaded.

T reblc Costs.

Rot. Parl. p. 5. nu. I.

II.

Continuing Actions and Pleas lately depending.

Pleas, &c. that were returnable at certain Days revived,

and Parties to appear.

Penalty.

p

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 4.

A.D. 1688.

III.

Writs of Error in Exchequer Chamber before Judges of Common Pleas, &c. revived,

and Parties to appear.

IV.

Writs of Error in Exchequer Chamber before Lord Chancellor, Sec.

revived,

and Parties to appear.

V.

Proclamation upon Fines accounted made.

VI.

Judgment by Confession entered in Easter Term.

VII.

Writ, Sec. in what Case good without Original or being atteited.

VIII.

Writs of Habeas Corpus may be prosecuted in Civil Causes as if Hilary Term had been kept.

IX.

Proviso for Proceedings in the Duchy Court, Great Sessions in Wales and Counties Palatine, Sec.

X.

All Offences and Actions during the Interregnum may be sued.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Writs of Error brought ifpon any Judgements given in the Kings Bench Returnable or upon which any Day was given before the Justices of the Common Bench and Barons of the Exchequer in the Exchequer Chamber to any time in the said Terme of St Hillary and all Pleadings and Proceedings thereupon shall and are hereby Revived Recontinued and Adjourned unto the Twentyeth day of Aprill in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred Eighty nine before the Justices of the Common Bench and Barons of the Exchequer in the Exchequer Chamber to be then and there Heard and Proceeded upon in such manner as if the said Writs Pleadings and Proceedings had beene continued to the said Twentyeth day of Aprill and all Parties are to Appeare at the said Day under the same Penalty that would have been incurred by them their Pledges and Sureties if they had made Default at the Day in the said Terme of St Hillary in which the said Writs were returnable or Day thereupon was given

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Writts of Error brought upon any Judgements given in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster Returnable or upon which any Day was given before the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer in the Exchequer Chamber at any time in the said Terme of St Hillary and all Pleadings and Proceedings thereupon shall be and are hereby Revived Recontinued and Adjourned unto Tuesday the Twenty third Day of Aprill in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine in the Exchequer Chamber to be then and there Heard and Proceeded upon as if the same had beene Continued to the said Twenty third (‘) of Aprill and all Parties are to Appeare at the said Day under the same Penalty that would have beene incurred by them their Pledges and Sureties if they had made Default at the Day in the said Terme of St Hillary in which the said Writs were Returnable or Day thereupon was given

And forasmuch as noe Proclamation upon any Fine Levyed in the said Court of Common Pleas by reason of the not holding the said Terme of St Hillary could be then made for Remedy whereof Bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Fine upon which any Proclamation ought to have beene made if the said Terme had beene held shall be as Good and Effectuall as if such Proclamation had beene made And if the Fourth and last Proclamation was to [havel] been made in the said Terme of St Hillary the five Yeares in which any person and persons were to make his or their Entry in or Claime to any Lands and Tenements comprized in such Fine shall begin and be accounted from the Twelfth Day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty eight

And bee it Enacted That where any Judgement or Judgements was or were by vertue of any Warrant of Attourney to have beene Confessed or Entred in any of the said Courts of Westminster against any person or persons in the said Hillary Terme the same shall and may be Entred in the said Easter Terme soe as the Parties be then liveing

And for the preventing of any further delay in prosecuting of Suits Bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be Lawfull for any person or persons whatsoever before the Seventeenth day of Aprill in the yeare of Our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine to Bring Sue or Prosecute any Precept Writ meane Processe or Execution or any other Processe whatsoever Returnable in the said respective Courts [in3] some Retume or Day in Easter Terme next ensueing the said Writs Returnable in the Courts of Kings Bench Common Pleas and Exchequer shall be dated on the day the same are actually Sued out which Writts and Processe soe Sued Prosecuted and Executed shall be good and available in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever notwithstanding the want of any Originall Writt or being Attested

And alsoe it shall and may be lawfull before the said Seaventeenth day of Aprill to Prosecute any Writt or Writs of Habeas Corpus in Civill Causes soe to be Dated as aforesaid Returnable immediately before any of the Justices of the Kings Bench Common Pleas and Barons of the Exchequer respectively who may take such Course and Proceede thereupon in granting Procedendo's to be Dated as aforesaid or otherwise in such manner as if the said Terme of St Hillary had beene holden and kept

And bee it further Enacted That all Pleas Writs Bills Actions Suites Plaints Processe Precepts Proceedings Indictments and Informations Causes Matters or Things whatsoever Pleaded Returned Depending or being in the Court of the Dutchy Chamber at Westminster in the Courts of the Great Sessions in the Dominion of Wales or in the Courts within the Counties Palatine of [Lancaster Chester4] or Durham or in any other Court or Courts of Law or Equity within this Kingdome upon the Eleaventh day of December in the Yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred eighty eight shall stand Continued and be Revived to all Constructions and Purposes and are hereby Revived and Continued and shall and may be Pleaded Tryed Adjudged Heard and Proceeded upon without any Continuance or Adjournment whatsoever

And forasmuch as since the Eleaventh day of December in the yeare of our Lord One Thousand six hundred eighty eight and before the Thirteenth day of February following diverse Crimes and Offences have beene Committed and Done and diverse Causes of Actions have arisen and accrued Bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all persons that have within the time mentioned committed any Murder Manslaughter Burglary Perjury or Forgery and likewise any other person or persons who have within that time Committed or done any other Crimes and Offences for which he or they were in Custody or stood upon Baile on the said Thirteenth day of February shall and may be proceeded against and punished in such manner as he or they might have beene by Law if the said Crimes and Offences had beene Committed or Done before the said Eleventh day of December and all persons whatsoever for any Cause or Matter arisen or accrued since the said Eleventh day of December and before the said Thirteenth day of February shall be lyable to any Action to be brought or prosecuted against him or them for the same and it shall and may be sufficient in all Indictments and Informations for any such Crimes

1 day 0. * interlined on the Roll. 1 onO. * Chester L.incaster 0.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 4, 5.

55

and Offences to be preferred and exhibited And in all Actions and Declarations for any such Cause or Matter to be brought to alledge the Yeare of our Lord God instead of the Yeare of the King's Raigne And in any such Indictments Informations or Actions wherein Conclusions used to be Contra pacem Domini Regis to conclude Contra pacem Regni And all Indictments for any Felonies committed within that time shall be good and effectuall haveing the words Contra pacem Regni though the words Domini Regis Coronam & Dignitatem suas be oinmitted

And bee it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That all Recognizances Statutes or Obligations whatsoever made since the said Eleventh day of December and before the said Thirteenth day of February following in the Name of and to the late King James the Second shall be Good and Effe&uall in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever and shall be Sued by and in the Name of Our Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queene and their Successors And all person and persons whatsoever which within that time were bound by any Recognizance or Recognizances to the said late King James with Condition for his and their Appearance in the said Court of Kings Bench at any time in the Terme of Saint Hillary then next following or at the next Assises Sessions of Oyer and Terminer Generali Gaole-Delivery or of the Peace to be held for any City County or Place shall be obliged to Appeare in the said Court of Kings Bench at and on the First Day of Easter Terme in the Yeare of Our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine and at the next Assises Sessions of Oyer and Terminer Generali Goale-Delivery and of the Peace to be held for the said City County or Place respectively under the Penalty of Forfeiting the said Recognizance or Recognizances by him them and their Sureties

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Writts and Processe whatsoever issueing out of any of the said Courts of Westminster as of Michaelmas Terme in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty eight that have beene Executed before the same were Returnable And all Bills Plaints Judgements

and Proceedings in the Courts of Cityes or Townes Corporate or any other inferior Court and all Executions

thereupon had since the said Eleventh day of December and before the said Thirteenth day of February shall be good and effectual 1 in the Law as if the said late King had remained in the Exercise of his Regall Power.

And bee it further Enacted That all Baile Bonds taken by Persons who were in the Places of or acted as

Sheriffes though they were not lawfully Qualifyed or Authorized soe to doe since the first day of November One

thousand six hundred eighty seven And that all Recognizances of Baile taken or acknowledged since the said Eleventh day of December before any Person who upon the First Day of the said Month of December was Justice of the Kings Bench Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer shall be good and effectuall to all Intents and Purposes •and shall and may be Inrolled in the said respective Courts in the said Terme of Easter One thousand six hundred eighty nine And that all Coiiiitments to Prison on any Writt or Processe of any Person or Persons by the said Judges any or either of them since the said Eleventh day of December shall be as available in Law to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had beene done by or before lawfull Sheriffes or Judges.

And forasmuch as since the Tenth day of December One thousand six hundred eighty eight the Chauncery was not open nor yet is whereby the Subjett was hind red from prosecuting any Originall Writt Bee it therefore Enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe part of the time from the said Tenth day of December untill the Twelfth day of March One thousand six hundred eighty eight shall be esteemed or accounted as any part of the six Months from the time of the avoidance of any Church in which any Patron upon any disturbance is bound to bring his Darrein Presentment or Quare Impedit or as any part of the time within which any person or persons by vertue of any Statute for Limitation of Actions ought to bring his or their Action or Actions But that all and every person and persons shall have allowance of soe much time from the Twelfth day of March as did or shall incurr betweene the said Tenth day of December and the said Twelfth day of March.

The Year of our l.ord to be inserted instead of the King's Reign;

and Conclusions to be Contra pacem Regni.

All Indi&ments with such Conclusions good. XI.

Recognizances, See. to the late King James may be sued;

and all Persons bound thereby for Appearance are to appear.

XII.

All Process of Michaelmas Term 1686 good.

XIII.

Bail Bonds taken since i st November,

and Recognizances of Bad taken since I ith December, good

and all

Commitments.

XIV.

The Time from loth Dec. until i a h March 1688 not accounted in Quare Impedit, &c. or in Statute of Limitations.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall Mutiny or Desert Their Majestyes Service.

XT THERE AS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdome in time of Peace unlesse it be TV with Consent of Parlyament is against Law And whereas it is judged necessary by Their Majestyes and this present Parliament That dureing this time of Danger severall of the Forces which are now on foote should be continued and others raised for the Safety of the Kingdome for the Common Defence of the Protestant Religion and for the reduceing of Ireland

And whereas noe Man may be forejudged of Life or Limbe or subjected to any kinde of punishment by Martiall Law or in any other manner then by the Judgement of his Peeres and according to the knowne and Established Laws of this Realme Yet neverthelesse it being requisite for retaineing such Forces as are or shall be raised dureing this Exigence of Affaires in their Duty an exact Discipline be observed And that Soldiers who shall Mutiny or stirr up Sedition or shall desert Their Majestyes Service be brought to a more Exemplary and speedy Punishment then the usuall Forms of Law will allow

Bee it therefore Enacted by the King and Queenes most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by Authoritie of the same That from and after the Twelfth day of Aprill in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine every Person being in Their Majestyes Service in the Army and being Mustered and in

/?•/. Pari. pi. 5. nu. 2.

II.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 5, 6.

Exciting Mutiny. Punishment.

III.

Crown may grant Commissions to call Court Martials.

IV.

Number of Members.

V.

Field Officers how tried.

Court may administer Oath.

VI.

Proviso for ordinary Process of Law*.

VII.

Act not to extend to Militia.

VIII.

Act in force till i Oth Nov. 1689.

IX.

Members of Court Martial to take an Oath.

Form*

X.

Where Sentence of Death given. Number of Majority of

Umcers.

Pay as an Officer or Soldier who shall at any time before the Tenth Day of November in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine Excite Cause or Joyne in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Army or shall desert Their Majestyes Service in the Army shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-Martiall shall be Inflicted

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That Their Majestyes or the Generali of Their Army for the time being may by vertue of this Act: have full Power and Authority to grant Commissions to any Lieftenants Generali or other Officers not under the Degree of Collonells from time to time to Call and Assemble Court Martialls for Punishing such Offences as aforesaid

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That noe Court Martiall which shall have power to inflict any punishment by vertue of this Act for the Offences aforesaid shall consist of fewer then thirteene whereof none t obe under the degree of Captaines.

Provided alwayes That noe Field Officer be Tryed by other then Field Officers And that such Court Martiall shall have Power and Authoritie to administer an Oath to any Witnesse in order to the Examination or Try all of the Offences aforesaid

Provided alwayes that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to Exempt any Officer or Soldier whatsoever from the Ordinary Processe of Law

Provided alwayes That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be any wayes construed to extend to or concerne any the Militia Forces of this Kingdome

Provided alsoe that this Act shall continue and be in Force untill the said Tenth day of November in the said Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine and noe longer

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That in all Tryalls of Offenders by Courts Martiall to be held by vertue of this Act where the Offence may be punished by death every Officer present at such Try all before any Proceeding be had thereupon shall take an Oath upon the Evangelists before the Court (and the Judge Advocate or his Deputy shall and are hereby respectively Authorized to Administer the same) in these words That is to say

YOU shall well and truely Try and Determine according to your Evidence the Matter now before you betweene Our Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queens Majestyes and the Prisoner to be Tryed.

Soe helpe you God.

And noe Sentence of Death shall be given [against1] any Offender in such Case by any Court Martiall unlesse

nine of Thirteene Officers present shall concurr therein And if there be a greater number of Officers present

then the Judgement shall passe by the concurrence of the greater part of them soe Sworne and not otherwise

and noe Proceedings Tryall or Sentence of Death shall be had or given against any Offender but betweene the

houres of Eight in the Morning and One in the Afternoone.1]

Rot. Parl. pt. 5.

MM. 3.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for Establishing the Coronation Oath.

Oath heretofore framed in doubtful Words.

XX THERE AS by the Law and Ancient Usage of this Realme the Kings and Queens thereof have taken a TT Solemne Oath upon the Evangelists at Their respective Coronations to maintaine the Statutes Laws and Customs of the said Realme and all the People and Inhabitants thereof in their Spirituall and Civill Rights and Properties But forasmuch as the Oath itselfe on such Occasion Administred hath heretofore beene framed in doubtfull Words and Expressions with relation to ancient Law's and Constitutions at this time unknowne To the end therefore that One Uniforme Oath may be in all Times to come taken by the Kings and Queens of this Realme and to Them respectively Administred at the times of Their and every of Their Coronation.

II.

Oath hereafter mentioned to be administered,

by the Archbishop of Canterbury, &c.

May it please Your Majesties That it may be Enacted And bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and the Commons in this psent Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the Oath herein Mentioned and hereafter Expressed shall and may be Administred to their most Excellent Majestyes King William and Queene Mary (whome God long preserve) at the time of Their Coronation in the presence of all Persons that shall be then and there present at the Solemnizeing thereof by the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of Yorke or either of them or any other Bishop of this Realme whome the King's Majesty shall thereunto appoint and who shall be hereby thereunto respectively Authorized which Oath followeth and shall be Administred in this Manner That is to say,

III.

Form of Oath and

Administration

thereof.

The Arch-Bishop or Bishop shall say,

WILL You solemnely Promise and Sweare to Goveme the People of this Kingdome of England and the Dominions thereto belonging according to the Statutes in Parlyament Agreed on and the Laws and Customs of

the same?

The King and Queene shall say,

I solemnly Promise soe to doe.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

f*» /rtW/vty«- Jrf .•/ i 'fJ /

S//><>/////< /// r'j/ //< • /</ / //////// /// . j ////y / I V.

*|V f«v

ttvo o C

Kn .^Hct |7i

by Hu* An 3 fhvcUut U^«' o^ tin*'* (\rcfcCmo Ct\c

. iSnfrO^ Aivft s^icocacA' tA^Cu ftr tvyou

ti\C» At- tGci^ yc^ccbtti

(^s tittute&' Hatas" Au3 vu|l I'lltv' c Hio 0A\$ fcOI i * i Alt 8 Ad* tl^O Y' coyCc*

AiiS <Jujjftb»fc<k»it^r m UvAft' iVit3 -sJjJitciCC 0cirvGtO~Att3

-^r> A -

yoy>cjtico' tfHit Ao' t(je» OAtty it^D"^cT oit Outtjotti

A^nntc^cS^GAtft (jcjcto^oyc* bccuc* ^T^rtVuc& ui- 'JouGt^nCVNboy roit^' I c Cation to* Ancient Cutn'O*" An3 4^on^itiitiou0' A

-y»ii

6II&

3o' An 3

ftt tiyi o* v

Vf\^ - T

■fcint-O iUA.^'vvSftAcC-' tfjo *3 l^cycGoyc* tiyfcb ouo urn Goy*'*' OAt^ iuAv

bo in Art' bme^ to tome* tAtcii bV> ki)4» uiigv'1 ftu3 ^ijuwu^ o ^rcAtmo Ait3 to tjjcm ^tbiitcl$) A8umti(byc3 Ab tyo tuuco'o v ^ Ah^ CM Cy,' O^UlCt^ ^O^OttftACOil-^U)l*V it ylViV^o' V?c>ll|^l\|ATC^V\Vc' tt^Vtltr-mAv^ 6c, >£iiAt:tc8 Hu.S it^MiiYtrte?. bV fctjo fttcS ^Dactu^wo^-

S^jtal'c.itjMAr^Vvc^ Gv AnSStfitftft o A3i»ico Ait3 Coivl^cittro^ fcijoCl?oy3o' s^yyiyitit A(V ftu«3 ^C-iuyoytCC AivS tiyi* N^Ommouo'in tino' y^cub .^AyCyftuvcub ftj|cuiblc3 An 3 b»> tfjo AuH^oyiti c* o^ t^C* t'Anto f^juxt- tfyc* ^PAtG ^&|mh vi uc3 Aiv3 jicycit^tci cyyye^cft <>JkCC Au8 iiiav b'4' b rtjii^ii

lit- tt>aic^tyc<T £m^' xy5iCCiAih £iD*>8

yyc V\n^ At- tfjo timo O'ti\ciy yonAti*11 iii tGc> yjc^curo c y'Sft'

ttjAt v<tttvir bo tijoi 5tn3 t§o ^dum11^OTv

tb'c- ^yrtCb'i^y >iAitbt^uys) oy tKo AytlU^jjllwy c*j oHrc^;

c*^\ Hjou c*|/ Ai»v) *>HKy dH^(loy o^y^bly^'^"Cftbiiio't^l^iiio CSii^ii'iijihc^\v

(lAlV t^imtd Ai^'v'mit— Au3 \rl\o> Go ifc^by t^c-^euiib» |,c^ttbn<C^)

tbitl^'o^i^cS *>iVtl\ Ail3 ^ftCC Go A^imii • ^lyc 3 m Hj«V O

in Aim*y tjfct'id' to 6Ay). fJGo dpr^Gip H>p Oj 3G«HV *> Ao). ^3iCl*

iucii.K<Mic3 itt\8 (ri.c

>2 yreCCt

? v ^ r f r I / \

<>c-ltf.i»iucCv' y|oim^o iVu3 Jifecft^o to r^owcy\o t$o ^cdylo tiiipr^oiuo o ^ -^iif^tiViiS iVii3 ttjo ^oiii»iu*Mi^* GcCon

t<> t(>o '^‘tAHit-c^'* m -jZ^ftyCvAmcut <mi, AnSV tG<' CTf^t*<r Aiift ^ii^K'intf

o 4i «>Amo y* ^Gw' ^litfr At13 iiv*cu o 3 ^rtCC 3fty) « ^olcniit(y

ni(y tlA«>^8mty-

y ^ ^ \jv ^ c~ °.....v' O'4'

y^mi^o <>^o to 3oo . il^Gi'^oy 0| <0"ipv>y , Tc^iCC y>Mi to

itrci/ tiVnio^ An3 J^u^Vite.* m iijc^rvl to Go t-utcS i

*' ^ COllO *'°

m. ACC vouj) jo|»

you^ ycftrc^/ tAn^o

C^itSp cm ciitA"*- Aii3 i^2 il , ^Soice

c*y <£KjGop . von to t^c.* iihiio^V c>^~^t<>nl '‘‘^bbtio

ttyo iriVhrc*' c* |l Qi5o3 Uyo t^iiO p^oiTc^ioil O U^O 0^'oi yotl‘ All 8 Hy'o* - tc^V»Viit— ^Vc ^ojiucS |Vc liyyioii- cft"ftGCt ^l\C c\ G^j CC^o' ! Rii3 ^l(V V oit-- o y|c|Tj'uc> unto Hyc' diVijlj'oy^s' iVu3 -^Cc^ryJ ^VcaGiiic» Aii3 to t(yj.

tCMiiiiutWj be* tij*cij/ ti^A^C- AIT dut^ |i^to'Aii3 yyinCcS-oyco'

t\ a:»Q 3oo oy oI^aCC Ayjcybxmo ivuto t^tiiv C*y AuV o^ Uwiit,

Iring- AmS t^iicciio . A(l' tjj'i.T ^ y^oiin^o" to $\>o

t{y<r t^O feiig- All 3 ttccuo Iftyuig- (jio"* Au.3 c^ (lAnS u^oii tfyo l)oty Q^o^yclt'o^ otyiMrf 3ft^) , ^ing- An3 ucc«io* , ^1k> ti>ui

ftittic* beye* bc^oyo yyomi^c^ Oj toiCX' ycy^oymo Au3 becyo oo O me» Qx^4>S % j^)cu t(jc* 6iig- iku 3 C^iicciio

t^O &0&&0 - <J^CC* it ^l^C| S^iiattti) Hjf

i>TytCC Go m tiGx* ui Ann c|/ iVSinuii ^yc.3 to cuc^y) y^iicciio ^xftvo

6$AW

yt^cttiuo 'stojoii Ation*.'" G\» oivo

yVoib-tmwl> C>^-y s^ut\-Cftii3 tG^ time» bem^y—to Gfi) t^Cycuitbo

Ayyomtii-3 by Oiit^ l5ing- 0| si^nccno y^Gycctinctv>j ftii3 m Hk* |3^C.^ciTttf> ^ft(T on 6~ tit\Air .jlytCT t* O fltttc ii 3 in ft AjT »i»^f oy 0Ujc^i Q»

At i»ut^ iGciy^tc ^yct-tiiio you Ati on o' Huy1 ITtVio (sJ*ttUuto C yx iv. o to t()o toutyAy,' u ot\oitl^tkn3m^-.-

A.D. 1688.

57

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 6—8.

Arch Bishop or Bishop,

Will You to Your power cause Law and Justice in Mercy to be Executed in all Your Judgements.

King and Queene,

I will.

Arch Bishop or Bishop.

Will You to the utmost of Your power Maintaine the Laws of God the true Profession of the Gospell and the Protestant Reformed Religion Established by Law? And will You Preserve unto the Bishops and Clergy of this Realme and to the Churches committed to their Charge all such Rights and Priviledges as by Law doe or shall appertaine unto them or any of them.

King and Queene.

All this I Promise to doe.

After this the King and Queene laying His and Her Hand upon the Holy Gospells, shall say,

King and Queene

The things which I have here before promised I will performe and Keepe Soe help me God.

Then the King and Queene shall kissc the Booke.

And bee it further Enacted That the said Oath shall be in like manner Adrninistred to every King or Queene who shall Succeede to the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme at their respective Coronations by one of the Archbishops or Bishops of this Realme of England for the time being to be thereunto appointed by such King or Queene respectively and in the Presence of all Persons that shall be Attending Assisting or otherwise present at such their respective Coronations Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for Impowering His Majestie to Apprehend and Detaine such Persons as He shall finde Just Cause to

Suspect are Conspireing against the Government.

FOR the Secureing the Peace of the Kingdome in this time of Imminent Danger against the Attempts and Traiterous Conspiracies of Evill disposed Persons Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That every Person or Persons that shall be in Prison at or upon the Five and twentyeth Day of Aprill in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and nine or after by Warrant of Their said Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Signed by Six of the said Privy Councill for Suspicion of High Treason or Treasonable Practices or by Warrant Signed by either of His Majesties Secretaries of State for such Causes aforesaid may be detained in safe Custodie without Baile or Mainprize until the Five and twentieth Day of May next

And that noe Judge or Justice or Court of Justice shall Baile or Try any such Person or Persons soe Committed without Order from Their said Majesties Privy Councill Signed by Six of the said Privy Councill till the said Five and twentieth day of May any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That from and after the said Five and twentyeth Day of May the said Persons soe Committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of an Act made in the One and thirtyeth yeare of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the better Secureing the Liberty of the Subject and for Prevention of Imprisonment beyond the Seas, and alsoe of all other Laws and Statutes any way relateing to or provideing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realme And that this present Act shall continue untill the said Five and twentyeth day of May and noe longer.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That nothing in this Act shall be Construed to Extend to the Ancient Rights and Priviledges of Parlyament or to the Imprisoning or Detaining of any Member of either House of Parlyament untill the matter of which he stands suspected be first Communicated to the House of which he is a Member and the Consent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act for the Abrogating of the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oathes.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the First Yeare of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lady Queene Elizabeth Entituled An Act to restore to the Crowne the Ancient Jurisdiction over the Estate Ecclesiasticall and Spirituall and Abolishing all Forreigne Powers Repugnant to the same, the Persons therein mentioned were obliged to take an Oath therein mentioned commonly called the Oath of Supremacy And whereas by another Statute

Q

IV.

Oath to be administered to all future Kings and Queens.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. 4.

Persons in Prison on the 25th April 1689, or after, by Warrant of the Privy Council;

may be detained without Bail, &c.

III.

No Judge, &c. to hold such Persons to Bail without Order of Privy Council.

IV.

Proviso for 31 Car. II. c. 2. and all other Laws providing for the Liberty of the Subjcd.

Continuance of Ad.

V.

Proviso for Privileges of Parliament.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu-5*

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 8.

A.D. 1688.

I Jac. I. c. 4.

II.

Former Oaths abrogated.

III.

The new Oaths and Declaration;

by whom and how to be taken.

Archbishops and Bishops, and all Persons above the Degree of a Baron.

IV.

Before whom the new Oaths to be taken.

V.

All Persons admitted into Offices or Employments to take the Oaths.

Neglecting, &c. Penalty.

VI.

Persons now in Office neglecting to take the Oaths.

Office void.

vn.

Ecclesiastical Persons in Benefices, kc. to take the Oaths. Neglecting, Suspension

and not taking them within Six Months,

Deprived.

VIII. Mastcrsand Fellows of Colleges Professors, &c.

Neglecting, &c.

Suspended

and not taking within Six Months,

Office void.

made in the Third Yeare of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King James the First Entituled An Act for the better Discovering and Repressing Popish Recusants another Oath commonly called the Oath of Allegiance or Obedience was required to be taken by the Persons therein mentioned

Bee it Enacted by the Kings and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That from henceforth noe Person whatsoever shall be obliged to take the said Oathes or either of them by Force or Vertue of the said Statutes or either of them or any other Statute whatsoever But that the said Statutes and every other Statute for soe much onely as concerns the said Oathes and the said Oathes themselves shall be and are hereby Repealed utterly Abrogated and made Void.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Oathes appointed by this present Act to be Taken and the Declaration likewise appointed by this present Act to be Made Repeated and Subscribed shall from and after the First day of May in the Yeare One thousand six hundred eighty nine be Taken Made Repeated and Subscribed by every such Person and Persons as were appointed and required by any Act or Acts whatsoever to take the said Abrogated Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance or either of them before such Person or Persons as hereafter in this Act is Expressed That is to say All and every Arch-Bishop and Bishop that now is and all and every Person of or above the Degree of a Baron of Parlyament in Their Majesties High Court of Chancery or in Their Majestyes Court of Kings Bench in publicke and open Court betweene the Houres of Nine of the Clocke and Twelve in the Formoone before the end of Trinity Terme next or at the Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden for that County or Place where he or they shall be inhabitc or reside in open Court betweene the said Houres of Nine and Twelve of the Clocke in the Forenoone before the First day of August next, all which shall be putt on Record in the respective Courts

And all and every pother1] such Person and Persons shall take the said Oathes and make repeate and subscribe the said Declaration by this present Act required to be taken made and subscribed before such Person or Persons respectively as by any Act or Acts were Authorized or Impowered to tender the said Oath of Allegiance now Abrogated and made Void which said Person or Persons soe respectively authorized to minister or tender the said Oaths and Declaration are hereby required to minister and tender the same accordingly.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Persons (other then such concerning whome other Provision shall be made in this Act or in any other Act of this present Session of Parlyament) that shall hereafter be admitted into any Office or Imploynient Ecclesiasticall or Civill or come into any Capacity in respect or by reason whereof they should have beene obliged by any Statute to take the said Abrogated Oaths or either of them shall take the Oaths hereby appointed in such Manner at such Times before such Persons and in such Courts and Places as they should or ought to have taken the said former Oaths or either of them in case the same had not beene Abrogated as aforesaid And that every such Person who shall neglect or refuse to take the same shall Incurr and be lyable to the same Penalties Forfeitures Disabilities and Incapacities as by any such Statute was appointed for or upon neglect or refusall to take the said former Oathes hereby Abrogated or either of them And bee it further enacted That if any Person now haveing any Office or Imployment Civill or Military shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths hereby appointed to be taken in such manner as by this Act is directed before the First day of August in the Yeare One thousand six hundred eighty nine [or sooner if required thereunto by any Order from His Majestic in Councill before such Persons as by the said Order shall be appointed to take and receive the same1] That in every such Case the said Office and Employment of every Person soe neglecting or refuseing shall be void and is hereby adjudged void.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any ArchBishop or Bishop or any other Person now haveing any Ecclesiasticall Dignitie Benefice or Promotion shall neglect or refuse to take the Oathes by this Act appointed to be taken in such manner as by this Act is directed before the First day of August in the Yeare One thousand six hundred eighty nine Every such Person and Persons soe neglecting or refuseing shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be Suspended from the Execution of his or their Office by the Space of Six months to be accounted from the said First day of August, And if the said Person or Persons (soe haveing neglected or refused) shall not within the said space of Six months take the said Oathes in such Manner Court or Place as they ought to have taken the same before the said First day of August Then he or they shall be ipso facto deprived and is and are hereby adjudged to be deprived of his and their Offices Benefices Dignities and Promotions Ecclesiasticall And bee it further enacted That if any Person or Persons now being Master Govemour Head or Fellow of any Colledge or Hall in either of the two Universities or of any other Colledge or Master of any Ilospitall or Schoole or Professor of Divinity Law Physicke or other Science in either of the said Universities or in the City of London shall neglect or refuse to take the Oaths by this Act appointed to be taken in such Manner and before such Persons as by this Act is directed before the First day of August in the Yeare One thousand six hundred eighty nine Every such Person and Persons soe neglecting or refuseing shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be suspended from the Execution of his or their Office and Employment and from his or their Mastershipp Government Fellowship and Professorship respectively for the space of Six Months to be accounted from the said First day of August, And if the said Person or Persons (soe haveing neglected or refused) shall not within the said space of Six months take the said Oaths in such Court or Place and before such Persons and in such Manner as they ought to have taken the same before the said First day of August That in every such Case the said Office and Employment Mastership Government Fellowship and Professorship of every Person soe neglecting or refuseing shall be void and is hereby adjudged void.

* annexed to Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 168H.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 8.

59

IX.

Persons refusing to take Oaths when tendered ; Imprisonment for Three Months;

or Payment of Fine,

for the Use of the Poor.

And again refusing Three Month* afterwards, Imprisonment for Six Months;

or Payment of Fine, to the Poor.

And bee it further enacted That if any such other Person or Persons (other then the Persons specially above mentioned) shall refuse to take the said Oathes or either of them when tendered to him or them by any Persons lawfully authorized as is aforesaid to administer or tender the same the Person or Persons soe tendring the said Oathes or either of them shall Committ the said Person [or'] Persons soe refuseing to the Common Goale or House of Correction there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize for the space of Three months unlesse such Offender shall pay downe to the said Person or Persons soe tendring the said Oathes or either of them such Summe of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings as the said Person and Persons soe tendring the said Oaths or either of them shall require such Offender to pay for his or her said refusall which Money shall be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poore for the reliefe of the Poore of the Parish or Place where such Offender did last inhabite And if at the end of Three months after such refusall the Person and Persons soe refuseing shall againe refuse to take the said Oaths or either of them when lawfully tendred to him or them as is aforesaid the said Person or Persons soe tendring the said Oaths or either of them shall Committ the said Person and Persons soe refuseing to the Common Goale or House of Correction there to remaine for the space of Six Months unlesse every such Offender shall pay downe to the Person or Persons soe tendring the said Oaths or either of them such Summe of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds nor under Five pounds as the said Person or Persons soe tendring the said Oaths or either of them shall require such Offender to pay for his or her said Second refusall The said Money to be disposed in manner aforesaid And unlesse every such Offender shall become bound with two sufficient Sureties with Condition to be of the Good Behaviour and alsoe to appeare at the next Assizes or Generali Goale delivery to be holden for the County Liberty or Place where such Offender shall then inhabit or reside at which Assizes or Goale-delivery the said Oaths shall be againe tendred to every such Offender by the Justices of Assizes or Goale-delivery in their open Assizes or Goale-delivery And if the said Offender shall refuse to take the said Oaths or either of them when tendred to him or her by the said Justices of Assizes or Goale-delivery as is aforesaid Then every Person and Persons soe refuseing shall be and is and are hereby adjudged incapable of any Office Civill or Military within this Kingdome and shall likewise be and remaine bound to the Good Behaviour untill he or they doe take the said Oaths And in case such Person or Persons shall refuse alsoe' to make and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in the Statute made in the Thirtyeth Yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the more effectuall Preserveing the King's Person and Government by disableing Papists from Sitting in either House of Parliament such Person and Persons shall suffer all Paines Penalties Forfeitures and Disabilities as a Popish Recusant Convict and be taken and deemed a Popish Recusant ConviCt to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever

And bee it further Enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Commission Officer and Officers and Non-Commission or Warrant Officer and Officers that are already employed in Their Majestyes Service by Sea or Land shall take the said Oaths and alsoe make repeate and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in the said Statute made in the Thirtyeth Yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second before the Lord High Admirall of England or the Commissioners for Executeing the Office of Lord High Admirall or their Deputyes or such other Persons as Their Majestyes shall authorize and appoint to administer and accept the same respectively And that all and every such Person and Persons as shall hereafter be putt into any such Employment by Sea or Land shall before the Delivery of such Commission or Warrant to such Officer take the said Oaths and make repeate and subscribe the said Declaration before the Lord High Admirall or Commissioners of the Admiralty or their Deputies as aforesaid or such Person as shall issue such Commission or Warrant or such others as shall be authorized to administer the same as aforesaid respectively who are hereby respectively authorized and required to tender administer and accept the same And all and every such Officer or Officers that shall refuse to take the said Oaths and make and subscribe the said Declaration shall be incapeable of receiveing takeing holding or executeing such Office or Employment.

And bee it further enacted That the Oath appointed by the Statute made in the Thirteenth Yeare of King Charles the Second Entituled An AC! for Ordering the Forces in the severall County es of this Kingdome the Forme and Words of which Oath are in the same Statute expressed And alsoe soe much of a Declaration prescribed in another Act made in the same Yeare Entituled An Act for the Uniformity of Publick Prayers and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies And for establishing the Forme of Makeing Ordaining and Consecrating Bishops Priests and Deacons in the Church of England as is expressed in these Words (Viz)

JAB Declare That it is not Lawful 1 upon any Pretence whatsoever to take Arms against the King and that

I doe abhor that Traiterous Position of takeing Arms by His Authority against His Person or against those that are Commissioned by Him.

Shall not from henceforth be required or enjoyned nor any Person suffer any Forfeiture Penalty or Losse by *ot 10 bc required, the not takeing subscribing or makeing the said Oath or the said recited part of the said Declaration The last forementioned Statutes or any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And bee it Enacted That the Oathes that are intended and required to be taken by this Act are the Oathes XII.

in these expresse Words hereafter following.

JAB doe sincerely Promise and Sweare That I will be Faithfull and beare true Allegiance to Their Majestyes Form of Oaths,

King William and Queene Mary Soe helpe me God &c.

And Oaths again tendered or Sureties for good Behaviour. Refusing; Punishment.

Refusing to make and subscribe I eclaration of 30 Car. II. at. 2.

c. I.

Deemed a Popish Recusant Convict.

X.

Land and Sea Officers,

to take the Oaths and make. Sec. the Declaration of 30 Car. II, st. 2. c. 1.

Refusing;

Incapacity to hold Employment.

XI.

Oath of

13 & 14 Car. II. c-3-

and Part of Declaration of c.4.

* and 0.

A.D.\688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 8, 9.

And Declaration.

XIII.

Names of Persons who take the Oaths enrolled.

viewed without Fee. Fee for enrolling.

XIV.

13 Car. II. stat. 2. c. 1.

Proviso for Officers taking the Oaths before i6t August 1689.

XV.

The like Proviso for Officers who have been admitted since Michaelmas.

XVI.

The King may allow 12 Nonjuring Clergymen Subsistence out of their Benefices,

JAB doe Sweare That 1 doe from my Heart Abhor Detest and Abjure as Impious and Hereticall that Damnable

Doctrine and Position That Princes Excommunicated or Deprived by the Pope or any Authoride of the See of Rome may be Deposed or Murthered by their Subjects or any other whatsoever

And I doe Declare That noe Forreigne Prince Person Prelate State or Potentate hath or ought to have any Jurisdiction Power Superiority Preeminence or Authoride Ecclesiasticall or Spirituall within this Realme

Soe helpe me God &c.

[And bee it further Fnadted by the Authority aforesaid That the Names of all and singular such Persons and Officers aforesaid that doe or shall in the Court of Chauncery Kings Bench or Quarter Sessions take the Oathes by this Act required or appointed to be taken shall be in the said respective Courts of Chauncery and Kings Bench and the Quarter Sessions Inrolled with the Day and Time of their takeing the same in Rolls made and kept onely for that intent and purpose and for noe other The which Rolls as for the Court of Chauncery shall be publickly hung up in the Office of the Petty Bagg And the Rolls for the Kings Bench in the Crowne Office of the said Court and in some publicke Place in every Quarter Sessions and there remaine dureing the whole Terme every Terme in and dureing the whole dme of the said Sessions every Quarter Sessions for every one to resort to and looke upon without Fee or Reward And none of the Person or Persons aforesaid shall give or pay as any Fee or Reward to any Officer or Officers belonging to any of the Courts as aforesaid above the Summe of Twelve pence for his or their Entry of his or their takeing of the said Oathes by this Act required or appointed to be taken.

And wffiereas since the Eleventh day of December in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty eight the said Abrogated Oaths could not be taken by any Person that was Elected or placed in any Office of Magistracy or Place of Trust relateing to or concerning the Government of any City Corporation Burrough Cinque Port or their Members or other Port Towne at the time of his being Admitted and Sworne into such Office Place or Employment by reason whereof his said Election Placeing and Choice into such Office or Imployment by one AS Intituled An Act for the well Governing of Corporations Is Enacted and Declared to be Void Bee it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any such Officer shall before the First day of August in

the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine take the Oaths herein mentioned and required to

be taken before such Person or Persons who by the said Act should have administred the said abrogated Oaths at the time of his admission into such Office or Imployment the said Election and Placeing into such Office or Employment shall be taken and adjudged to be as good and effe<5tuall as if he had taken the said abrogated Oaths Any thing in the said Act or in any other Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas since the Feast of Saint Michaell last past diverse Persons have beene admitted into Offices

Employments or Places of Trust and could not take the said abrogated Oaths and subscribe the Declaration at

such time and in such manner as is directed and appointed by one AS made the Five and twentieth of the late King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for preventing of Dangers that may happen from Popish Recusants Bee it therefore Enabled by the Authoride aforesaid That if any such Person shall before the end of Trinity Terme next in the High Courts of Chauncery or Kings Bench or before the First of August in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine at the Quarter Sessions for that County or Place where he or they shall inhabit or reside or execute the said Office or Employment take the Oaths in this Act menrioned and appointed to be taken and repeate and subscribe the said Declaration and take the Sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England and procure Cerrificate thereof in such manner as in the said AS is required directed and appointed That then such Person shall and is hereby Indempnified and Discharged from any Penalty or Disability that he might or should have incurred by the said Act and shall and is hereby adjudged to have beene and be as good and sufficient an Officer from the time of his Admission as if he had taken the said abrogated Oaths and performed all other things required by the said AS Any thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That it be left to the King to allow to such of the Clergy as shall refuse the Oaths pscribed by this Act as he shall thinke fitt not exceeding the number of Twelve an Allowance out of their Ecclesiasticall Benefices or Promorions for their Subsistance not exceeding a Third Part and to continue dureing His Majesties Pleasure and noe longer.']

CHAPTER IX.

Rot. Parl. p. 5. An Act for the Amoving Papists and reputed Papists from the Cityes of London and Westminster and Ten

Miles distance from the same.

WHEREAS the great numbers of Papists resorting to the Cityes of London and Westminster are and for a long time have beene found dangerous to the Peace and Safety of this Kingdome For the better Preservation of the Common Safety and avoiding their mischievous Practices and Designes II. Bee it Enabled by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That for the better discovering and amoveing all Papists and reputed Papists out of the said Cities and Ten

• annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.9, 10.

61

miles of the same it shall and may be lawfull and it is hereby Required that the Lord Mayor of London for the time being and every Justice of the Peace [of the City of London and for the City and Liberties of Westminster and Burrough of Southwarke and of the Countyes of Midlesex Surrey Kent and Sussex1 *] within their respective Countyes Cityes Boroughes and Limitts doe from time to time cause to be Arrested and brought before him every person or persons not being a Merchant Forreigner within the said Cities or within Ten miles of the same as are or are reputed to be Papists and tender unto him the Declaration mentioned in the Statute made in the Thirtyeth Yeare of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the more effectual 1 preserveing the Kings Person and Government by disableing Papists from Sitting in either House of Parlyament And in case such person upon such tender refuse audibly and solemnely to repeate make and subscribe the said Declaration and shall after such refusall remaine continue or be within the said City or Cityes or Ten miles distance from the same That in every such Case he or she shall forfeite and suffer as a Popish Recusant Convict by the Lawes already established shall or may forfeit or suffer

And it is hereby further Enacted That every Justice of Peace shall and doe certifie all and every Subscription [or1] before him by vertue of this Act taken and likewise the Names of all and every Person refuseing to repeate take make or subscribe as aforesaid upon tender under the Hand and Seale of the said Justice into the Court of Kings Bench the next Terme or else at the next Quarter Sessions that shall be of or for the County or Place where such takeing subscribing or refusall shall happen And if the said Person soe refuseing and certified shall not within the next Terme or Sessions after such refusall appeare in the Court of Kings Bench or Sessions where such Certificate shall be Returned and in open Court audibly and solemnely repeate take make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid and Indorse or Enter his soe doeing upon the Certificate soe Returned shall be from the time of such his neglect or refusall taken esteemed and adjudged a Popish Recusant Convidl and as such to forfeite and be proceeded against.

[Provided alwayes That this Act shall not extend to such person or persons as now use any Trade Mistery or Manuall Occupation within the said Liberties of London and Westminster or within ten miles of the same Nor to such as within Six months before the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred eighty eight had their Dwellings or Places of abode within the said Cities or ten miles compasse of the same not haveing any Dwelling or Place of abode elsewhere soe as he or they before the First day of August One thousand six hundred eighty nine doe certifie his or their Names Additions and Places of abode at the Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said respective Cities Counties or Places And the Clerke of the Peace shall not take or receive above Two pence for the Entry of the Name Addition and place of abode of any one Person3.]

Provided that nothing in this Act shall relate to or have any effect upon any Forreigner that is or shall be a Meniall Servant to any Ambassador or Publicke Agent.

Provided That nothing in this Act shall relate to or have any effect upon any person being a naturall borne Subject of the King of Portugall who now is or hereafter shall be a sworne Servant to the Queene Dowager nor to any other Servants being naturall borne Subjects of Their Majesty es as her Majestie the Queene Dowager shall under her Hand and Seale from time to time for that purpose be pleased to nominate the said Servants soe nominated not exceeding the number of Thirty at any one time soe as none of the said Servants being naturall borne Subjects of Their Majesty es be a Jesuite Priest Monke or Fryer Any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the takeing away the Revenue ariseing by Hearth-Money.

WHEREAS His Majestie haveing beene informed that the Revenue of Hearth Money was Grievous to the People was pleased by His Gracious Message sent to the Commons Assembled in Parlyament to Signifie his Pleasure either to Agree to a Regulation of it or to the takeing it wholly away as should be thought most convenient by the said Commons And whereas upon mature Deliberation the said Commons doe finde That the said Revenue cannot be soe Regulated but that it will occasion many difficulties and Questions and that it is in itselfe not onely a great Oppression to the Poorer sort but a Badge of Slavery upon the whole People Exposeing every mans House to be Entred into and Searched at pleasure by Persons unknowne to him Wee Your Majestyes most Dutifull and Loyall SubjecIs the Commons being filled with a most Humble and Gratefull sence of Your Majestyes unparallelFd Grace and Favour to Your People not onely by Restoreing their Rights and Liberties which have beene Invaded contrary to Law but in de>ireing to make them Happy and at Ease by takeing away such Burthens as by Law were fixed upon them by which Your Majestie will Ere6t a lasting Monument of Your Goodnesse in every House in the Kingdome Doe most humbly beseech Your Majestie That the said Revenue of Hearth-Money may be wholly taken away and Abolished And bee it Enabled by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by Authorise of the same That an Act made in the Parlyament begunn at Westminster the Eighth day of May in the Thirteenth Yeare of the Raigne of His late Majestie King Charles the Second Entituled An A6X for the Establishing an Additionall Revenue upon His Majestie His Heires and Successors for the better Support of His and their Crowne and Dignitie

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * 0. omits. annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Lord Mayor and Justices of London may tender Declaration of 30Car.II.st. 2. c. 1. to reputed Papists.

III.

Justices of Peace to certify Subscribers and Refusers to the Court of King's Bench.

Person certified to have refused, not appearing and taking Declaration in the next Term or Sessions,

adjudged a Popish Recusant Convict.

IV.

Proviso for Tradesmen, or such as within Six Months before the 13 th February 1688 lived in London or Westminster, or within Ten Miles, who shall certify their Names, &c. before 1st August 1689.

V.

Proviso for Aliens Servants to Ambassadors, &c.

VI.

Proviso for PortugueseSubjectJ sworn Servants to the Queen Dowager, &c.

Rot. Par/, pt. 5. nu. 7.

Revenue of Hearth Money grievous to the People.

d.D.\688.

15 Car. II. c. 13.

16 Car. II. c. 3.

Repealed.

II.

Proviso for colledlintr Hearth Money due 25th March 1689, and Arrears.

JRot. Parl.pt.f. nu.8.

1 Jac. II. c. 16.

Powers by the said Act given to the Mayor vested in the Bailiffs, Aldermen, &c.

II.

Collectors, &c. by this and the former Acts may execute the same.

III.

Money by the former A & directed to be paid unto the Chamberlain, paid as Bailiffs, &c. shall order.

IV.

Proviso for Alterations by new Charters.

Rot. Parl. pi. 5. nu. 9.

Prices at which Corn may be exported.

1° Gul. 6c Mar. c. 10—12.

And another Act made in the Second Session of the said Parly ament in the Fifteenth Yeare of His said late Majestyes Raigne Endtuled An Additionall Act for the better Ordering and Collecting the Revenue ariseing by Hearth-Money

And another Act made in the Sixteenth Yeare of the Raigne of His said late Majestic Entituled An Act for Collecting the Duty ariseing by Hearth Money by the Officers to be appointed by His Majestie And all and every the Articles Clauses and Things in the said severall Acts contained shall be and are hereby wholly Repealed Annulled and utterly made void and are hereby Enacted and Declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever

Provided alwayes and bee it Declared and Enacted That nothing in this Act contained shall be taken or construed to hinder or prejudice the Collecting Levying Answering or Paying the said Revenue ariseing by Hearth Money which shall grow due on the Five and twentyeth day of March in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine and all Arreares of the said Duty which now are due and payable by the said Acts But that all and every the Powers Clauses Articles and Matters in the said former Acts shall continue and remaine in force for the Collecting Levying and Recovering of the said Duty of Hearth Money soe growing due on the said Five and twentyeth Day of March One thousand six hundred eighty nine and all the Arreares of the said Duty already due as by the said Acts they might have beene Collected Levyed and Recovered if this Act had not beene made and noe otherwise.

CHAPTER XL

An Act for the Explaining and makeing Effedluall a Statute made in the First Yeare of King James the Second

concerning the Haven and Pieres of Great Yarmouth.

FOR the preventing all Doubts and Scruples which may in any wise arise concerning the Power and Authoritie of the Bayliffes Aldermen Burgesses and Commonalty of the Burrough and Towne of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolke to putt in execution and take the Benefitt of an Act made in the First Yeare of the Raigne of the late King James the Second Entituled An Act for Clearing Preserving Maintaining and Repairing the Haven and Pieres of Great Yarmouth and for the Amendment of the said Act and makeing the same effectuall according to die true intent and meaning thereof Bee it declared and Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons now' Assembled in Parlyament and by the Authoritie of the same That all and every the Powers Authorities and Benefitts by the said Act given or intended to be given to the Mayor Aldermen Burgesses and C.omonaltie in the said Act mentioned or to any

of them shall be and hereby are for and dureing the rest and residue of the time in the said Act limitted

Vested in the Bayliffes Aldermen Burgesses and Commonalty of the said Burrough that now are and their Successors and shall be taken deemed and adjudged to be by vertue hereof soe Vested as aforesaid And that the Powers Authorities and Benefitts by the said Act given or intended to be given to the said Mayor shall and hereby are Vested in the Bayliffe or Bayliffes for the time being and their Successors to be by them joyntly or severally executed in such maimer as the said Mayor by the said Act might or was intended to have done

And that all and every Officer and Officers Collector or Collectors Receiver or Receivers Commissioner or Commissioners to be nominated chosen or appointed by the forementioned or this present Act shall and may execute and pursue the severall and respective Powers therein given and directed.

Provided alwayes That all and every Summe or Summes of Money directed or appointed to be paid by the said Act into the Hands of the Chamberlaine of the said Burrough for the time being shall hereafter be paid

into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Bayliffes Aldermen Burgesses and Commonalty in Common Councill

assembled shall direct and appoint Any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided likewise That if it shall happen that there shall be within the said rest and residue of the said time by the said recited Act limitted any Alteration by any new Charter in the said Corporation from Bayliffes to [Mayors'] That then the Mayor Aldermen Burgesses and Commonalty and every of them shall have and execute the Powers Authorities and Benefitts in the recited Act mentioned in such manner as in the said Act is expressed.

CHAPTER XIL An Act for the Encouraging the Exportation of Come.

FORASMUCH as it hath beene found by experience That the Exportation of Come and Graine into Forreigne Pam when the Price thereof is at a low Rate in this Kingdome hath beene a great Advantage not onely to the Owners of Land but to the Trade of this Kingdome in Generali Bee it therefore Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes By and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons now Assembled in Parlyament and by the Authoritie of the same That when Malt or Barley Winchester Measure is or shall be at Foure and twenty shillings per Quarter or under Rye at Two and thirty shillings per Quarter or under and Wheate at Eight and forty shillings a Quarter or under in any Port or Ports of this Kingdome or Dominion of Wales

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 12, 13.

Every Merchant or other Person who shall putt on Shipp-board in English Shipping the Master and Two thirds of his Marriners at least being Their Majestyes Subjects any Sorts of the Corne aforesaid from any such Ports where the Rates shall not then be higher then as aforesaid with Intent to Export the said Corne to Parts beyond the Seas Ever)' such Merchant or other Person shall bring a Certificate in Writeing under his or their Hands containing the Quantity and Quality of Corne soe shipped to the Farmers Commissioners Collectors or other Persons appointed or to be appointed for the time being to Collect the Duties and Rates ariseing by Customs within any such Port and upon proofe made of any such Certificate by one or more credible Person or Persons upon their Oaths which Oathes the said Commissioners or other Persons are hereby Authorized anti Required to Administer and upon Bond given by every such Merchant or other Person in the Summe of Two hundred pounds at the least for every hundred Tuns of Corne soe Shipped and soe proportionably that the said Corne (Danger of the Seas excepted) shall be exported into Parts beyond the Seas and not be againe Landed in the King dome of England Dominion of Wales the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede Every such Merchant soe Shipping off any of the aforesaid Come and giveing Certificate and Bond as aforesaid shall have and receive from such Farmers Commissioners Collectors or other Persons in any Port respectively where the same Corne shall be soe Shipped for every Quarter of Barley or Malt ground or unground Two shillings and six pence For every Quarter of Rye ground or unground Three shillings and six pence For every Quarter of Wheate ground or unground Five shillings Which Summe or Summes every such Commissioner Farmer or other Person are hereby Authorized and Required upon Demand by such Exporter to make present Payment of accordingly without takeing or requireing any thing for Custome or any Fee or Reward for Corne soe Laden to be Exported or for soe much Grain as shall be Exported in any Shipp wherein any other Goods shall be Shipped Any Law Statute or Usage in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding And upon Certificate returned under the Common Seale of the Chiefe Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond the Seas or under the Hands and Seales of Two knowne English Merchants upon the Place that such Corne was there Landed or upon Proofe by credible Persons that such Come was taken by Enemies or perished in the Seas the Examination and Proofe thereof being left to the Judgement of such Commissioners Farmers Collectors or other Persons which Proofe being made or Certificate delivered to such Person or Persons respectively as tooke Bond as aforesaid the said Bond shall be delivered up to such Importer or his Order to be Cancelled without any Fee for the same And the Moneys by any such Commissioners Farmers Collectors or other Person soe paid in obedience to this Act shall be accepted of in his or their Accompts as soe much paid to Their Majestyes and he and they is and shall be discharged therefore accordingly.

Merchants to bring Certificate of Quantity and Quality of Corn to be exported.

Oath.

Bond by Merchant.

Bounty.

No Fee for Bounty.

Upon Certificate returned under the Common Seal of Place Abroad, or under the Seals of Two English Merchants, that Com was taken or lost.

Bond delivered up to Importer. Monies paid by Commissioners allowed in Account.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Act for Raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the Reduceing of Ireland.

WEE Your Majestyes most Obedient and Loyall Subjects the Commons now in Parlyament Assembled being highly sensible of the deplorable Condition of Your Majestyes Protestant Subjects within Your Kingdome of Ireland occasioned by the Rebellion of the Earle of Tyiconnell and his Adherents with an humble and thankfull Acknowledgement of Your Majestyes favourable and tender Regard of Us Your Commons doe most humbly present unto Your Majesties a Free Gift of the severall Summes of Money hereafter specifyed towards the Reduceing Ireland to its due Obedience to be Levyed in such manner as hereafter is expressed and doe beseech Your Majestyes to accept thereof and that it may be Enacted And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Comons in this present Parliament Assembled and by the Authorise of the same That all and every Person and Persons Bodies Pollitique and Corporate Guilds or Fraternities within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede haveing any Personall Estate either in such Debts oweing to them within this Realme or without which he she or they doe not account as desperate other then such Debts as now are or shall be oweing from Their Majestyes (over and besides such just Debts as he she or they shall bona fide owe) or in ready Moneys shall yield and pay unto Their Majestyes for every hundred pounds in such Debts and ready Moneys the Summe of Ten shillings (to be paid by the Lender notwithstanding any Agreement to the contrary) to be Assessed Imposed Levyed and Collected in manner herein after mentioned.

And bee it further enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons Commissioner or Commissioners haveing useing or exerciseing any Office Place or Publique Imployment whatsoever (such Persons who are or shall be in Muster and Pay at Land or Sea for or in respect of such their Pay onely excepted) and all and every their Deputies Agents Clerks Secondaries Substitutes and other their inferior Ministers and Servants whatsoever shall pay unto their Majestyes over and above the severall Summs with which he or they are or shall be charged in or to the Monthly Assesment by [any1] Act of this present Parliament Entituled An Act for the Granting a present Aid to Their Majestyes the Summe of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive in one Yeare by vertue of any Fees Proffits Perquisites or other Advantage [to him or them accrueing1} or by reason or occasion of their severall Offices Agencies and Imployments and such who are not already Taxed in and by the said Monthly Assesments for and in respect of their Commissions Offices Agencies and Employments shall yield and pay unto Their Majesties the full Summe of Three shillings for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe recieve in one Yeare by vertue of any Fees Proffits Perquisits or other Advantages

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. 10.

The Reasons for granting the King and Queen a Subsidy.

Grant to the King and Queene of io«. in every £\oo.

II.

Public Officers to pay over and above Monthly Assessment of 1 W. &M. c.3. ante, 12d. in the Pound of the Profits of their Office.

Officers not rated to Monthly Assessment to pay 3s. in the Pound of the Profits of their Office.

1 an O.

* interlined on the Roll.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

A.D. 168S.

said Payments how raised.

III. Pensions, he. from Government exceeding 0^20. per ann. to pay 3s. in the pound.

IV.

Judges, Serjeants at Law, Barristers, Advocates, Persons practising Physick, to pay 3s. in the Pound out of yearly Profits.

Servants at above JC3. Wages to pay 12d. in the Pound. £$. and under, to pay 6d. in the Pound, except Board Wages.

Exceptions to the Poll.

V.

Rates of Payment by Peers, &c.

Dukes resident in the Kingdom, £$o.

Marquesses, £40. Earls, £$o.

Viscounts, £2$.

Barons, £20.

Eldest Sons of Dukes of 16 Years,

3<>.

Younger Sons,

£25.

Eldest Sons of Marquesses, £25.

Younger Sons, *£20.

Eldest Sons of Earls, £20.

Younger Sons, £iS-

Eldest Sons of Viscounts,

£17. 10s.

Younger Sons, <=£13. 6s. 8d.

Eldest Sons ot Barons, £i$

Younger Sons,

£l2.

Baronets,

Knights of the Bath, jg'iy. Knights Bachelors, £10.

King's Serjeant, £20.

Serjeants at Law,

£15-

Esquires, £$.

Gentlemen, 203. Widow to pay the Third Part of Rate on her late Husband's Degree.

to him or them accruing or by reason or occasion of their severall and respective Commissions Offices and

Employments the said severall Summs of One shilling and Three shillings to be Assessed Imposed Levyed and

Collected in such manner as herein after is mentioned

And bee it further Enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons haveing or Claiming to have any Pension or yearely Stipend or Annuity Issueing or Payable out of any part of Their Majesties Revenue exceeding Twenty Pounds per Annum shall pay unto Their Majesties the Summe of Three shillings out

of every Twenty shillings by the Yeare soe given or granted as aforesaid to be Assessed Imposed Levyed and

Collected in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Judges and other Persons haveing at the Time of the Execution of this Act any Judiciall Office or other Office or Place of Profit And all Serjeants at Law Barresters Attourneys Sollicitors and Scriveners And all Advocats Proctors and Publique Notaries And all and every Person and Persons Practising the Art of Phisick shall pay unto Their Majestyes the Summe of Three shillings out of every Twenty Shillings which he or they doe receive by his or their respective Salaries Offices Practices or Professions in one yeare And all and every Servant which at the time of the Execution of this AC! shall recieve above Three Pounds per AnnS Wages for his her or their Service shall pay unto Their Majestyes the Summe of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings by the yeare And that shall recieve Three

Pounds per Ann! Wages or under for his or her Service shall pay unto Their Majestyes the Summe of Six

pence for every Twenty shillings by the yeare which shall be due or payable to him her or them for his her or their Wages Except for Board wages And all and every person and persons of what Age Sex or Condition

soever shall pay unto Their Majesties the Summe of One shilling Except such persons as shall recieve Aimes

of the Parish where they dwell and their Children being under the Age of Sixteene yeares at the time of the Execution of this Act And (*) Except all Children being under the Age of Sixteene yeares of all Day-Labourers

and of all Servants in Husbandry and of all other Persons who by reason of their Poverty are Exempted from

Contributing to the Church and Poore And alsoe Except all Children being under the Age of Sixteene yeares of such who hath Foure or more Children and is not worth in Lands Goods and Chattells the Summe of Fifty pounds.

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained That all and every Person and Persons who at the Time of the Execution of this AC1 shall be of the severall Ranks and Degrees hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid Contribute and Pay the severall Summes of Money hereafter in this Act sett downe and appointed That is to say Every Person of the Degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome of England shall pay the Summe of Fifty pounds Every Person of the Degree of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the

Summe of Forty pounds Every Person of the Degree of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdoms and

Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the Summe of Thir;y pounds Every Person of the Degree of a Viscount of any of the Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the Summe of Twenty five pounds Every Person of the Degree of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the Summe of Twenty pounds Every eldest Sonne of a Duke of any of the said Three Kingdomes and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares shall pay the Summe of Thirty pounds Every younger Sonne of a Duke of the said Three Kingdomes and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Twenty five pounds Every eldest Sonne of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Twenty five pounds Every younger Sonne of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Twenty pounds Every eldest Sonne of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kindome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Twenty pounds Every younger Sonne of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes and Inhabiting or Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Fifteene pounds Every eldest Sonne of a Viscount [within1] any of the said Three Kingdomes and Inhabiting or Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Seaventeene pounds ten shillings Every younger Sonne of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdomes and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Thirteene pounds six shillings eight pence Every eldest Sonne of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome (3) being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Fifteene pounds Every younger Sonne of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Twelve pounds Every Person of the Degree of a Baronet of any of the said Three Kingdomes or (4) Nova Scotia and Inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome the Summe of Fifteene pounds Every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome the Summe of Fifteene Pounds Every Person who is a Knight Batchelor Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome the Summe of Ten pounds Every Serjieant at Law being the Kings Serjieant the Summe of Twenty pounds And ever)' other Serjieant at Law the Summe of Fifteene pounds Every Person of the Degree of an Esquire or soe reputed or owning or writeing himselfe such Inhabiting or Resideing within this Kingdome and being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Five pounds Every Gentleman or reputed Gentleman or owning or writeing himselfe such above the Age of Sixteene yeares Inhabiting or Resideing in this Kingdome the Summe of Twenty shillings Every Widow respectively according to her Husbands Degree shall pay the third part Rated by this Act on that Degree of which the Husband of such Wife was in his Lifetime.

k

1 and 0.

3 of 0.

3 and 0•

♦ of 0.

A.D. 1688.

65

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

And bee it further Enacted That every Gentleman haveing an Estate of the value of Three hundred pounds or VI.

more shall be Charged with the Summe of Twenty shillings though he be a Minor under the Age of One and E»ute*of4P300 twenty yeares And noe Gentleman not haveing such an Estate and thereof shall make Oath before any two or or wore, to pay more of the respective Commissioners shall be charged with the said Summe of Twenty shillings in respect of though an Infant; his Title. ""nr^alE"aie'

on Oath charged

And bee it further Enabled and Ordained That all and every the Person and Persons within the Kingdome of for his Title.

England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede who at the time of Execution of this Act shall be Rates of Payment

of the severall Orders Ranks or Degrees hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid pay the severall Summes of Money hereafter in this Act sett downe and appointed (That is to say) Every Person of the Order and Degree Bishop, 20. of an Arch Bishop shall pay the Summe of Fifty pounds Every Person of the Degree and Order of a Bishop ^aj'sj

the Summe of Twenty Pounds Every Person of the Degree of a Deane of any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church £2.10s.

shall pay the Summe of Ten pounds Every Person of the Degree of an Archdeacon shall pay the Summe of Canons and Fifty shillings Every Person of the Degree of a Canon or Prebendary of any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church rated at above ^30. excepting such sole Prebendary who is a sole Corporation and his Prebend not rated in the Exchequer at above ^je°p^ds Thirty pounds shall pay the Summe of Fifty shillings Every Person of the Degree of a Doctor of Divinity Law or Doctors in Divinity Physicke shall pay the Summe of Five pounds Every Person holding two or more Benefices haveing Cure and Fhysick,

of Soules which shall amount together to the cleare yearely value of One hundred and twenty pounds shall pay Two Living# the Summe of Five pounds

Provided alwayes That noe Doctor of Divinity not haveing any Benefice or Ecclesiasticall Preferment shall be charged for his Title or Dignity of Doctor by vertue of this Act nor the Widow of any Ecclesiasticall Person shall be charged for the Third part according to the Title or Dignitie of her late Husband

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained That the severall Persons hereafter mentioned resideing and inhabiting within this Kingdome shall pay the severall Summes of Money hereafter in this Act respectively sett downe and Merchants of charged on them (That is to say) Every Merchant Tradeing in the Port of London and resideing within the freCj £l0 said City or Ten Miles thereof and not being free of the said City shall pay the Summe of Ten pounds And every Merchant or other Person whatsoever useing any Trade or Manuall Occupation and holding [an1] House of a House of ^30. Thirty pounds per Annum within the City of London [or1] within Twenty miles of the same shall pay the Summe per ann. in London, of Ten shillings Every Member in the East India Company shall pay for his Share or Shares which he hath in Member#of East the Joynt Stock of the- said Company Forty shillings for every Hundred pounds according to the first Capitall of the said Stocke Every Member of the Guinea Company shall pay for his Share or Shares which he hath in for Shares, the Joynt Stock of that Company Forty shillings for every Hundred pounds according to the first Capitall of the Gujnea Company, said Stock Every Member of the Company commonly called the Hudsons Bay Company shall pay for his Share du? lAe.^ ^ or Shares which he hath in the Joynt Stocke of that Company Forty shillings for every Hundred pounds according Hudson's Bay to the first Capitall of the said Stock To be paid by the Govemours and Treasurers of the said East India Guinea and Hudsons Bay Companies and to be deducted at their next Dividend

amounting to *£120,

VIIL

Proviso for D.D. not having Benefice, and for Widows of Ecclesiastical Persons.

IX.

Company, the like. Payments to Governors, &c. deducted out of next Dividend.

X.

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authorise aforesaid That every Merchant Stranger and Jew

resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the Summe of Ten pounds Provided that none of the French Protestants Alien Merchants

that hath received any Share of the Publicke Charity collected by vertue of Letters Patents for their Reliefe shall ^iso for^rench

be charged with the said Summe of Ten pounds. Prorestantshaving

received Charity.

And bee it further Enabled and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons XI.

haveing any Share or Shares or Interest in the fresh Streame of runing Water brought to the North parts of shares5inhthe8

London commonly called the New River or any Rents or Profitts ariseing thereby shall pav for the same the New R«*er

Summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings of the yearely value thereof UiTpound of *"

And bee it further Enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the better Assessing Ordering and Levying of year*y \aJlje*

the severall Summes of Money soe as aforesaid limitted and appointed to be paid and for the more effectuall Certain putting of this present Act in Execution soe many of the Persons named and appointed to be Commissioners by under 1 w. & M. an Act. of this present Session of Parlyament Entituled An Act for the Granting a present Ayde to Their Majestyes £ 3-ante, t° be as by their said Majestyes under the Great Seale of England shall be nominated and appointed for that under this Act. purpose shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present AS and the Powers therein contained within all and every the severall and respective Countyes Rideings Cityes Burroughes Townes and Places for which by the said former AS they are appointed Commissioners which said Commissioners in order to the speedy Execution of this Act shall in their respective Counties Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places [meete together at the most usuall General Meeting or comon Place of Meeting within such of the said Counties Cities Burroughs Towns and Places3] respectively at 2oth May 1689^ * or before the Twentyeth day of May One thousand six hundred eighty nine next comeing And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the first Generali Meeting or the major part of them may by their Consents and Agrements divide as well themselves as other the Commissioners not then present for the Execution of this Act in Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Wards Townes and other Places within their Limitts Priviledged or not Priviledged in such manner and forme as to them shall seeme expedient and shall dircCt to dlre& Precepts their severall or joynt Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants High Constables Petty Constables Bayliffes and Constables, See. other like Officers and Ministers and such number of them as they in their Discretions shall thinke most convenient to attend; to be Presenters and Assessors requireing them to appeare before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place commissioners as they shall appoint not exceeding Eight dayes And at such their Appearances the said Commissioners or soe to read, &c. the many of them as shall be thereunto appointed shall openly read or cause to be read unto them the Rates in this RjUs °Pcnbr*

a O.

and 0.

9 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

and prefix other Days for bringing in Certificates of Names, &c. of Persons residing within certain Limits,

together with the Assessment.

Penalty £$ ; and also the Names of Persons to be Collectors.

Payment to Receiver General.

Certificates and Assessments returned to Commissioners on 26th June 1689; and thereupon Commissioners to issue Warrants, &c. for collecting the Assessments ; and Collectors to demand Payment accordingly within Six Days after Receipt of Warrant, and to levy and pay same on 26th July 1689;

and if not paid then Distress upon Collector.

XIII.

Duplicate of Sum charged within every Hundred, &c. returned into the Exchequer under the Hands and Seals of Commissioners before 30th August 1689.

Appeals to be first determined, and like Duplicates delivered to Receivers General, and Money paid before 20th Sept. 1689.

Commissioners may examine Presenters of Certificate, and if they have Cause to suspect that Property is of greater Value than represented, then to proceed against the Parties.

XIV. Commissioners may esquire, but not on Oath, incotheValue of Property assessed.

Receiver General 2d.in the Pound. The Collector 3d.

XV.

Commissioners Clerks 2d. per Pound.

Persons assessed refusing to pay on Demand, Officer m3y distrain.

Proceedings

thercou.

Ad mentioned and openly declare the Effect of their Charge unto them and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates according to the Rates aforesaid and shall then and there prefix another Day to the said Persons to appeare before the said Commissioners and bring in their Certificates of the Names and Simames Qualities Degrees and Titles of all and every the Persons dweling or resideing within the Limitts of those Places with which they shall be charged and of the Substances and Values of every of them in Moneys Debts Annuall Fees Salaries Perquisites Wages Profits Emoluments and other things chargable by this Act together with the Assesment of the respective Rates thereby Imposed on each perticular Person according to the Rules and Directions thereof without Concealment Love Favour Dread or Malice upon paine of Forfeiture of any Summe not exceeding Five pounds to be Levyed as by this Act is appointed and shall alsoe then returne the Names of two or more able and sufficient Persons within the Bounds and Limitts of those Parishes or Places where they shall be chargeable respectively as aforesaid to be Collectors of the Money due to their Majesties by this Act for whose paying unto the Receiver Generali to be appointed by their Majesties their Deputy or Deputies in manner following such Moneys as they shall be charged withall the Parish or Place by whome they are soe Employed shall be answerable which Certificates and Assesments shall be ascertained and returned in to the Commissioners at or before the Twentyeth Day of June One thousand six hundred eighty nine next comeing And upon the Delivery and Returning in of such Certificates or Assessments unto the said Commissioners they or any Two or more of them shall forthwith issue out and deliver their Warrants or Estreats to such Collectors as aforesaid for the speedy Colleding and Levying of the said Assesments and all Moneys and Rates due thereupon according to the intent and subsequent Directions of this present Act Of all which the said Collectors are hereby required to make Demand of the Parties themselves or at the Places of their last abode within Six dayes after the receipt of such Warrants or Estreates and to Levy and Pay in the same on or before the Twentyeth day of July One thousand six hundred eighty nine at such Place as the Commissioners shall appoint unto the respective Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes who are hereby Impowered and Required to call upon and hasten the Collectors to the said Payment And after the said Twentieth day of July to Levy by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any Two or more of the Commissioners upon the Collector by Distresse such Summe and Summes of Money as he hath received and as ought by him to have beene paid and is not paid by reason of his failure in doeing his Duty according to the Direction of this Act.

And bee it Enacted That a true Duplicate of the whole Summe charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place Rated and Assessed in pursuance of this Act without nameing the Persons shall under the Hands and Seales of Two or more of the Commissioners thereunto appointed be returned into Their Majesties Exchequer before the Twentyeth Day of August which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine (all Appeales being first determined) And that like Duplicates be alsoe in convenient time made out and delivered unto the Receivers Generali soe as every of them may be duely charged to answere their respective Colledions and Receipts and that the Money thereupon due be paid into Their Majestyes Exchequer before the Twentyeth day of September which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine and upon Returne of [any 1 ] such Certificate the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall and may if they see cause Examine the Presenters thereof And if the said Coihissioners or any Three or more of them within the severall Limitts shall at the time of the delivery of the Certificates or Six dayes after have certaine knowledge or vehemently suspect that any person or persons who ought to be mentioned in the said Certificates is or are ommitted or that any person or persons in the said Certificate mentioned is or are of a greater Value or Estate then in the said Certificate is mentioned the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall have power to warne such person or persons to appeare before them at a Day and Place prefixed to be Examined [touching their Substance and Value or'] touching other Matters which may any wayes concerne the Premisses And if the person or persons warned to be soe Examined shall neglect to appeare not haveing a reasonable Excuse for such his Default ever)' person soe makeing Default shall pay unto Their Majestyes double the Summe of the Rate he should or ought to have beene sett at

And moreover the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall have Power by all Lawfull wayes and meanes without Oath to Examine and inquire into the Value and Substance of such Persons as are soe chargeable by this Act and to sett such Rate or Rates upon every such person or persons as shall be according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And the said Receiver Generali shall have an Allowance of Two pence in the pound for all Moneys which shall be by him Paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer And that every' Collector shall have Three pence in the pound for what Money he shall pay to the Receiver Generali his Deputie or Deputies And for the carefull writeing and transcribing the said Warrants Estreats and Duplicates in due time Bee it further Enacted that the Commissioners Clerks who shall respectively performe the same shall by Warrant under Two or more of the Commissioners Hands have and receive from the respective Receivers Generali their Deputie or Deputies Two pence in the pound of all such Moneys as he shall have Received by vertue of such Warrants and Estreats who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly And if any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay the severall Summe and Summes and Proportions appointed by this Act for such Person to pay upon Demand made by the Officer or Collector of the Place according to the Precept or Estreats to him delivered by the said Commissioners It shall and may be Lawfull to and for such Officer or Collector who are hereby thereunto Authorized and Required for Non payment thereof to Distraine the Person or Persons soe

refuseing by his or their Goods or Chattel Is and the Distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of Foure dayes at

the Costs and Charges of the Owners thereof And if the said Owner doe not pay the Summe of Money due

by this Act within the said Foure dayes then the said Distresse to be appraised by Three or two of the Inhabitants

‘ interlined on the RolJ.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

67

where the said Distresse is taken and there to be sold by the said Officer for payment of the said Money and the Overplus comeing by the [said*3 Sale (if any be) over and above the Charges of takeing and keeping the said Distresse to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof And if any Person or Persons Assessed by this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay the Summe or Summes soe Assessed by the space of Twenty Dayes after Demand as aforesaid where noe [such '3 sufficient Distresse can or may be found whereby the same may be Levyed in every such case Three or more of the Commissioners by this Act appointed for any such City County or Place are hereby Authorized by Warrant under their Hands and Seales to Committ such Person or Persons to the Common Gaole there to be kept without Baile or Maineprize untill payment shall be made And if any Person Certifyed Assessed or Rated finde him or herselfe aggrieved with such Assessing or Rateing and doe within Ten dayes after Demand thereof made Complaine to the said Commissioners The said Commissioners or any two or more of them (whereof one of the Commissioners who Signed or Allowed his or her Rate to be one) shall and may within Fourteene dayes next after such Complaint particularly Examine the Partie soe Complaining upon his or her Oath of his or her Personall Estate aforesaid and upon due examination or knowledge thereof abate defalke increase or inlarge the said Assesment and the same soe abated increased or inlarged shall be Estreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid And to that end the said Commissioners are hereby required to meete together for the Determining of such Complaints and Appeales accordingly

And bee it further Enacted That every Person rated for his Office Place or publicke I m ploy men t shall be Rated and Pay for his said Office Place or publicke Imployment in the place where the said Office Place or publicke Imployment is Executed and every Person to be otherwise Rated shall be Rated and the Summe and Summes on him or her Sett and Levyed at such places where he or she and with his or her Family shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Act And that all Persons not being Householders nor haveing a certaine place of abode and all Servants shall be Taxed at the place where they are resident at the time of the Execution of this Act.

Provided alwayes That if any Person haveing severall Mansion Houses or places of Residence shall be doubly Charged by Vertue of this Act That upon Certificate made by Two or more of the Commissioners for the County City or Place (which Certificate the said Commissioners are required to give without Delay Fee or Reward) of his or their last Personall Residence under their Hands and Seales of the Summe or Sums there Charged upon him or them or in what capacity or respect he or they were soe Charged and upon Oath made of such Certificate before the Commissioners to whome such Certificate shall be tendred which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby Authorized to Administer when the Person and Persons soe doubly Charged shall (for soe much as shall be certified) be Discharged in every other County City or Place And if any Person at the time of the Assessing shall be out of the Realme such Person shall be Rated where such Person was last abideing within the Realme And if any Person that ought to be Taxed by vertue of this Act by changing his place of Residence or by Fraud or Covin shall escape from the Taxation and not be Taxed and the same proved before the Commissioners or two of them or two Justices of the Peace of the County where such Person dweleth or resideth at any time within Six Months next ensueing after such Tax made every Person that shall soe escape from the said Taxation and Payment shall be charged upon proofe thereof at the double value of soe much as he should or ought to have beene taxed by this Act the said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners or Justices before whome such proofe shall be made to be Levyed of the Goods Lands and Tenements of such Persons towards the Supply aforesaid

And bee it further Enacted That the Commissioners which shall be within any County or Place within their respective Limitts or the major part of them shall Tax and Assesse every other Commissioner joyned with them And the Commissioners within their Division shall Assesse every Assessor within their Division And as well all Summs upon every of the said Commissioners and Assessors as the Assesments made and presented by the Presenters as aforesaid shall be Written Estreated Levyed and Gathered as it should and ought to have beene as if the said Commissioners had not beene named Commissioners

Provided That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guernsey for or concerning any such Personall Estate as aforesaid which they or any other to their use have within the Places aforesaid

And bee it further enacted That if any Assessor Collector Receiver or other Person appointed by the Commissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perforate his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this present Act the said respective Commissioners or any Three or more of them may and shall by vertue of this Act Impose on such person or persons soe refuseing or neglecting their Duties any Fine not exceeding the Summe of Twenty pounds for any one Offence the same to be Levyed and Certifyed as aforesaid into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer and charged upon the respective Receivers Generali amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid

And the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them may or shall from time to time call for and require an Account from the respective Receivers Generali of all the Moneys received by them of the said Collectors and of the Payment thereof into Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer according to the Direction of this Act And in case of any failure in the Premisses the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthewith Levyed and Paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And in case of any Controversie ariseing betweene the said Commissioners concerning the said Rates or Assesments the Commissioners that shall be concerned therein shall have noe [Vote*3 but shall withdraw dureing the Debate of such Controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners And all Questions and Differences that shall

* interlined on the Roll. • Voice O.

Persons assessed not paying ia Twenty Day9, and where no sufficient Distress, Party imprisoned in the Common Gaol without Bail. Persons aggrieved by Rate, &c. may complain to Commissioners.

Commissioners to meet to hear Complaints.

XVI. Officers rated where their Office executed ; other Persons not being Hou seholders, See. and Servants where they live.

XVII.

If Persons having several Mansions be doubly charged.

how such Persons discharged.

Persons out of the Realm rated at last Place of Abode. Persons escaping from Taxation charged at double Value.

XVIII.

Commissioners may assess other Commissioners and Assessors.

XIX. Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XX.

Assessors or others appointed by Commissioners neglecting Duty ; Penalty not exceeding <^20 for any one Offence certified into Exchequer.

XXI. Commissioners from Time to Time to require Accounts from Receiver General, and, in case of Failure, Money to be levied.

If any Controversy between Commissioners concerning Rates, Proceedings.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

A.D. 1688.

Questions touching the Rates

determined by Two or more Commissioners. Receiver General to give

Acquittances to Collectors gratis. Collectors to deliver to Receivers General a Schedule of Names, &c. of the Persons rated making Default, to be returned into the Exchequer.

XXII.

Proviso against Double Charge in respect of Titles.

XXIII. Letters Patent, from the Crown, of Privileges, &c. or Non obstantes, not to exempt from Payment of Assessment.

XXIV.

Constables, &c. to aid in executing Warrants, &c. of Commissioners.

XXV. Persons lending Money on Credit of A A, not exceeding .£300,000, to have Tallies of Loan.

Persons furnishing Navy or Ordnance with Goods, on Certificate thereof, to have Warrants for Payment.

XXVI. Orders for Re-payment of Money lent, and Orders signed by Treasury, to be registered in course.

XXVII. Orders signed by Treasury entered in course.

XXVIII.

Persons to be paid in course as their Orders stand entered.

XXIX. Monies raised by Assessments to be liable in the like Order

arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assesments or Levyes shall be heard and finally determined by two or more of the Commissioners upon Complaint thereof by them made by any Person or Persons thereby grieved without further trouble or Suite in Law And the said Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputies shall give Acquittances gratis to the said Collectors for all Moneys of them received in pursuance of this Act which Acquittances shall be a full Discharge to the said Collectors respectively And the said Collectors shall make and deliver to the said Receivers Generali their Depude or Deputies a perfect Schedule fairly written in Parchment under their Hands and Seales Signed and Allowed by any two or more of the respective Commissioners containing the Names and Sirnames and Places of abode of every person as well Peere or Commoner within their respective Collection that shall make default of payment of any of the Sums that shall be Rated or assessed on such person by vertue of this Act and the Summe and Summes charged on every such person the same to be by him returned into Their Majestyes Exchequer whereupon every person soe makeing default of payment may be charged by Processe of the Court according to the course thereof in that behalfe

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That noe person shall by vertue of this Act be doubly Charged for or in respect of severall Titles Honours or Degrees but that every such person shall be Charged and Assessed for such Title Honour or Degree onely 4as is highest rated by this Act

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Letters Patents Granted by the King and Queens Majesties or any of their Royall Progenitors or to be Granted by Their Majesties to any Person or Persons Cities Burroughs or Townes Corporate within this Realme of any manner [of1] Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions from Subsidies [Tolls Taxes Assessments or Ayds'] shall be Construed or taken to Exempt any Person or Persons City Burrough or Towne Corporate or any the Inhabitants of the same from the Burthen and Charge of any Summe or Summes of Money Granted by this Act And all Non obstantes in such Letters Patents made or to be made in Barr of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Supply or Assistance of Their Majesties are hereby Declared to be void and of none EfFect Any such Letters Patents Grants or Charters or any Clause of Non obstante or other matter or thing therein contained or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That all Constables Headburroughs Tythingmen and others Their Majestyes Officers shall and are hereby required and enjoyned to be respectively Aiding and Assisting in the Execution of this Act and to Obey and Execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalfe by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed or any two or more of them

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons who shall Lend any Moneys not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds in the whole to Their Majestyes upon the Credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment bearing the same date with his Tally In which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for Forbearance after the Rate of Seven pounds per Cont8 per Ann! for his Consideration to be paid yevery Three months untill Repayment of his Principall And that all Person and Persons who shall furnish Their Majestyes Their Officers of the Navy or Ordnance with any Wares Goods Shipps ViCtualls or any other Necessaries for the Service aforesaid shall upon Certificate of the Commissioners and Officers of the Navy or of the Master or Commissioners and Officers of the Ordnance or some of them without delay forthwith have made out to them Warrants or Orders for the Payment of the Moneys due

or payable unto them which Certificate the said Officers of their Navy Commissioners and Officers of the Ordnance

shall make without Fee Charge or Delay.

And that all Orders for Repayment of Money Lent shall be Registred in Course according to the Date of the Tally respectively And that all Orders Signed by the Lord Treasurer or Lords Comissioners of the Treasury and Under-Treasurer of the Exchequer for payment of Moneys for Goods Wares ViCtualls and other Necessaries furnished to Their Majestyes Their Officers Master or Commissioners as aforesaid shall be Registred

in Course according to the time of bringing to the Office of the Auditor of Receipt the Certificates above

mentioned

And that all Orders soe Signed for Payments directed by Their Majestyes shall be Entred in Course according to their respective Dates And none of the sorts of Orders above mentioned either for Loanes of Money Supplies of Wares Goods ViCtualls or other Necessaries or by Special 1 Direction shall have preference one before another but shall all be Entred in their Course according to the Dates of the Tallies the Times of bringing their Certificates and the Dates of the Orders for Payments Directed by Their Majestyes as they are in point of time respectively before each other

And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in Course according as their Orders shall stand Entred in the said Register Booke be it Orders for Payments Directed by Their Majesties or of Moneys Lent or for Wares Comodities Ships ViCtualls or other Necessaries furnished as aforesaid soe as that the Person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first Entred

in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and accounted as the first Person to be paid upon the Moneys to

come in by vertue of this Act And he or they that shall have his or their Warrants or Orders Warrant or

Order next Entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe successively and in

Course

And that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Parties their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever

‘ interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

69

And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any Their Majestyes Subjects for providing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entries View Search or Certificate in or for payment of Money Lent or the Interest thereof or for payment of any Money upon any Order upon any Contract for Wares and Goods furnished to the Use of Their Majestyes Navy and Ordnance as aforesaid by any of Their Majesties Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputies on paine of payment of Treble Damages to the partie grived by the partie offending with Costs of Suite or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his place alsoe And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the partie grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office

And if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master Then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office

And in case the Auditor shall not Direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make payment according to each persons due place and Order as aforedirected then he or they shall be judged to

Forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and

Costs in such manner as aforesaid

All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer Navy or Ordnance or any their Deputies or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby Declared That if it happen that severall Tallies of Loane or Certificates for Wares delivered or Orders for payments directed by Their Majestyes as aforesaid beare Date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be Registred Then it shall be Interpreted noe undue preference which of those he Enters first soe he Enters them all the same day.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be Interpreted any undue preference to incurr any penaltie in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come

to demand their Money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much Money reserved as

will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Banke for them

XXX.

No Fees to be taken for providing or making Registers, Entries, &c.

Penalty, Treble Damages and Costs of Suit, and Officer

demanding, &c.

Fee to lose his Place.

Undue Preference by Officer.

Action by Party grieved and Loss of Place.

XXXI.

The like as to Deputy.

XXXII. Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller offending, or their Deputies, liable to Forfeiture and Action.

XXXIII.

Penalties, &c. how recovered.

XXXIV.

What not interpreted undue Preference where Tallies brought the same Day.

XXXV.

The like Enactment when Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, and Teller pay subsequent Orders when first demanded.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Person or Persons to whome any Money shall be due by vertue of this Act after Warrant or Order Entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsment of his Order or Warrant may Assigne and Transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefit of such Warrant or Order or any part thereof to any other which being Notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Warrants (which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall intitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner Assigne againe and soe toties quoties And afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignements to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof

And bee it further Enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suite or Information shall be Commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act such person or persons soe Sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may plead the Generali Issue Not guilty and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the speciall Matter in Evidence and if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained That the respective Parents Guardians and Tutors of every Person under the Age of One and twenty yeares shall upon default of payment by such Person and upon Demand pay what is due and payable by this Act for every such Person resideing in their Family or under their Tuition and not Exempted as before herein is mentioned

And bee it Enacted That all Persons not being Housholders not haveing a certaine Place of Abode and all Servants shall be Taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Act and not otherwise

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Moneys due and payable by this Act shall be paid by the particular Collectors of the respective Countyes Cities Burroughes Townes Parishes and Places who shall Collect the same unto such Receiver Generali as shall by Their Majestyes be appointed to Receive the same or to the Deputy or Deputies of such Receiver Generali to be appointed under his Hand and Seale whereof Notice shall be given by the Receiver Generali unto the Commissioners or any two of them within their respective Divisions

XXXVI. Proviso for Right of Persons having Money due to them to assign their Interest iii Warrants, &c.

Memorial of such Assignment to be made without Fee.

Assignments not to be released by Assignor.

XXXVII.

Where Actions, &c. commenced against Persons executing Ad, they may plead the General Issue, and recover Treble Costs on Nonsuit, See. of Plaintiff.

XXXVIII. Parents, See. of Infants making Default, to pay.

XXXIX.

Lodgers and Servants taxed at Place of Residence at Execution of

Ad.

XL.

The Times and Manner in which Collectors to pay Monies collected under this Act.

T

TO

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

XLI.

Collectors not obliged to travel above to Miles to make their Payments.

XLII. Receivers General within One Month to give Commissioners a Receipt of Monies received by him.

Such Receipt to be a Discharge of the Hundred, &c.

XLIII. Receiver General certifying Arrears where none are due, or unduly setting insuper.

Penalty, Treble Damages, to be recovered by Action, and Forfeiture of double the Sum unduly certified.

XLIV.

Commissioners not liable to Penalties of 25 Car. II. c.2.

XLV.

Penalties, for the levying of which no Provision is made, to be levied by Distress under Warrant of Commissioners.

XL VI.

Commissioners at General Meetings, after Appeals determined, to cause Duplicates of Sums levied to be written and delivered to Sheriff, and to be by him transmitted into the Exchequer I st Nov. 1689.

XLVII. Interest at e£'j. per Cent, on Monies lent on Credit of 1 W. & M. c. 3. ante.

xlviii.

Menial Servants refusing, &c. to pay Assessments Master or Mistrc to pay, and may deduct out of Wages.

XLIX.

Proviso for Persons dispossessed of their Estates in Ireland by reason of the Rebellion.

Except certain Persons having Estates in England.

within Ten dayes after their first generall Meeting and soe from time to time within Ten dayes after every Death or Removeall of any Deputy if any such shall happen And the Receipt of such Receiver Generall his Deputy or Deputies or any one of them shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector

And bee it further Enacted That the particular Collectors for payment of any Summes by them received unto such Receiver Generall or his Deputy shall not be obliged to Travell above Ten Miles from the Place of their Habitations

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Receiver Generall from time to time within the space of one Month next after he shall have received the full Summe that shall be charged upon any Hundred or Division for each particular Payment that is to be made to such Receiver Generall by vertue of this Act shall give to the Commissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a Receipt under his Hand and Seale acknowiedging his Receipt of the full Summe charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular Payments which Receipt shall be a full Discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular Payments both against Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors

And for the better preventing of such unjust Vexations as might be occasioned by such Persons as shall be appointed Receivers Generall of any of the Summs of Money granted by this Act And to the intent the said Receivers Generall may retume a true Account into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer of such Sums of Money as shall be received by them and every of them their and every of their Deputy and Deputies Bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any such Receiver Generall shall returne or Certifie into the said Court any Summe or Sums of Money to be in Arreare or Unpaid after the same have beene received either by such Receiver

Generall or by his Deputy or Deputies or any of them or shall cause any person or persons to be sett insuper in

the said Court for any Summe or Summes of Money that hath beene soe Received That then every such Receiver Generall shall forfeit to every person and persons that shall be Molested Vexed or Damaged by reason of such unjust Certificate Returne or Setting insuper treble the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned The said Damages to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance And shall alsoe Forfeite to Their Majestyes Their Heires and Successors double the Summe that shall be soe unjustly Certifyed or Returned or caused to be sett insuper

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Comissioner or Commissioners who shall be

Imployed in the Execution of this Act shall be lyable for or by reason of such Execution to any of the Penalties

mentioned in an Act made the Five and Twentycth Yeare of King Charles the Second For the preventing of Dangers wrhich may happen from Popish Recusants

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred for any Offences against this Act for which there is noe way of Levying therein before prescribed or appointed shall be Levyed by Warrant of any two or more of the respective Commissioners of the Division or Place where any such Offence was or shall be comitted by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the Offender rendring the Overplus to the Owner thereof after a Deduction of reasonable Charges for Distraining the same

And bee it further Enacted That the Commissioners in every County at a Generall Meeting to be by them appointed after all Appeales shall be first determined shall cause Duplicates of the whole Summe charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place Rated and Assesed in such County in pursuance of this Act without nameing the Persons to be fairly written in Parchment and ascertained under two or more of their Hands respectively to each Duplicate and the same soe by them subscribed and ascertained shall be joyntly and together delivered to the Sheriffe of such County and be by him transmitted to the Exchequer at or before the First day of November One thousand six hundred eighty and nine

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for all and every Summe and Suines of Money that is are or shall be Lent or Advanced by wray of Loane upon the Security of an Act of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for the Granting a present Ayde to Their Majestyes the respective Lenders thereof shall have Interest for forbearance thereof after the Rate of Sev6n pounds per Centum per Annum for his Consideration to be paid every Three months untill Repayment of his Principall The said recited Act or any other Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding

And bee it further Enacted That in case any Meniall Servant receiveing Wages shall upon the demand of such Assessment or Moneys as are due from him or her by vertue of this Act refuse or neglect to pay the same to the respective Collectors in such case his or her Master or Mistresse shall pay such Servants Assessments And it shall then be lawfull for such Master or Mistresse to dedu& and stopp the same out of such Wages as shall or ought to be next paid unto such Servant Any Law or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe person or persons who by reason of the present Rebellion in Ireland are dispossest ot their Estates in that Kingdome shall be charged with or made lyable to pay any of the Summe or Summes intended to be paid by the severall Degrees of Persons in this Act mentioned Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding unlesse such person or persons being of or above the Degree of a Baron shall have in the Kingdome of England an Estate of the cleare yearely value of One thousand pounds or being of the Degree of a Baronet Knight Esquire or Gentleman and haveing an Estate of the cleare yearely value of Five hundred pounds in the Kingdome of England aforesaid.

71

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 14, 15.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for preventing Doubts and Questions concerning the Collecting the Publique Revenue.

FOR the preventing all Disputes and Questions concerning the collecting levying and answering of the Publique Revenue due and payable in the Raignes of the late Kings Charles the Second and James the Second whilst the better setling of the same is under the Consideration of this present Parylament Bee it enacted by the King and Queenes most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same That the Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of Money payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported and the severall Impositions Duties and Charges upon Liquors Manufactures and other things and all and singular the Revenue and Revenues whatsoever except the Duties ariseing by Fire-hearths and Stoves other then such as are or shall be incurred at or before the five and twentyeth day of March one thousand six hundred eighty nine given granted and payable to or lawfully enjoyed by the said late Kings or either of them which remained and had continuance on the fifth day of November last and all Arreares of the same shall be raised levyed collected answered and paid to their Majestyes untill the twenty fifth day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and nine in the same manner and forme according to such Rates and Orders and by such Rules Meanes and Wayes and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned expressed and appointed in the Statutes made in the Raigns of the said late Kings or either of them concerning the same respectively and as by Law the same might or ought to have beene dureing the said Raigns And that all and singular Acts of Parliament made dureing the Reigns of either of the said late Kings for the granting setling raising levying collecting answering and paying the same or for preventing Frauds or Concealments or regulateing Abuses therein or for the better ordering or recovering the same and all Powers Provisions Penalties Articles Clauses and Things contained in the said Acts or any of them be and are hereby continued and confirmed and shall stand and be in force and be applyed practiced executed and putt in use for the raising levying collecting paying and answering the said Subsidie Summes of Money Impositions Duties and Revenues to their Majestyes according to the tenour and intent of this present Act And alsoe that an Order of the Commons in Parliament assembled made in pursuance of the Rules and Orders annexed to the Act of Parliament made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of the [said1] late King Charles the Second Entituled A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of Money payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported for setling of Officers Fees dated the seventeenth day of May one thousand six hundred sixty two and signed by Sir Edward Turner then Speaker shall be of full force and effect untill the said five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred eighty nine as if the same were particularly and at large recited in this Act

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons that have

received or collected the said Subsidy Summs of Money Impositions Duties or any other publique Revenue or

any part or parcel thereof since the said fifth day of November shall and are hereby indempnifyed against all persons from whome he or they levyed received or collected the same to be answerable neverthelesse to their Majestyes for what he or they have soe received or collected

And bee it farther enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Seisures and Distresses made or to be made by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise or any person or persons thereunto lawfully authorized and all Forfeitures and Penalties for any Offence against any Law concerning the Customs or Excise or relateing to the Transportation of Woole or Importation or Exportation of Prohibited Goods incurred since the eleventh day of December and before the thirteenth day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight shall be prosecuted and sued and all Recoveries Judgments and Proceedings thereupon shall and may be had and prosecuted as well by any Informer sueing and prosecuteing for the Kings and Queens Majestyes and himselfe as by their Majestyes Attourney

Generali for their Majestyes in the same manner and forme as if such Seizures Distresses and Offences had beene

made and committed after the said thirteenth day of February.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act for the better secureing the Government by disarming Papists and reputed Papists.

FOR the better secureing of the Government against Papists and reputed Papists bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same That it shall and may be lawfull for any two or more Justices of the Peace who shall know or suspect any person to be a Papist or shall be informed that any person is or is suspected to be a Papist to tender and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to tender to such person soe knowne or suspected to be a Papist the Declaration sett downe and expressed in an Act of Parlyament made in the thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for the more effectuall Preserveing the Kings Person and Government by disabling Papists from sitting in either

1 interlined on the Roll.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. II.

All the Revenue payable to the Two late Kings shall be paid to their present Majesties till December next.

All Aa* concerning the Revenue in force.

Orders about Fees continued.

Stat. 12 Car. 11, c. 4.

II.

Persons who hare received Subsidy indemnified, but answerable to their Majesties.

III.

Seizures and Forfeitures betwixt December and February valid.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. 12.

Two Justices of Peace may tender Declaration of 30 Car. II. to Papist, &c.

30 Car. II. st. 2.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 15.

Such Persons refusing,

Penalty.

House of Parlyament to be by him made repeated and subscribed And if such person soe required shall refuse to make repeate and subscribe the said Declaration or shall not make repeate and subscribe the said Declaration or shall refuse or forbeare to appeare before the said Justices for the makeing repeating and subscribeing the said Declaration upon notice to him given or left at his usuall place of abode by any person authorized in that behalfe by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of the said two Justices such person from thenceforth shall be taken to be and is hereby declared to be lyable and subject to all and every the Penalties Forfeitures and Disabilities hereafter in this Act mentioned

II.

Justices of Peace to certify Subscribers an<l Refusers to the Sessions.

III.

Refuser to keep no Arms.

Two Justices of Peace may seize Arms.

IV.

Refuser not discovering or hindering the Search for his Arms.

Imprisonment.

Penalty.

V.

Concealing Arms.

Imprisonment.

Penalty.

And bee it hereby further enacted That the said Justices of the Peace shall certifie the Name Simame and usuall place of abode of every person who being required shall refuse or neglect to make repeate and subscribe the said Declaration or to appeare before them for the makeing repeating and subscribing the said Declaration As alsoe of every person who shall make repeate and subscribe the said Declaration at the next Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden for the Shire Rideing Division or Liberty for which they shall be Justices of the Peace to be there recorded by the Clerke of the Peace or Towne-Clerke and kept amongst the Records of the said Sessions

And for the better secureing their Majestyes Persons and Government Bee it further enacted and declared That noe Papist or reputed Papist soe refuseing or makeing default as aforesaid shall or may have or keepe in his

House or elsewhere or in the Possession of any other person to his use or at his disposition any Arms Weapons

Gunpowder or Ammunition (other then such necessary Weapons as shall be allowed to him by Order of the Justices of the Peace at their Generali Quarter Sessions for the defence of his House or person) And that any two or more Justices of the Peace from time to time by Warrant under their Hands and Seales may authorize and impower any person or persons in the day time with the assistance of the Constable or his Deputy or the Tythingman or Headburrough where the Search shall be (who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting herein) to search for all Arms Weapons Gunpowder or Ammunition which shall be in the House Custodie or Possession of any such Papist or reputed Papist and seize the same for the use of their Majestyes and their

Successors which said Justices of the Peace shall from time to time at the next Generali Quarter Sessions to be

held for the County Rideing Division or Liberty where such Seizure shall be made deliver the said Arms Weapons Gunpowder and Ammunition in open Court for the use aforesaid

And bee it further enacted That every' Papist or reputed Papist who shall not within the space of ten dayes after such refusall or makeing default as aforesaid discover and deliver or cause to be delivered to some of their

Majestyes Justices of the Peace all Arms Weapons Gunpowder or Ammunition whatsoever which he shall have in

his House or elsewhere or which shall be in the possession of any person to his use or at his disposition or shall hinder or disturbe any person or persons authorized by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any two Justices of the peace to search for and seize the same that every such person soe offending contrary to the Statute in this behalfe made shall be committed to the Common Gaole of the County or Place where he shall committ such Offence by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize for the space of three months and shall alsoe forfeite and lose the said Arms and pay treble the value of them to the use of their Majestyes and their Successors to be appraized by the Justices of the Peace at

the next generall Quarter Sessions to be held for the said County Rideing or Division to their Majesties and their

Successors

And bee it further enacted That every person who shall conceale or be privy or aiding or assisting to the concealing or who knowing thereof shall not discover or declare to some of their Majesties Justices of the Peace the Arms Weapons Gunpowder or Ammunition of any person soe refuseing or makeing default as aforesaid or shall hinder or disturbe any person or persons authorized as aforesaid in searching for takeing and seizing the same shall be committed to the Common Gaole of the County or place where he shall committ such Offence by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize for the space of three Months and shall alsoe forfeit and lose treble the value of the said Arms to their Majestyes and their Successors

VI.

Persons discovering Arms.

Reward.

Refusers taking the Declaration, Penalty discharged.

And bee it further enacted That if any person or persons shall discover any concealed Arms Weapons Ammunition or Gunpowder belonging to any refuseing or makeing default as aforesaid soe as the same may be seized as aforesaid for the use of their Majestyes and their Successors the Justices of the Peace upon delivery of the same at the generall Quarter Sessions as aforesaid shall have power and they are hereby required as a Reward for such a discovery by Order of Sessions to allow to him or them a Summe of Money amounting to the full value of the Arms Weapons Ammunition or Gunpowder soe discovered the said Summe to be assessed by the Judgment of the said Justices at their said Sessions and to be levyed by distresse and sale of the Goods of the person offending against this Act rendring the Overplus which shall arise by such sale above the said summe soe allowed and above the necessary Charges of takeing such distresse to the Owner Provided alwayes That if any person who shall have refused or made default as aforesaid shall desire to submitt and conforme and for that purpose shall present himselfe before the Justices of Peace at the Generall Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County Rideing Division or Liberty where his refuseall or makeing default as aforesaid shall be certifyed as aforesaid and shall there in open Court make repeate and subscribe the said Declaration contained in the said Act made in the said thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of the said late King Charles the Second and take the several! Oathes contained in an Act made in this present Parlyament Intituled An Act for Removeing and Preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and sitting of this present Parlyament He shall from thenceforth be discharged of and from all disabilities and forfeitures which he might or should be lyable to for the future by reason of his refusall or default as aforesaid

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 15—IT.

73

And bee it further enacted That noe Papist or reputed Papist soe refuseing or makeing default as aforesaid at VII.

any time after the fifteenth day of May in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty nine shall or Thovc^Vafuc may have or keepe in his owne possession or in the possession of any other person to his use or at his disposition forfeited, any Horse or Horses which shall be above the value of five pounds to be sold and that any two or more Justices of the Peace from time to time by Warrant under their Hands and Seals may and shall authorize any person or persons with the assistance of the Constable or his Deputie or the Tythingman or Headburrough when the Search shall be (who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting herein) to search for and seize for the use of their Majesties and their Successors all such Horses which Horses are hereby declared to be forfeited to their Majesties and their Successors

yin

And bee it further enacted That if any person shall conceale or be aiding or assisting in the concealing any concealing

such Horse or Horses belonging to any Papist or reputed soe refuseing or makeing default as aforesaid after the PaP,8ts Horse*,

said fifteenth day of May such person shall be committed to prison by such Warrant as aforesaid there to remaine without Baile or Maineprise by the space of three months and shall alsoe forfeit and lose to their Majestyes and Penalty,

their Successors treble the value of such Horse or Horses which value is to be setled as aforesaid.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act that the Simoniacall Promotion of one Person may not prejudice another. r0, pari pL

nu. 13.

WHEREAS it hath often happened that persons Simoniack or Simoniacally promoted to Benefices or Ecclesiasticall Liveings have enjoyed the benefitt of such Liveings many yeares and some times all their Life-time by reason of the secret carriage of such Simoniacall dealing and after the death of such Simoniack person another person innocent of such Crime and worthy of such Preferment being presented or promoted by another Patron innocent alsoe of that Simoniacall Contract have beene troubled and removed upon pretence of Lapse (or otherwise) to the prejudice of the innocent Patron in Reversion and of his Clerke whereby the Guilty goe away with profitt of his Crime and the innocent succeeding Patron and his Clerke are punished contrary to all reason and good Conscience For prevention whereof Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That after the death of the person soe Simoniacally promoted the Offence or Contract SimoniacalContraft of Simony shall neither by way of Title in Pleading or in Evidence to a Jury or otherwise hereafter be alledged prejudice, or pleaded to the prejudice of any other Patron innocent of Simony or of his Clerke by him presented or

promoted upon pretence of Lapse to the Crowne Metropolitan or otherwise unlesse the person Simoniack or

Simoniacally presented or his Patron was convicted of such Offence at the Common Law or some Ecclesiasticall

Court in the Life time of the person Simoniack or Simoniacally promoted or presented any Law or Statute to the

contrary notwithstanding

[And bee it alsoe provided enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid That noe Lease or Leases really and bona fide made or hereafter to be made by any such person as aforesaid Simoniack or Simoniacally promoted to any Deanry Prebend or Parsonage or other Ecclesiasticall Benefice or Dignity for good and valuable consideration to any Tennant or person not being privy unto or haveing notice of such Simony shall be impeached or avoided for or by reason of such Simony but shall be good and effectuall in Law the said Simony notwithstanding.' ]

II.

Lease made bona fide by Simonist, good.

CHAPTER XVB.

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a certaine Act of this present Parliament For the amoveing Papists from the

Cities of London and Westminster.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. 14.

WHEREAS in an Act of this present Parliament intituled An Act for the amoveing Papists and reputed Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster and ten miles distance from the same the County of Sussex is by mistake in the said Act inserted for the County of Essex Bee it enabled by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That all and every the Powers and Authorities by the Sussex changed said recited Act given to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex be and are hereby declared and enacted to ,nto extend to the County of Essex and the Justices of Peace of the said County of Essex and Limitts thereof.

‘ annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

U

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. IB.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. mu. 15.

23 £1. c. 1.

29 £1. c.6.

1 El. c. 2. $ 14.

3 Jac.I. c. 3, 4.

3 Jac.I. c. 5. nor any other Law against Papists or Popish Recusants, except

25 Car. II. c. 2. 30 Car- 11 st. 2. to extend to Dissenters taking the Oaths of cap. 1. ante, and making and subscribing the Declaration of 30 Car. II. st. 2.

Justices to tender Oaths and Declaration, and keep a Register thereof.

Fee for Register and Certificate.

n.

Persons convicted, 8tc. taking the Oaths, &c. to be discharged.

in.

Persons taking the Oaths, &c. not liable to Penalties of 35 £1. c. 1. and 22 Car. II. c. 1. nor to be prosecuted in any Ecclesiastical Court.

IV.

Dissenters meeting with Doors locked. Sec. excluded from Benefit of this Act.

Proviso for Tvthes.

V.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Act for Exempting their Majestyes Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the

Penalties of certaine Lawes.

FORASMUCH as some ease to scrupulous Consciences in the Exercise of Religion may be an effectuall meanes to unite their Majesties Protestant Subjects in Interest and Affection Bee it enabled by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That neither the Statute made in the three and twentieth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth Entituled An Act to Retaine the Queens Majestyes Subjects in their due Obedience, Nor the Statute made in the twenty ninth yeare of the said Queene Intituled An Act for the more speedy and due Execution of certaine Branches of the Statute made in the three and twentyeth yeare of the Queens Majestyes Raigne vizi The aforesaid Act, nor that Branch or Clause of a Statute made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the said Queene Intituled An Act for [the * ] Uniformity of Common Prayer and Service in the Church and Administration of the Sacraments whereby all persons haveing noe lawfull or reasonable excuse to be absent are required to resort to their Parish Church or Chappell or some usuall place where the Common Prayer shall be used upon paine of Punishment by the Censures of the Church and alsoe upon paine that every person soe offending shall forfeite for every such Offence twelve pence Nor the Statute made in the third yeare of the Raigne of the late King James (*) Intituled An Act for the better discovering and repressing Popish Recusants Nor that other Statute made in the same yeare Intituled An Act to Prevent and Avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Recusants Nor any other Law or Statute of this Realme made against Papists or Popish Recusants Except the Statute made in the five and twentyeth yeare of King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants And except alsoe the Statute made in the thirtyeth yeare of the said King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for the more effectuall preserveing the Kings Person and Government by disableing Papists from sitting in either House of Parlyament Shall be construed to extend to any person or persons dissenting from the Church of England that shall take the Oaths mentioned in a Statute made this present Parliament Intituled An Act for removeing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and sitting of this present Parliament And shall make and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in a Statute made in the thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second Intituled An Act to prevent Papists from sitting in either House of Parlyament Which Oaths and Declaration the Justices of Peace at the generall Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place where such person shall live are hereby required to tender and administer to such persons as shall offer themselves to take make and subscribe the same and thereof to keepe a Register And likewise none of the persons aforesaid shall give or pay as any Fee or Reward to any Officer or Officers belonging to the Court aforesaid above the summe of six pence nor that more then once for his or their Entry of his takeing the said Oaths and makeing and subscribeing the said Declaration Nor above the further summe of six pence for any Certificate of the same to be made out and signed by the Officer or Officers of the said Court.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons already convicted or prosecuted in order to Conviction of Recusancy by Indictment Information Action of Debt or otherwise grounded upon the aforesaid Statutes or any of them that shall take the said Oaths mentioned in the said Statute made this present Parliament and make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid in the Court of Exchequer or Assizes or Generali or Quarter Sessions to be held for the County where such person lives and to be thence respectively certified into the Exchequer shall be thenceforth exempted and discharged from all the Penalties Seizures Forfeitures Judgements and Executions incurred by force of any the aforesaid Statutes without any Composition Fee or further Charge whatsoever

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons that shall as aforesaid take the said Oathes and make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid shall not be lyable to any Paines Penalties or Forfeitures mentioned in an Act made in the five and thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth Intituled An Act to retaine the Queenes Majestyes Subjects in their due Obedience Nor in an Act made in the two and twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles the Second Intituled An Act to prevent and suppresse seditious Conventicles Nor shall any of the said persons be prosecuted in any Ecclesiasticall Court for or by reason of their Nonconforming to the Church of England

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Assembly of persons dissenting from the Church of England shall be had in any place for Religious Worship with the doores locked barred or bolted dureing any time of such Meeting together all and every person or persons that shall come to and be at such Meeting shall not receive any benefitt from this Law but be lyable to all the Paines and Penalties of all the aforesaid Laws recited in this Act for such their Meeting notwithstanding his takeing the Oaths and his makeing and subscribing the Declaration aforesaid Provided alwayes That nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any of the persons aforesaid from paying of Tythes or other Parochiall Duties or any other Duties to the Church or Minister nor from any Prosecution in any Ecclesiasticall Court or elsewhere for the same

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Person dissenting from the Church of England as aforesaid shall hereafter be chosen or otherwise appointed to beare the Office of High Constable or

* interlined on the Roll.

* the first O.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 18.

75

Petty Constable Churchwarden Overseer of the Poore or any other Parochiall or Ward Office and such person shall scruple to take upon him any of the said Offices in reguard of the Oathes or any other Matter or Thing required by the Law to be taken or done in respect of such Office every such Person shall and may execute such Office or Employment by a sufficient Deputie by him to be provided that shall comply with the Laws on this behalfe Provided alwayes the said Deputy be allowed and approved by such person [and '] persons in such manner as such Officer or Officers respectively should by Law have beene allowed and approved

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That noe person dissenting from the Church of England in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders or pretending to Holy Orders nor any Preacher or Teacher of any Congregation of dissenting Protestants that shall make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid and take the said Oaths at the Generali or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County Towne Parts or Division where such person lives which Court is hereby impowred to administer the same and shall alsoe declare his approbation of and subscribe the Articles of Religion mentioned in the Statute made in the thirteenth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth Except the thirty fourth thirty fifth and thirty sixth and these words of the twentyeth Article [viz1*] (the Church hath power to decree Rights or Ceremonies and Authority in Controversies of Faith and yet) shall be lyable to any of the paines or penalties mentioned in an Act made in the seventeenth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for restraining Non Conformists from inhabiting in Corporations Nor the penalties mentioned in the aforesaid Act made in the two and twentyeth yeare of his said late Majesties Raigne for or by reason of such persons preaching at any Meeting for the Exercise of Religion Nor to the penalty of one hundred pounds mentioned in an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth of King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for the Uniformity of Publique Prayers and Administration of Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies And for establishing the Forme of makeing ordaineing and consecrateing of Bishops Priests and Deacons in the Church of England for officiating in any Congregation for the Exercise of Religion permitted and allowed by this Act [Provided alwayes That the makeing and subscribing the said Declaration and the takeing the said Oaths and makeing the Declaration of Approbation and Subscription to the said Articles in manner as aforesaid by every respective person or persons herein before mentioned at such Generali or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid shall be then and there entred of Record in the said Court for which six pence shall be paid to the Clerke of the Peace and noe more3] Provided that such person shall not at any time preach in any place but with the doores not locked barred or bolted as aforesaid

Dissenters appointed Officers, and scrupling Oaths, &c. may act by Deputy!

VI.

Dissenters in Orders by what Means exempted from the Penalties of 13 & 14 Car. II. c. 4. § IO.

17 Car. II. c. 2. and

aa Car. II. c. 1.

Taking the Oaths, Sec. to be registered.

Meeting-Door to be unlocked.

And whereas some dissenting Protestants scruple the baptizeing of Infants Bee it enacted by the authorise aforesaid That every person in pretended Holy Orders or pretending to Holy Orders or Preacher or Teacher that

shall subscribe the aforesaid Articles of Religion Except before excepted and alsoe except part of the seven and

twentyeth Article touching Infant Baptisme and shall take the said Oathes and make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid in manner aforesaid every such person shall enjoy all the Privileges Benefitts and Advantages which any other dissenting Minister as aforesaid might have or enjoy by vertue of this Act

And bee it further enabled by the authoritie aforesaid That every Teacher or Preacher in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders that is a Minister Preacher or Teacher of a Congregation that shall take the Oathes herein required and make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid And alsoe subscribe such of the aforesaid Articles of the Church

of England as are required by this Act in manner aforesaid shall be thenceforth exempted from serveing upon

any Jury or from being chosen or appointed to beare the Office of Churchwarden Overseer of the Poflre or any other Parochiall or Ward Office or other Office in any Hundred of any Shire City Towne Parish Division or Wapentake

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every Justice of the Peace may at any time hereafter require any person that goes to any Meeting for Exercise of Religion to make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid and alsoe to take the said Oaths or Declaration of Fidelity herein after mentioned in case such person scruples the takeing of an Oath and upon refusall thereof such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to committ such person to Prison without Baile or Maineprize and to certifie the Name of such person to the next Generali or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for that County City Towne Part or Division where such person then resides and if such person soe committed shall upon a second tender at the Generali or Quarter Sessions refuse to make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid such persons refuseing shall be then and there recorded and he shall be taken thenceforth to all intents and purposes for a Popish Recusant Convict and suffer accordingly and incurr all the penalties and forfeitures of all the aforesaid Laws

And whereas there are certaine other persons Dissenters from the Church of England who scruple the takeing of any Oath Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every such person shall make and subscribe the aforesaid Declaration and alsoe this Declaration of Fidelity following viz

JAB doe sincerely promise and solemnely declare before God and the World that I will be true and faithfull to King William and Queene Mary And I doe solemnly professe and Declare That I doe from my Heart Abhor Detest and Renounce as Impious and Hereticall that damnable Doctrine and Position That Princes Excommunicated or Deprived by the Pope or any Authority of the See of Rome may be Deposed or Murthered by their Subjects or any other whatsoever And I doe declare that no Forreigne [Prince Person*] Prelate State or Potentate hath or ought to have any Power Jurisdiction Superiority Preeminence or Authoritie Ecclesiasticall or Spiritual! within this Realme.

VII.

Proviso for Anabaptists.

VIII. Teacher exempt from Office.

IX.

Justice of Peace may tender the Oaths, &c.

First Refusal j Imprisonment, &c.

Second Refusal;

Taken to be a Popish Recusant Convict.

X.

Quakers making

Declaration of Fidelity, and subscribing Profession of Christian Belief, exempted from Penalties of the aforesaid Statutes, and also from the Penalties of

• or O.

* interlined on the Roll.

5 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1688.

5 Eliz. c. i. and

13 & 14 Car. II. c. v.

XL

How purged after Refusal of the Oaths.

Certificate of belonging to a Congregation, &c.

XII.

Until Certificate produced. Justices to take Recognizance to produce same.

XIII. Laws for Divine Service in force.

XIV. Papists, &c. excepted from Benefit of A&.

XV.

Disturbers of Religious Worship, Recognizance; or in Default, imprisoned; and on Conviction, Penalty £10.

XVI.

Place for Worship to be certified.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 18.

[And shall subscribe a Profession of their Christian Beliefe in these Words

j A B professe Faith in God the Father and in Jesus Christ his Etemall Sonne the true God and in the Holy

Spirit one God blessed for evermore And doe acknowledge the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testament to be given by Divine Inspiration,

Which Declarations and Subscription shall be made and entred of Record at the generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County City or place where every such person shall then reside ‘ ] And every such person that shall make and subscribe the two Declarations and Profession aforesaid being thereunto required shall be exempted from all the pains and penalties of all and every the aforementioned Statutes made against Popish Recusants or Protestant Nonconformists and alsoe from the penalties of an Act made in the fifth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth Intituled An Act for the Assurance of the Queenes Royall Power over all Estates and Subjects within her Dominions For or by reason of such persons not takeing or refuseing to take the Oath mentioned in the said Act And alsoe from the penalties of an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth yeares of the Raigne of King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for preventing Michiefes that may arise by certaine persons called Quakers refuseing to take lawfull Oaths And enjoy all other the Benefitts Priviledges and Advantages under the like Limitations Provisoes and Conditions which any other Dissenters shall or ought to enjoy by vertue of this Act

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That in case any person shall refuse to take the said Oaths when tendred to them which every Justice of the Peace is hereby impowred to doe such person shall not be admitted to make and subscribe the two Declarations aforesaid though required thereunto either before any Justice of the Peace or at the Generall or Quarter Sessions before or after any Conviction of Popish Recusancy as aforesaid unlesse such person can within thirty one dayes after such tender of the Declarations to him produce two sufficient Protestant Witnesses to testifie upon Oath that they believe him to be a Protestant Dissenter or a Certificate under the Hands of foure Protestants who are conformable to the Church of England or have taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration abovementioned and shall alsoe produce a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of six or more sufficient Men of the Congregation to which he belongs owning him for one of them

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That untill such Certificate under the Hands of six of his Congregation as aforesaid be produced and two Protestant Witnesses come to attest his being a Protestant Dissenter or a Certificate under the Hands of foure Protestants as aforesaid be produced the Justice of the Peace shall and hereby is required to take a Recognizance with two Sureties in the penall Summe of fifty pounds [to be levyed of his Goods and Chattells Lands and Tenements to the use of the King and Queens Majestyes their Heires and Successors1 ] for his produceing the same and if he cannot give such Security to committ him to prison there to remaine untill he has produced such Certificates or two Witnesses as aforesaid

Provided alwayes and it is the true intent and meaning of this Act That all the Laws made and provided for the frequenting of Divine Service on the Lords Day commonly called Sunday shall be still in force and executed against all persons that offend against the said Laws except such persons come to some Congregation or Assembly of Religious Worship allowed or permitted by this Act

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That neither this Act nor any Clause Article or Thing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give any ease benefitt or advantage to any Papist or Popish Recusant whatsoever or any person that shall deny in his Preaching or Writeing the Doctrine of the Blessed Trinity as it is declared in the aforesaid Articles of Religion

Provided alwayes, and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons at any time or times after the tenth day of June doe and shall willingly and of purpose maliciously or contemptuously come into any Cathedrall or Parish Church Chapell or other Congregation permitted by this Act and disquiet or disturbe the same or misuse any Preacher or Teacher such person or persons upon proofe thereof before any Justice of Peace by two or more sufficient Witnesses shall finde two Sureties to be bound by Recognizance in the penall Summe of fifty pounds and in default of such Sureties shall be committed to prison there to remaine till the next Generall or Quarter Sessions and upon conviction of the said offence at the said Generall or Quarter Sessions shall suffer the paine and penalty of twenty pounds [to the use of the King and Queens Majesties their Heirs and Successors1 ]

Provided alwayes That noe Congregation or Assembly for Religious Worship shall be permitted or allowed by this Act untill the place of such Meeting shall be certified to the Bishop of the Diocesse or to the Arch-Deacon of that Archdeaconry [or to the Justices of the Peace at the Generall or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County City or Place1 ] in which such Meeting shall be held and registred in the said Bishops or Archdeacons Court respectively or recorded at the said Generall or Quarter Sessions The Register or Clerke of the Peace whereof respectively is hereby required to register the same and to give Certificate thereof to such person as shall demand the same for which there shall be none greater Fee nor Reward taken then the Summe of six pence.

' annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

77

1° Gul. Sc Mar. c. 19, 20.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Act for Impowering Their Majestyes to Committ without Baile such Persons as They shall finde Just Cause

to suspect are Conspireing against the Government.

FOR the Secureing the Peace of the Kingdome in this time of Imminent Danger against the Attempts and Traytcrous Conspiracies of evill disposed Persons Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That every person or persons that shall be in Prison at or upon the Five and twentyeth day of May in the yeare of Our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and nine or after by Warrant of Their said Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Signed by Six of the said Privy Councill at least for Suspition of High Treason or Treasonable Practices may be detained in safe Custodie without Baile or Mainprize untill the Three and twentyeth day of October in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and nine And that noe Judge or Justice or Court of Justice or other person shall Baile or Try any such person or persons soe Committed or in Prison as aforesaid without Order from Their said Majesties Privy Councill Signed by Six of the said Privy Councill at least till the said Three and twentyeth day of October Any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding Provided alwayes That from and after the said Three and twentieth day of October the said persons soe Committed or in Prison as aforesaid shall have the Benefitt and Advantage of an Act made in the One and thirtyeth Yeare of King Charles the Second Intituled An Act for the better Secureing the Liberty of the Subject and for Prevention of Imprisonment beyond the Seas And alsoe of all other Laws and Statutes any way relateing to or provideing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realme And that this present Act shall continue untill the said Three and twentyeth day of October and noe longer.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to the prejudice of the ancient Rights and Priviledges of Parliament.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That a true Copy of every Warrant or Order for such Committment as aforesaid shall be fairly Entred and kept by the Clerks of the Privy Councill respectively in a Booke for that purpose onely and shall be Signed by such of the said Councill as shall grant such Warrant or Order of Commitment And that noe Warrant or Order of which such Copy is not soe Entred and Signed and kept shall be deemed or taken or adjudged to be a Warrant or Order by vertue of or in pursuance of this Act or to be allowed of or justified thereby.

Rot. Pari pt. 5. nu. 16.

Persons in Prison on 25th May 1689, or after, by Warrant of Privy Council, on Suspicion of Treason, may be detained without Bail as herein mentioned.

Proviso for Benefit of 31.Car. II c.3. and all other Laws for the Liberty of the Subject.

II.

Proviso for Privileges of Parliament.

III.

True Copy of Warrant for Commitment entered and kept by Clerk of the Council and signed by such of the Council as granted the Warrant.

CHAPTER XX.

An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Ayde of Twelve pence in the Pound for One Yeare for the necessary

Defence of Their Realmes.

WEE Your Majestyes most Dutifull and Loyall Subjects the Commons Assembled in Parlyament haveing entred into a serious Consideration of the extraordinary Occasions which engage Your Majestyes in a great and present Expence for the necessary Defence of Your Realmes and being desireous to raise proportionable Aides and Supplies doe humbly Present Your Majesties with the Free Gift of the Rates and Assesments herein after mentioned And beseech Your Majestyes that it may be Enacted And bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That Their Majestyes shall have and receive the Rates and Assesments hereafter mentioned of and from every Person Spirituall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree soever he or they be Which said Rates or Assesments shall be Taxed Assessed Levyed and Paid into Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer according to the Tenor of this AS. and in manner and forme following (that is to say) That all and every Person and Persons Bodies Poliricke and Corporate Guilds and Fraternities within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwickc upon Tweede haveing any Estate in Goods Wares Merchandizes or other Chattells or Personall Estate whatsoever either in their owne Possession or in the possession of others in trust for them (except and out of the Premisses deduced such Summes of Money as he or they doe bona fide owe and alsoe the Stocke upon Lands and such Goods as are used for Houshold stuffe) shall yield and pay unto Their Majestyes Twelve pence in the Pound according to the [[true1] yearly Profitt thereof for one Yeare to be Assessed Levyed and Collected in manner herein after mentioned (that is to say) For every Hundred pounds worth of such Goods Wares Merchandizes or other Chattells or Personall Estate the Summe of Six shillings and soe after that rate for every greater or lesser quantity

And bee it further Enadfcd by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons Commissioner and Commissioners haveing useing or exerciseing any Office or Imployment of Profitt (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muster or Pay in Their Majestyes Army or Navy onely excepted) shall yield and pay unto Their Majestyes the Summe of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive in one yeare by vertue of any Fees or Profitts ^accruing to him or them *] by reason or occasion of their severall Offices or Imployments to be Assessed Imposed Levyed and Collected in such manner as hereinafter is mentioned

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. nu. I.

Grant of Rate* on Personal Estate* (after Payment of Debts, See.) 12d. in the Pound according to the yearly Profit thereof; viz. 6s. for every jtion. worth of such Estate, and so in Proportion.

II.

lid. for every 20s. on Offices.

X

interlined on the Roll.

* to him or them accrewing O.

1° Gul. <Sc Mar. c. 20.

A.D. 1688.

in.

12d. for every 20s. for Rents of Lands, Mines, Tythes, &c.

the like on Lands of Corporations, &c.

to be estimated at a Rack Rent;

by Two equal Pa vments, the First to be made on I st Dec. 1689.

IV.

Recital that many of such Lands, Mines, Tythes, &rc. may be incumbered.

Landlords, &c. of such Lands, &c. may retain 12d. in the Pound out of such Charges.

Bodies Politic being indebted allowed after the Rate of 12d. in the Pound out of the Interest to grow due on such Debt by their Creditors, notwithstanding any Agreement to the contrary.

And all Incumbrancers to allow such Deductions; and the Tenants indemnified from any further Payment of the 12d.

V.

Their Majesties to appoint Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

Qualification.

Commissioners to meet on or before

Sept. 3, 1689.

Commissioners to diridw* themselves.

And to the end a further Aide and Supply for their Majesties Occasions may be raised by a Charge upon all Lands Tenements and Hereditaments with as much Equality and Indifterency as is possible by a Pound Rate of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings of the true yearely value for One yeare onely and noe longer Bee it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That all and every the Mannours Messuages Lands and Tenements as well Freehold as Copyhold as alsoe all Quarries all and every the Mines of Coale Tinn or Lead and all Iron Works and Salt Works all Allom Mines or Works all Parks Chases Warrens Woods Underwoods and Copices Fishings Tythes Tolls and all other yearely Profitts and Hereditaments of what nature or kinde soever they be situate lying and being happening and ariseing within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or within any the Countyes Cities Burroughs Townes Divisions Rideings Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and Places thereof as well within ancient Demeasne and other Liberties and Priviledged Places as without shall be and are hereby charged for One yeare onely and noe longer with the Summe of Twelve pence for ever)' Twenty shillings of the true yearely value And all and every Person and Persons Bodies Politick and Corporate Guilds Misteries Fraternities and Brotherhoods whether Corporate or not Corporate haveing or holding in his her or their actuall possession any Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements or other the Hereditaments or Premisses shall yield and pay unto Their Majesties the Summe of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings by the yeare which the said Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and other the Premisses are now worth to be Leased if the same were truely and bona fide Leased or Demised at a racke-Rent and according to the full true yearely value thereof without any respe# had to the present Rents reserved for the same if such Rents have beene reserved upon such Leases or Estates made for which any Fine or Income hath beene paid or secured and without any respe# had to any [former1] Rates or Taxes thereupon imposed Which said Summe of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings by the yeare of the said true yearely value of the Premisses shall be Assessed Levyed and Collected in manner hereafter mentioned and shall be paid into the Receipt of their Majestyes Exchequer by two equall Payments the first Payment thereof to beginne and to be made upon the First day of December which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand Six hundred eighty and nine And whereas many of the Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Tythes Hereditaments or Premisses intended by this Act to be Charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid stand incumbred with or are subject and lyable to the payment of severall Rent Charges or Annuities issueing out of the same or to the payment of diverse Fee-farme Rents Rents-Service or other Rents thereupon reserved by reason whereof the true Owners and Proprietors of such Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses doe not in truth receive to their owne use the full yearely value of the same for which neverthelesse they are by this Act Charged to pay the full Pound Rate of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings of the true yearely value It is therefore Declared and Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Landlords Owners and Proprietors of such Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses as are Charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid to abate and dedu# and to retaine and keepe in his or their Hands Twelve pence in the Pound out of every Fee farme Rent and other Annuall Rent or Payment Charged upon or issueing out of the Premisses or any part thereof or thereupon reserved And all and every Person or Persons Bodies Politicke or Corporate being indebted in any Sumine or Summes of Money upon Contract for Interest shall for the better enabling them to pay and beare the Rates and Charges herein before respectively Imposed upon them be allowed by vertue of this Act after the Rate of Twelve pence in the Pound out of all such Interest Money which shall be paid and grow due for any time betweene the Thirtyeth day of November One thousand six hundred eighty nine and the Thirtyeth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety by his or their respective Creditor or Creditors out of the Debts soe by them oweing as aforesaid and may and are hereby enabled to deduCt retaine and discount the same Any Contract or Agreement Mortgage Bond Condition Provision or other Assurance to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding And all and every person and persons who are or shall be any way Intituled to such Rents and Annuall Payments are hereby required to allow such Dedu#ions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of such Moneys as shall be due and payable to them as aforesaid And all Tennants are hereby saved harmlesse from any further payment of the Twelve pence in the Pound soe dedu#ed as fully and amply as if the same had beene paid into his Majestyes Exchequer or to such Creditor or other Person to whome the same would otherwise have become due and payable

And bee it further Ena#ed by the Authoride aforesaid That for the better Assessing Ordering Levying and Collecting of the severall Summes of Money soe as aforesaid Unfitted and appointed to be paid and for the more effectuall putting of this present Act in execution it shall and may be lawfull for their Majesties to issue out or cause to be issued out under the Great Seale of England such and soe many Commissions as their Majestyes shall thinke fitt and therein and thereby to nominate constitute and appoint such and soe many Persons being Resident and haveing reall Estates to the value of One hundred pounds a yeare in the respective Counties or Shires for

which they shall be soe Nominated to be Commissioners for putting this present Act in Execution and alsoe soe

many of them to be of a Quorum as their Majestyes shall thinke convenient for the Execution of this Act Which said Commissioners soe as aforesaid to be nominated and appointed shall in the respective Counties Cityes Borroughes Divisions Townes and Places for which they shall be appointed Commissioners respectively meete together at the most usuall or common Place of meeting within each of the said Counties Cities Burroughs Divisions Townes and Places respectively at or before the Third day of September which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine or such other Day as their Majestyes by their Commission

shall appoint And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the first Generali Meeting

or the major part of them may by their Consents and Agrements divide as well themselves as other the Commissioners not then present for the Execution of this Act in Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Wards

' interlined on the Roll.

]° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

T9

Townes and other Places within their Limitts Priviledged or not Priviledged in such manner and forme as to them shall seeme expedient and shall direct their severall or joynt Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants High Constables Petty Constables Bayliffes and other like Officers and Ministers and such Number of them as they in their Discretions shall thinke most convenient requireing them to appeare before the said Comissioners at such Place and Time not exceeding Ten dayes as they shall appoint And at such their Appearances the said Commissioners shall openly read or cause to be read unto them the Rates and Assessments in this Act mentioned and alsoe openly declare the Effect of their Charge to them and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates and how they ought to proceede in the Execution of this Act according to the Rates aforesaid And if any High Constables Petty Constables Bayliffes Inhabitants or other Officers or Ministers to whome any Precept shall be directed shall absent themselves without lawfull Excuse to be made out by the Oaths of two Credible Witnesses or if any Person appearing shall refuse to serve then every such Person soe makeing default or refuseing to serve shall for every time of such default or refusall forfeite and lose unto their Majesties such Summe as the Commissioners or the major part of them being present shall thinke fitt not exceeding the Summe of Forty shillings And at or after such generall Meeting had and Charge given as aforesaid the said Comissioners shall take [care1] that Warrants be issued forth and directed to Two at the least of the most able and sufficient Inhabitants of each Parish Township or Place within their respective Divisions thereby appointing and requireing them to be Assessors of all and every the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed and shall therein alsoe appoint and prefix a certaine Day and Place for the said Assessors to appeare before them and to bring in their Certificates in Writeing of the Names and Sirnames of every Person dwelling and residcing within the Eimitts of those Places with which they shall be charged and of the Substances and Values of every of them in Goods C.hattells or other Personall Estate (Stocke upon Land and Goods used for Iloushold stuffe excepted) or in Offices or Imployments of Profit And the said Assessors are therein alsoe to be required and are hereby injoyned to ascertaine and informe themselves by all law'full wayes and meanes they can of the true and full Rate and Valuation of the true yearely Rents and Profits of all Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements as alsoe all Quarries Mines of Coale Tynn or Lead all Iron works and Salt works Allom Mines or Works Parks Chases Warrens Woods Underwoods and Coppices Fishings Tythes Tolls and other Hereditaments of what nature or kinde soever situate lying and being happening and ariseing within the Limitts of those places with w'hich they shall be charged And being soe thereof ascertained they are to Assesse all and every the said Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements and Premisses before appointed to be charged after the rate of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings of the true yearely value as the same are Lett for or are Worth to be Lett at the time of the Assessing thereof as aforesaid and to bring with them at the time and place soe as aforesaid prefixed for their Appearance a Certificate in w'riteing of the said Assessment and shall then alsoe returne the Names of two or more able and sufficient persons liveing writhin the Limitts and Bounds of those Parishes Towneshipps Constablewicks or Places wdiere they shall be chargeable respectively to be Collectors of the Moneys to be paid to Their Majesties by this Act For whose paying in to the head Collectors in manner hereafter mentioned such Moneys as they shall be charged withall the Parish or Place wherein they are soe Imployed shall be answerable And if any Assessors soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall neglect or refuse to serve or shall make default at the time appointed for his appearance (not haveing a lawfull excuse to be witnessed by the Oathes of two credible Witnesses which Oath the said Commissioners or any two of them have power to administer) every such Assessor shall for every such neglect refuseall or default forfeite and lose unto Their Majesties such Summe as the Commissioners shall thinke fitt not exceeding the Summe of Ten Pounds And every Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall before he take upon him the Execution of the said Imployment take an Oath to be Administred in these words following

shall Sweare Well and Truely to Execute the duty of an Assessor and to cause the Rates and Duties Imposed by an Act Intituled An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aide of Twelve pence in the Pound for One Yeare for the necessary Defence of Their Realmes to be Duely and Impartially Assessed according to the best of your Skill and Knowledge and therein you shall Spare noe Person for Favour or Affection Nor any Person Grieve for Hatred or 111 Will Soe helpe you God.

Which Oath any two Commissioners in the County where the said Assessment is to be made have hereby power and are required to Administer

And bee it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid That the Rates and Assessments upon all Goods Chattells Personall Estate Offices and Publique Places and Imployments charged by this Act shall be ascertained and the Certificates thereof returned to the Commissioners upon or before the Twelfth day of October One thousand six hundred eighty nine unlesse the Commissioners shall thinke fitt to give further time And alsoe the Taxations and Assessments of the Pound Rate of Twelve pence in the Pound for every Twenty shillings of the yearely value of all Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses charged by this Act shall be made and ascertained and the severall [and respective1] Certificates thereof returned in to the Commissioners upon or before the Twelfth day of October aforesaid unlesse the Commissioners shall thinke fitt to give further time And the said Assessors are hereby required to give one Copy of their Certificates or Assessments fairely written and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners by w'home they were appointed and the said Comissioners or any twro or more of them are hereby ordered and required to cause the said severall and respective Assesments to them delivered (if by them approved of) to be fairely written and to Signe and Seale severall Duplicates or Copies of the said Assesments and one of them soe Signed and Sealed forthwith to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the Subcolleftors And shall likewise deliver or cause to be delivered other Copies thereof soe Signed and Sealed unto the Head Collectors and Receivers Generall according to their severall and respective Collections and Receipts And moreover the

Commissione rs to direct Precepts to a certain Number of Inhabitants, &c. to appear before them, and on their Appearance Commissioners to openly read the Rates, and instruft them how to act in Execution of this Statute.

Officers absenting themselves unduly, on Proof on Oath, or Persons appearing refusing to serve.

Penalty.

Commissioners to appoint Assessors;

and to appoint a Day for Assessors to bring in their Certificates;

and to enjoin Assessors to inform themselves of the Value of Property of Persons charged;

and then to assess all such Persons according to Act

and to bring with them at the Day prefixed for their Appearance, their Certificates and Returns of Persons to be Collectors.

Parish, &c. answerable for Collectors paying into Head Collectors.

Assessors making Default.

Penalty.

Oath by Assessor.

Commissioners to administer the said Oath.

VI.

Rates to be ascertained, and Certificates returned to Commiss'oners, on or before Oct. 12, 1689.

Commissioners may give further Time. Assessors to give Copy of

Certificates, See. to the Commissioners, and the

Commissioners or Two of them, if they approve, to sign and seal Duplicates, and deliver the same to Receiver General, &c.

interlined on the Roll.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.20.

A.D. 1688.

And also certify a true Copy of the Sums assessed to the Exchequer, under Hand and Seal, on or before Nov. 25, or within 30 Days after.

Duty of the King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer thereon.

VII.

Commissioners to issue their Estreats to the Subcolle&ors to levy Assessments.

Subcolle&ors thereupon to demand Assessments within Six Days, and to pay the same to the Head Collectors.

Head Collectors to hasten Subcolle&ors in their Payments, and to distrain on them if necessary. Head Collector to make Payment to Receiver General on 30th Nov. or within ao Days after.

Receiver General to hasten Head Collectors.

Rates to be paid into the Exchequer on Dec. 1, or within 30 Days after. Subcolle&ors to levy a Moiety of Rate on Lands, &c. and to pay same to Head Collectors before Nov. 7, or within ao Days after

otherwise Distress.

First Payment of this Found Rate to be made by the 1st of Dec. or within 30 Days after.

Like Proceedings as to the remaining Moiety of the said Pound Rate.

Second Payment of the said Pound Rate to be made by the 1 st of March, or within 30 Days after.

VIII.

Monies received by Subcolle&ors to be from Time to Time paid to Head Collectors.

Commissioners shall cause a true Copy or Extra# of the whole Summes Assessed and Charged within every hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place Rated or Assessed in pursuance of this Act and of the whole Summes Rated or Assessed upon Personall Estates Offices or Imployments to be Certifyed and Transmitted into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the Commissioners but without nameing the Persons in such their Certificates And this the said Commissioners shall cause to be done upon or before the Twenty fifth day of November then next ensueing or within Thirty dayes after all Appeales to them made being first determined And the Kings Remembrancer in the Exchequer for the time being shall and is hereby required within Three months after the Duplicates of the last Payment shall be Transmitted to him to Transcribe all the Schedules and Duplicates of the Summes Returned to him from and for every respective County Rideing City and Towne and every Hundred Wapentake Parish Division Towne and Place therein in a Booke of Parchment in Alphabetical! Order and in a faire Legible Hand writeing and within Three months after the same shall be soe by him Received shall Transmitt all and every the same Schedules and Duplicates to the Office of the Writer of the Tallies commonly called the Auditors of the Receipt of the Exchequer wffio is hereby likewise Authorized and Required to Enter the same in the like Alphabeticall Order in another Booke of Parchment fairely written to be provided for that purpose

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Commissioners or any two or more of them shall issue out their Warrants or Estreats to the Subcolle&ors under their Hands and Seales thereby requireing them to Levy and Collect all and every the Assessments and all the Moneys and Rates due thereupon according to the Duplicate thereof by them received and according to the intent and subsequent Directions of this present Act Which said Subcolle&ors are hereby Required to demand all and every the Rates and Assessments herein mentioned which are laid upon Persons in respect of their Goods or Offices and to make such Demands of the Parties themselves within Six dayes after the Receipt of such Warrant and to Levy and Pay in the same upon or before the Seventh day of November in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine or within Twenty dayes after at such Place as the Commissioners shall appoint unto their respective Head Collectors who are hereby required to call upon and hasten their Subcolle&ors to the said Payment And at or upon the Fourteenth day of November then next ensueing or within Twenty dayes after to Levy by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any Two or more of the said Commissioners by Distresse upon the Subcolle&ors respectively such Summe and Summes of Money as by him or them ought to have beene paid and is or are not paid by reason of his failure in doeing his Duty according to the Directions of this Act soe as every Head Collector may make Payment unto the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place the full Summes by him to be paid on the Thirtyeth day of November aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors and to pay what he shall soe receive from the said Head Collectors into their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the First day of December aforesaid or within Thirty dayes after to the end that all and every the Rates and Assessments which by this Act are imposed upon any Person or Persons in respect of [his or'] their Goods and Chattells or Offices or Imployments may be speedily brought into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer and there paid in upon or before the said First day of December or within Thirty dayes after at one entire Payment And the said Subcolle&ors are alsoe required and injoyned to Levy one Moyety of the Pound Rate charged upon all Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses as aforesaid within Six dayes after the Receipt of such Warrants and to pay the same unto their respective Head Collectors on or before the Seventh day of November aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Head Collectors are to hasten the said Subcolle&ors And in case the same shall not be Collected by reason of the neglect or failure of Duty in the said Subcolle&ors the said Head Collectors are to proceede against [them1] by Distresse in like manner and by like Warrant as aforesaid And every Head Collector is hereby required to make payment of w'hat shall be soe levyed or received unto the [Reverall*] Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Thirtyeth day of November aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors and to pay what he shall receive from the said Head Collectors unto their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the First day of December aforesaid or within Thirty dayes after to the end that the first Payment of the said Pound Rate of Twelve pence in every Twenty shillings yearely may by that time be fully answered and paid in to their Majesties And the Subcolle&ors shall alsoe Levy the other Moyety of the said Pound Rate charged as aforesaid upon or before the Seventh day of February then next ensueing or within Twenty dayes after and shall alsoe pay the same unto the said Head Collectors upon or before the Fourteenth day of February aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said [Head1] Collectors shall make payment thereof to the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Twenty eighth day of February aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Receiver Generali is alsoe required to make payment of all which he shall soe receive into their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the First day of March then next ensueing or within Thirty dayes after to the end that the second Payment of the said Pound Rate soe charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully answered and paid in to their Majesties And all Commissioners Collectors and Receivers are hereby Required and Enjoyned to apply themselves with all Diligence to the most speedy and effectuall Execution of their severall and respective Duties that soe their Majesties Service herein may not be delayed or hindred through any of their wilfull Neglect or Default

And it is further Enacted and Declared by the Authority aforesaid That the Moneys Received by the Subcolle&ors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be ducly paid to the Head Collector whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Subcolle&or which Subcolle&or for Gathering the said particular Summs shall retaine in his Hands for every Twenty shillings by him soe paid Three pence as a Reward

• interlined on the Roll. 2 Receivor O.

81

for his Paines and Service And the Head Collector shall accordingly pay over the said Moneys unto the Receiver Generali of each County City or Place respectively in manner aforesaid which Head Collector or Collectors shall be nominated and appointed by the Receivers Generali of the respective Countyes which said Receivers Generali shall be answerable for all such Sums of Money as shall be by him or them Collected or Received And that

noe Subcolle&or shall be enforced to travell above the space of Ten miles for the payment of the said Moneys

that shall be by him Collected or Received And the said Receiver Generalls Acquittance shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Head Collector who shall retaine in his Hands for every Twenty shillings soe by him paid One peny as a Reward for his Pains and Service And the Receiver Generali shall pay the whole Sums by him Received into the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer in such Manner and at or before such Dayes and Times as are herein before limitted and shall have an Allowance of Two pence in the pound for all Moneys which shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer upon or before the time prefixed in this Act

And for the carefull Writeing and Transcribeing the said Warrants Estreats and Duplicates in due time it is

further Enacted That the Commissioners Clerks who shall respectively performe the same shall by Warrant under two or more of the Commissioners Hands have and receive from the respective Head Collectors One peny in the Pound of all such Moneys as he or they shall have received by vertue of such Warrants and Estreats who are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly And if any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay the severall Rates and Assessments wherewith he is Charged by this Act for or in respect of his Goods Chattells Personall Estate Offices or Employments and which he ought to pay [and ']] if the Pound Rate or any Payment thereof soe as aforesaid charged upon any Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses shall be neglected or refused to be paid Then upon Demand made by the Officer or Collector of the Place according to the Precept or Estreat to him delivered by the said Commissioners it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Officer or Collector and they are hereby required for nonpayment thereof to Distraine the Person or Persons soe refuseing or neglecting to pay by his or their Goods or Chattells or to Distraine in and upon the Messuages Lands and Tenements soe Charged and the Goods and Chattells then and there found and the Distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of Foure dayes at the Costs and Charges of the Owner thereof And if the said Owner doe not pay the Summe of Money due by this Act within the said Foure dayes Then the said Distresse to be Appraized by two or three of the Inhabitants where the said Distresse is taken and there to be sold by the said Officer or Collector for the payment of the said Money and the Overplus comeing by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the Charges of takeing and keeping the Distresse to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof And moreover it shall be lawfull to brcake open in the day time any House and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the said Commissioners any Chest Trunke [or1] Box or other things where [the said Goods are and call to their Assistance the Constables Tythingmen or Headburroughs within the Counties Townes or Places where any Refusall Neglect or Resistance shall be made which said Officers are hereby required to be Aiding and Assisting in the Premisses

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That where any Person or Persons chargable with any

Rates or Assessments by this Act imposed shall be under the Age of One and twenty Yeares there and in every

such Case the Parents Guardians or Tutors of such Infants respectively upon default of Payment by such Infants shall be and are hereby made lyable to and chargeable with the Payments which such Infants ought to have made And if such Parents or Guardians or Tutors shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid it shall and may be lawfull to proceede against them in like manner as against other Person or Persons makeing default of Payment as herein before appointed And all Parents Guardians or Tutors makeing Payment as aforesaid shall be allowed all and every

the Summes soe paid for such Infants upon his and their Accompt And the severall and respective Tennants of all

and every the Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses which by vertue of this Act shall be charged with any Pound Rate as aforesaid are hereby Required and Authorized to pay such Summe [and 4] Summes of Money as shall be rated upon such Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses and to dedu& out of the Rents soe much of the said Rates as in respect of the said Rents payable for such Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Premisses the Landlord should and ought to beare And all Landlords both mediate and immediate according to their respective Interests are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon receipt of the Residue of the Rents And every Tennant paying the said Assessment of the Pound Rate shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged for soe much Money as the said Assesment shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually paid unto such Person or Persons unto whome his Rent should have beene due and payable

And bee it further Enacted That every Person Rated or Assessed for his Office or Employment shall be Rated and pay for his said Office and Employment in the County City or Place where such Office or Employment is executed And every Person who [is or *] shall be Rated for or in respect of any Personall Estate to him any way belonging shall be Rated and the Summe or Summes on him or her sett shall be Levyed at such Places where he or she with his or her Family shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Act And all Persons not being Housholders nor haveing a certaine Place of Residence shall be Taxed at the Place where they are resident at the time of the Execution of this Act And if any Person who ought to be Taxed by vertue of this Act shall at the time of his Assessment for or in respect of his ready Moneys or Personall Estate be out of the Realme such Person shall be Rated therefore in such County City or Place where he was last abideing within the Realme And every Person who shall be Rated or Assessed for or in respect of any Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments or other the Premisses according to the Pound Rate of Twelve pence in every Twenty shillings yearely as aforesaid shall be Rated and Assessed in the Place where such Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses respectively doe lye and not elsewhere

Allowance to Subcolle&or.

Head Collectors to pay over to Receiver General. Head Collector nominated by the Receiver General. Receiver General how far answerable. How far Subcollector to travel in Collection. Receiver General's Acquittance a Discharge to Head Collector.

Allowance to Head Collector. Receiver General to pay info the Exchequer. Allowance to Receiver General.

IX. Allowance to the Clerks of Commissioners for transcribing Warrants, See. Persons refusing to pay the Rates on Demand.

Distress.

To be kept Four Days; and if Rate not then paid. Distress to be sold for Payment of Rate, and Overplus to the Owner.

House may be broken open in the Daytime upon Warrant under Hands and Seals of 'I'wo Commissioners. Proceedings thereon.

X.

When Irfants chargeable, Parents, Guardians, &c. chargeable.

Parents, &c. refusing to pay, Process as against other Persons makin Default. Parents, &c. allowed such Payments in their Accounts. Tenants paying Rates, may dedu& same out of their Rent.

Landlords to allow such Deductions.

Tenant hereby acquitted for Payment of Rate by them.

XI.

Persons rated for Offices, to pay where Office executed.

Other Persons to pay for Personal Estate where they reside.

Absentees to be rated where last abiding.

Persons rated for Lands, See. to be rated where the Lands, &c. lie.

or 0.

5 interlined on the Roll.

* *uch O.

* or O.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

A.D. 1688.

XIL.

Remedy for Persons having several Mansion Houses, being doubly charged for Personal Estate.

Persons unduly escaping Taxation;

on Proof thereof before

Commissioners, or any Two Justices of Peace of the County, taxed at double Value.

XIII.

The Power of Commissioners to tax other Commissioners;

and also to tax the Assessors.

Such Assessments to be estreated and gathered as in other Cases.

XIV.

Shares in the New River, Thames Water Works, Hyde Park, and Marvbone Waters, and Shares in the King's Printing House, how taxed.

Companies of Merchants in London to be assessed by Commissioners nominated for the said City.

Assessments of all the aforesaid Properties to be paid by the Governors and Treasurers of the said Companies, Water Works, and King's Printing House, and to be deducted out of their next Dividends.

XV.

Rates payable by Peers to be received by a Collector nominated by the Peers.

Duty of such Collector.

Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey, and for Inhabitants of Ireland who have fled into this Kingdom since Nov. 5, 1688. Persons grieved by Assessment may appeal.

Commissioners may ou Appeal examine Persons upon Oath-and may abate or increase Assessment. Commissioners to meet for hearing Appeals.

Provided alwayes That if any Person or Persons haveing severall Mansion Houses or Places of Residence shall be doubly charged by vertue of this Act for or in respect of his or their Personall Estate Then upon Certificate made by two or more of the Commissioners for the County City or Place (which Certificate the said Commissioners are required to give without Delay Fee or Reward) of his or their last Personall Residence under their Hands and Seals of the Summe or Summes charged upon him or them and in what Capacity or Respe& he or they were soe charged and upon Oath made of such Certificate before the Commissioners to whome such Certificate shall be tendred (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to administer) Then the Person and Persons soe doubly charged shall for soe much as shall be soe certified be Discharged in every other County City or Place And if any Person that ought to be Taxed by vertue of this Act for or in respect of his Personall Estate shall by changing his Place of Residence or by any other Fraud or Covin escape from the Taxation and not be Taxed and the same be proved before the Commissioners or any two of them or before any two Justices of the Peace of the County where such Person dweleth or resideth at any time within Six months next ensueing after such Tax made every Person that shall soe escape from the Taxation and Payment shall be charged upon Proofe thereof at double the value of soe much as he should or ought to have beene Taxed at by this Act The said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners or Justices before whome such Proofe shall be made to be Levied of the Goods Lands and Tenements of such Persons towards the Supply aforesaid

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Commissioners that shall be within any County, City or Place within their respective Limitts or the major part of them shall Rate Tax and Assesse every other Commissioner joyned with them for and in respect of the Goods Chattells and Personal Estate whereof such Commissioner shall be possessed And alsoe for and in respect of the Offices and Employments of Profit which at the time of such Taxation shall be held and enjoyed by such Commissioner soe as the Residence and usuall Dwcling place of such Commissioner soe to be Taxed be within the Division of such Commissioners by w'home he is Taxed and soe as the Office or Employment held and enjoyed by such Commissioner soe to be Taxed be likewise to be exercised within the Division or Limitts of such Commissioners by whome he is to be Taxed And the Commissioners within their Division shall alsoe Assesse every Assessor within their Division who shall be possessed of any Goods and Chattells or other Personall Estate for which by this Act he ought to be Rated and Assessed And as well all Summes upon every the said Commissioners and Assessors as the Assessments made and sett by the Assessors aforesaid shall be Written Estreated Levyed and Gathered as it should and ought to (') have beene if the said Commissioners had not beene named Comissioners

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons haveing any Share or Shares or Interest in the fresh Streame of Running water brought to the North parts of London commonly called the New River or in the Thames Water-works or in the Hyde Parke or Mary-bone Waters or any Rents or Profits ariseing thereby And all Person and Persons haveing any Share or Interest in the Stocke or Stocks for Printing of Bookes in or belonging to the House commonly called the Kings Printing house shall pay for the same the Summe of One shilling for every Twenty shillings of the cleare Yearely Value thereof And that all Companies of Merchants in London charged by this Act shall be Assessed by the Commissioners to be nominated and appointed for the said City or any Three of them for their respective joynt Stock and Stocks And all and every Person and Persons haveing any Share or Shares or Interest in the New River Water brought to the North parts of London or in the Thames Water Works or the Hyde Parke or Marybone [Waters2] or any Rents or Profits ariseing thereby charged by this Act And alsoe the said Stocke and Shares for Printing as aforesaid shall be Assessed for the same in like manner by the said Commissioners or any Three of them after the Rates herein contained And the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint by the Governours and Treasurers of the said respective Companies and by the Treasurers of the said River Water and Water Works and Stock for Printing and be deduded at and out of their next Dividends

Provided alwayes and it is hereby Declared That the severall Rates and Taxes to which the Lords and Peeres of this Realme shall be lyable by vertue of this Act for or in respect of their Personall Estates and Offices shall be received by a Collector to be nominated by the Peeres which said Collector shall cause the same to be paid into Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster upon or before the First day of December in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine or within Thirty dayes after Provided alsoe That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guernsey for or concerning any such Personall Estate aforesaid which they or any to their use have within the Places aforesaid or to any who haveing beene Inhabitants of Ireland and have fled into this Kingdome since the Fifth day of November One thousand six hundred eighty eight for or concerning any Personall Estate which they or any to their use have in this Kingdome of England or in the said Kingdome of Ireland And if any Person or Persons Certifyed Assessed or Rated for or in respect o'f any Reall [or Personall Estate*] or for or in respect of any Matter or Thing for which by this Act he or they may be Rated or Charged doe finde him or themselves agrieved with such Assessing or Rateing and doe within Ten dayes after Demand thereof made complaine to the Commissioners [the said Comissioners2] or any two or more of them (whereof one of the Commissioners who Signed or Allowed his or their Rate to be one) shall and may within Fourteene dayes (3) after such Complaint particularly Examine any Person or Persons upon his or their Oath (other then the Party complaining) touching the value of his or their Reall or Personall Estate and other the Matters aforesaid and upon due Examination or knowledge thereof abate defalk increase or inlarge the said Assessment And the same soe abated increased or inlarged shall be Certified or Estreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid And to that end the said Commissioners are hereby required to meete together for the determining of such Complaints and Appeales accordingly

‘ be 0.

1 interlined on the Roll.

' next O.

83

And it is farther Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Assessor Collector Receiver or other Person appointed by the Commissioners shall wilfully negle£l or refuse to performe his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this Act the said respective Comissioners or any three or more of them may and shall by vertue of this Act Impose on such Person and Persons soe refuseing or neglecting their Duties any Fine not exceeding the Summe of Five pounds for any one Offence the same to be Levyed and Certifyed as aforesaid into Ilis Majestyes Court of Exchequer and Charged upon the respective Receiver Generali amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid And the said Commissioners or any two or more of them may or shall from time to time call for and require an Accompt from the respective Receiver Generali of all the Moneys received by him of the said Head Collectors and of the payment thereof into His Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer according to the Direction of this Act And in case of any failure in the Premisses the said Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby required to

cause the same to be forthwith Levyed and Paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And in

case of any Controversie ariseing betweene the said Commissioners concerning any Rates or Assessments to be laid by vertue of this Act the Commissioners that shall be concerned therein shall have noe Voice but shall withdraw dureing the Debate of such Controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners And all Questions and Differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assessments or Levyes shall be heard and finally determined by two or more of the Commissioners upon Complaint thereof to them made by any Person or

Persons thereby grieved without further Trouble or Suite in Law And the said Receivers Generali shall give

Acquittances gratis to the said Head Collectors for all Moneys of them recieved And the said Head Collectors shall alsoe give Acquittances gratis to the Subcolledlors for all such Moneys as shall be paid by them in pursuance of this Act And the said Subcollectors shall make and deliver to the said Head Collectors a perfect Schedule fairly written in Parchment under their Hands and Seales Signed and Allowed by any two or more of the respective Commissioners containing the Names Sirnames and Places of abode of every Person within their respective Collection that shall make default of payment of any of the Summs that shall be Rated or Assessed on such Person by vertue of this Act where noe sufficient Distresse is to be found and not otherwise and the Summe and Sums charged on every such Person The same Schedule to be delivered by the Head Collector to the Receiver Generali of the County City or Place respectively to be by him Returned into their Majesties Court of Exchequer whereupon every Person soe makeing default of payment may be charged by Processe of the Court according to the course of the Court of Exchequer in such Cases

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Letters Patents granted by their Majestyes or any of their Roy all Progenitors to any Person or Persons Cities Burroughs or Townes Corporate within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Fxemptions from Subsidies Tolls Taxes Assessments or Aides shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Persons City Burrough or Towne Corporate or any the Inhabitants

of the same from the Burthen and Charge of any Summe or Summs of Money granted by this Act But that

all and every such Person and Persons City Burrough and Towne Corporate shall pay their Proportion of all Rates and Assessments by this present Act imposed (any such Letters Patents Grants or Charters or any Clause of Non obstante matter or thing therein contained or any Law Statute Custome or Prescription to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alsoe That noe Person inhabiting in any City Burrough or Towne Corporate shall be compelled

to be any Assessor or Collector of or for any part of the Rates and Assessments hereby granted in any Place

or Places out of the Limitts of the said Burrough or Towne Corporate

Provided alsoe That nothing in this Act contained shall be extended to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities or the Colledges of Windsor Eaton Winton or Westminster or any Hospitalls or Almshouses or any Free Schoole for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges or Halls or Hospitalls or Almshouses or Free Schoole or any Master Fellow or Scholler of any such Colledge or Hall or in any other Free Schools or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universities Colledges or Schooles or of any Almsmen of tany Hospitalls or Almshouses for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Profits whatsoever ariseing or growing due to them in respect of the said severall Places and Employments in the said Universities Colledges Halls Schools Hospitalls or Almshouses nor to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall or the Hospitalls of Saint Bartholomew Bridewell Saint Thomas and Betlehem Hospitall within the City of London and Burrough of Southwarke or any of them or to any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities or to the Colledges of Eaton Winchester or Westminster or to any Hospitall Almshouse or Free Schoole whatsoever for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitalls being to be Received and Disbursed for the immediate Use and Reliefe of the Poore in the said Hospitalls Provided That noe Tennants of any Lands or Houses by Lease or Grant from any of the said Hospitalls Colledges Halls Almshouses or Free Schools shall claime or enjoy any Freedome or Exemption by this Act but that all the Houses and Lands wrhich they soe hold shall be Rated for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitalls Colledges Halls Almshouses or Free Schools

Provided alsoe That where any Person inhabiting within the City of London or any other City or Towne Corporate hath his Dwelling-house in one of the Parishes and Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandizes chargeable by this Act in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards in the same City That then such Person shall be charged Taxed and Assessed for such his Goods or Merchandizes in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth and not elsewhere in the said City

Provided alwayes and bee it further Declared and Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the avoiding all Obstructions and Delayes in Assessing and Colleding the Summs which by this Act are to be Rated and

XVI. Assessor, Collector, Sec. oegleding his Duty,

Con mis&ioners may punish by Fine, not exceeding ^5. to be levied and certified into the Exchequer. Commissioners may require Account from Receiver Gener.il.

If Failure in the Premises Commissioners to proceed forthwith.

Any Commissioner concerned in Assessment to withdraw, in case of any Debate thereon.

Questions touching Rates to be determined by Two or more Commissioners. Receivers General and Head Collectors to give Acquittances gratis.

Subcolle&ors to give Schedule under Hand and Seal of Names, Nc. of Persons charged making Default. Such Schedule to be delivered by Head Collector to the Receiver General, and by him returned into the Exchequer.

XVIL Patents of Liberties no Exemption from Tax.

xviii.

Persons inhabiting in Cities &c. not compelled to be Collectors out of the Limits of such City, Sic.

XIX.

Proviso for Universities, Windsor, Eaton, Winchester, and Westminster Colleges, Hospitals, Almshouses, and Free Schools, Readers, &c. in the said Universities. Christ's Hospital, St. Bartholomew, Bridewell,

St. Thomas, and Bethlehem.

Tenants of the said Hospitals, Colleges, &c. not exempt from Taxation.

XX.

Persons dwelling in one of the Parishes or Wards, See. of London, or other Corporation, and having Goods, <vc. in other Parishes, charged in the Parish, &c. where they dwell.

XXI.

All Places which have been used

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

A. DA 688.

to be rated, to pay and be assessed in such County, &c. as heretofore.

XXII. Where Lands unoccupied and no Distrt ss can be had nor Owner found;

Commissioners to certify unto the Exchequer;

*uch Certificate a sufficient Charge upon the Person and Land ; and Process out of Exchequer shall issue accordingly.

XXIII.

At the E<piration of the Times prescribed for the Payment of the Rates, the Commissioners are to call Oeforc them the Collectors, and to examine and assure themselves of the several Payments; and in case of Failure in the Premises, Commissioners to proceed forthwith

XXIV. Persons may lend Money to the Crown, on Security of Act, at ^7

per cent.

Such Money not to be assessed.

XXV. Repayment of such Monies how secured.

Books provided.

Tally of Loan to Lender, and Warrant for Interest.

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in Course.

Monies to come in by this A & liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for providing or making Books,

&c. or for Payment of the Money lent, or Interest.

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer. Penalty.

Uudue Preference by Deputy.

Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller, not making Payments in due Order.

Assessed all Places Constablewicks Divisions and Allottments which have used to be Rated and Assessed shall pay and be Assessed in such County Hundred Rape Wapentake Constablewicke Division Place and Allotment as the same hath heretofore usually beene Assessed in and not elsewhere

Provided alwayes and bee it further Enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish Place or Constablcwick shall lye unoccupied and noe Distresses can be found on the same nor the Person of the true owner or Proprietor can be found within the said County by reason whereof the Rate and Assessment upon such unoccupied Lands cannot be Levyed That then upon Complaint thereof made to the Commissioners for the County where such Case shall happen to be the said Commissioners or any two or more of them shall certifie into their Majestyes Court of Exchequer the Name of the Person whose Land or House soe lyeth unoccupied together with the Summe thereupon Assessed and the Parish or Place where such Land lyeth which Certificate is hereby declared to be a sufficient Charge upon the Person and Land therein named and shall make the Person Debtor to their Majestyes for the Summe soe Assessed and the Court of Exchequer shall issue out Processe thereupon against the Body Goods and all other the Lands of such Debtor untill the Summe soe Assessed be fully and effectually Levyed and Paid to Their Majestyes

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That at the expiration of the respective Times in this Act prescribed for the full payment of the severall and respective Rates and Assessments herein before Granted the severall and respective Commissioners or any two or more of them within their Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the Chiefe Collectors and Subcolleftors within each respective Division and Hundred to Examine and Assure themselves of the full and whole Payment of the particular Summe and Summs of Money Charged within and upon the said Division and Hundred and every Parish and Place therein

and of the due Returne of the same into the Hands of the Receivers Generali of the said County City Towne

and Place respectively and by such Receiver Generali to the Receipt of His Majesties Exchequer to the end there may be noe failure in [The payment of'] any part of the Rates and Assessments which by this Act ought to be Levyed and paid and in case of any failure in the Premisses the Commissioners or any two of them are to cause the same to be [forthwith *] Levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act

Provided alwayes and it is hereby Enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Person and Persons to Advance and Lend unto Their Majesties upon the Security of this Act any Summe or Summes of Money and to have and receive for the forbearance thereof after the Rate of Seaven pounds by the Hundred for One whole Yeare and noe more directly or indirectly And moreover that noe Money soe lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or assessed by vertue of this Act

And to the end that all Moneys which shall be Lent unto Their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act may be well and sufficiently Secured out of the Moneys ariseing and payable by this Act Bee it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in Their Majestyes Exchequer (That is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts one Booke or Register in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by vertue of this Act shall be Entred and Registred apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or

payable to Their Majesties upon any other Branch of their Majestyes Revenue or upon any other Accompt

whatsoever And that all and every Person and Persons who shall Lend any Money to their Majestyes upon the Credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Talley of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment beareing the same Date with his Talley in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for Forbearance after the Rate of Seven pounds per CentS per Anfl for his Consideration to be paid every Three months untill Repayment of his Principall And that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be Registred in Course according to the Date of the Talley respectively without preference of one before another And that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand Entred in the said Register Booke soe as that the Person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Order or Orders first Entred in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and accounted as the first Person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by vertue of

this Act And he or they who shall have his or their [Order or'] Orders next Entred shall be taken and accounted

to be the second Person to be paid and soe successively and in course And that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective Partyes their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any Their Majestyes Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Books Registers Entries View or Search in or for payment of Money lent or the Interest as aforesaid by any of Their Majesties Officer or

Officers their Clerks or Deputies on paine of payment of treble Damages to the Partie grieved by the Party

offending with Costs of Suite Or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his Place alsoe And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers Then the Partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Partie grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office and if such Preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without Direction or Privity of his Master Then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not Direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make Payment according to each Persons due Place and Order as aforedirefted Then he or they shall be judged to forfeite and their

* forthwith to be O.

‘ interlined on the Roll.

85

respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputies or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoine Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any vise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and be it hereby Declared That if it happen that severall Talleys of Loane or Orders for Payment as aforesaid beare Date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be Registred Then it shall be interpreted noe undue Preference which of those he Enters first soe he Enters them all the same day Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incurr any Penalty in point of payment if the Auditor Direct and the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Orders before other Persons that did not come to demand their Money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much Money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them (Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Bank for them)

And bee it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That every Person or Persons to whome any Money shall be due by vertue of this Act after Order Entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement of his Order may Assigne and Transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefit of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Meinoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall Entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefitt thereof and Payment thereon and such Assignee may in like manner Assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such Person or Persons who have made such Assignements to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof

And bee it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That if any Action Suite Plaint or Information shall be Commenced or Prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in Execution of this Act such Person or Persons soe Sued in any Court whatsoever shall and may Plead the Generali Issue Not guilty and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the Speciall Matter in Evidence And if the Plaindffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendants shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like Remedy as in Case where Costs by Law are given to the Defendants

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That every Rate Tax or Assessment which shall be made or imposed by vertue of this Act of Parliament in respect of any House or Tenement which an Ambassador Resident Agent or other Publique Minister of any Forreigne Prince or State now doth or shall hereafter inhabitc or occupy shall be paid by the Landlord or Owner of the said House or Tenements respectively

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That in all Priviledged and other Places being Extraparochiall or not within any the Constablewicks or Precincts of the respective Assessors to be appointed by vertue of this Act (although in any Monthly or other Tax they have not beene Assessed or Rated heretofore) the said Commissioners or any two or more of them shall and are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fitt Persons liveing in or neare the said Priviledged or other Places as aforesaid to be Assessors for the said Places and to make and returne their Assessments in like manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish Tything or Place and alsoe to appoint one or more Collectors who are hereby required to Collect and pay the same according to the Rules appointed by this Act for Colleding and Paying all Sums of Money payable by this Act

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter change determine or make void any Contracts Covenants or Agreements whatsoever betweene the Landlord and Tenant touching the Payment of Taxes or Assessments Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners who shall be imployed in the Execution of this Act shall be lyable for or by reason of such Execution to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act made the Five and twentyeth Yeare of King Charles the Second For the Preventing of Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the Foure and twentyeth day of June in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and nine the Officers of the Receipt of their Majestyes Exchequer shall and may receive and take for their Fees Three farthings in the Pound and noe more for all or any Summe or Summs of Money to be issued or paid to any of their Majestyes Garisons or other Land Forces out of the Moneys ariseing by an Act Intituled An Act for the Granting a present Ayd to Their Majestyes An Act Intituled An Act for Raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the Reduceing of Ireland and by this present Act or any other Act to be granted or made dureing this present Session of Parlyament

And it is hereby further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That an Accompt shall be given and made unto the Commons in Parlyament Assembled of and for all and every Summe and Summes of Money whatsoever that shall be Collected Levyed and Paid to the Use of their Majestyes by Vertue of this present Act or of any other Act or Acts Made or Passed or to be Made or Passed at any time or times dureing this present Sessions of Parlyament

Penalty.

How such Penalties to be recovered.

XXVI. Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, so as Money be reserved 6ulficient to satisfy preceding Orders

interest to cease from the Time Money so reserved.

XXVII. Orders for Payment of Money so lent may be assigned by Indorsement. Memorial thereof made without Fee.

Assignee may in like Manner assign such Order.

XXVIII. General Issue may be pleaded on Action brought for any Thing done in pursuance of A&.

On Nonsuit, 3cc. Treble Costs.

XXIX. Proviso for Houses of Ambassadors, &c.

Rates paid by Landlord.

XXX.

Proviso for privileged and extra parochial Placc6.

XXXI.

Proviso for Contracts between Landlord and Tenant as to Payment of Taxes.

XXXII. Commissioners not liable to Penalties of

35 Car. II. c.a. for executing this Act.

XXXIII. From 24 June 1689 the Officers of

the Exchequer to take only Three-farthings in the Pound out of Monies paid to Land Forces out of Monies arising

by Aa, arc.

XXXIV. Account to be rendered to the Commons in Parliament of Monies raised by this Act or any other Aa of this Session.

z

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 21.

s1.D.\688

Rot. Parl. pt. 4.

nu. 2.

Jurisdiction of Commissioners of Great Seal doubted.

Commissioners of the Great Seal may execute the Power and entitled to the Emoluments of Chancellor.

Their Place.

n.

One Commissioner may hear Motions, &c. but not make Decree, &c.

III.

Custos Kotulorum how to be chosen.

37 H. VIII. c.i.

IV.

Clerk of the Peace how to be appointed.

V.

Justices of Peace in Sessions may discharge Clerk of the Peace.

What Person may nominate Clerk of the Peace upon such Vacancy.

VI.

New Clerk of the Peace liable to Penalties, &c.

VII.

Custos Rotulorum, &c. shall take no Fee for appointing Clerk of the Peace.

CHAPTER XXL

An Act for enabling Lords Commissioners for the Great Seale to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor or Lord

Keeper.

WHEREAS their most Excellent Majestyes King William and Queene Mary have thought fitt that the Office of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England should be executed by Commissioners appointed for the same under the Great Seale of England And whereas severall Authorities Jurisdictions and Powers are by severall Acts of Parliament and otherwise vested setled and placed in the Lord Chancellor of England or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being Now for the preventing of all Doubts and Questions that may arise whether all or any of those Authorities Jurisdictions and Powers may be exercised by such Commissioners Bee it enacted and declared and it is hereby enacted and declared by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes and by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same That such Commissioners for the time being may use and exercise at all times according to their Commissions as of right belonging to the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seale of England for the time being all and every the same and like Offices Authority Jurisdiction and Execution of Laws and all other Customes Priviledges Emoluments and Advantages which the Lord Chancellor of England or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being of right ought to [[have use'] or execute as belonging to their or either of their said Offices or otherwise howsoever to all intents and purposes as if the said Lords Commissioners for the time being were Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England and shall have and take place next after the Peeres of this Realme [and Speaker of the House of Commons unlesse any of them shall happen to be a Peere and then to take place according to his I^eerage1]

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That any one Commissioner (in the absence of the others) may heare Motions and give Orders and Directions touching the interlocutory Proceedings in any Cause soe as such one Commissioner in the absence of the others shall not make any Decrees or putt the Great Seale to any thing whatsoever whereunto the whole Broad Seale ought to be affixt unlesse there be two Commissioners present

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the nominating and appointing of the Custos Rotulorum throughout all the Shires and Countyes of this Realme is and shall be as is directed by a Statute made in the thirty seventh yeare of Henry the Eighth Entituled A Bill for Custos Rotulorum and [the Clerkship ofJ] the Peace any Law Usage or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding

[And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Custos Rotulorum or other person to whome of right it doth or shall belong to nominate or appoint the Clerke of the Peace for any County Rideing Division or other Place shall from time to time where the Office of the Clerke of the Peace now is or hereafter shall be void nominate and appoint one able and sufficient person resideing in the said County Rideing Division or other place for which he is soe appointed or to be appointed Clerke of the Peace to execute the same by himselfe or his sufficient Deputy and to take and recieve the Fees Profits and Perquisits thereof for soe long time onely as such Clerke of the Peace shall well demeane himselfe in his said Office

And bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Clerke of the Peace already nominated or to be nominated as aforesaid shall misdemeane himselfe in the Execution of the said Office and thereupon a Complaint and Charge in Writeing of such Misdemeanor shall be exhibited against him to the Justices of the Peace in their Generali Quarter Sessions it shall be lawfull for the said Justices or the major part of them from time to time upon Examination and due proofe thereof openly in their said Generali Quarter Sessions to suspend or discharge him

from the said Office and that in such Case the Custos Rotulorum or other person to whome it shall of right

belong to nominate and appoint the Clerke of the Peace for such County Rideing Division or place shall nominate and appoint one other able and sufficient person resideing in the said County Rideing Division or place as aforesaid to be Clerke of the Peace in the place of such Person soe amoved as aforesaid and in case of refusall or neglect to make such Nomination and Appointment before the next Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden after the said refusall that it shall and may be lawfull for the said Justices of the Peace at their Generali Quarter-Sessions for the said County Rideing Division or place or the major part of them to nominate and appoint one able and sufficient

person resideing in the said County Rideing Division or place to be Clerke of the Peace in the place of such

person soe amoved as aforesaid to have hold and enjoy the said Office of Clerke of the Peace and to execute the same by himselfe or his sufficient Deputy and to receive the Fees Profits and Perquisits thereof

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That he shall be lyable and subject to all the Penalties Forfeitures Conditions Limitations and Provisions herein and hereby mentioned and expressed and may be amoved or discharged by the said Justices or the major part of them in such manner and way as is above specified.4]

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall not be lawfull for any Custos Rotulorum or other person to whome of right it doth or shall belong to nominate elect or appoint any Clerke of the Peace to sell the said Place of Clerke of the Peace or to take any Bond or other assurance to recieve or have any Reward Money Fee or Profitt directly or indirectly to him or any other person for such nominating electing or appointing but that every such Custos Rotulorum or other person that shall soe sell the Clerkshipp of the Peace

' use have O.

3 interlined on the Roll.

3 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * annexed to the Original Act in separate Schedules.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.21, 22.

87

and every Clerke of the Peace who shall soe buy his place are hereby disabled to hold their places of Custos Rotulorum or Clerkship of the Peace and shall alsoe each of them respectively forfeite double the Summe or Value of other thing that shall be soe given or taken to be recovered by him or them to their owne use that shall sue for the same to be prosecuted by any Action of Debt Suite Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majestyes Courts at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall lye

[And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every Clerke of the Peace before he enter upon the execution of his said Office shall in open Sessions take the Oath following viz*

JAB doe Sweare That I have not nor will pay any Summe or Summs of Money or other Reward whatsoever nor given any Bond or other Assurance to pay any Money Fee or Profitt directly or indirectly to any person or persons whomsoever for such Nomination or Appointment Soe helpe me God.

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall any ways affect or relate to the Clerke of the Peace for the Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster onely which said Clerke of the Peace holds his said Office for Lives by Grants from his late Majestic King Charles the Second as his Predecessors in the said place have done from former Kings and Queens of this Realme in right of their Dutchy and County Palatine aforesaid This Act to commence from the first day of May one thousand six hundred eighty nine.*]

CHAPTER XXII.

An Act for the Exportation of Beere, Ale, Syder and Mum.

FOR the Advancement of Trade and Encouragement of Tillage and Manufacture of this Realme Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and Commons in Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That from and after the twenty fourth of June in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty nine It shall and may be lawful 1 for any person in any Seaport or upon any Navigable River to export and shipp off as Merchandize within any of the usuall and allowed Ports by Law and at the common Keyes for Exportation and ladeing on Board of Merchandize or Keyes to be appointed for that purpose and within the usuall houres of Excize for accompt of himselfe or any other (to be exported into Forreigne parts) in the presence of a swome Gauger or other swome Officer to be appointed by the Farmers Commissioners or Sub Comissioners of their Majestyes Excise upon Notice thereof to them given at the Office of Excise within the Limitts whereof the said Ale Beere Sider and Mum was brewed or made of the respective Port or Place whence the same shall be shipped any sort of strong Ale strong Beere Sider or Mum to be spent beyond the Seas paying Custome for the same after the Rate of one shilling for every Tunn which shall be exported in any English or Forreigne Vessell and noe more or other Duty whatsoever Which said Gauger or Officer aforesaid shall certifie the quantity of the said Beere Ale Syder or Mum shipped off to the Commissioners and Officers of Excise where the Entry thereof shall be made who are hereby required to make allowance or repay the Excise of the Beere Ale Syder or Mum soe exported unto the Brewer or Maker thereof within one month after such Exportation deducting three pence per Tunn for the Charges of their Officers and noe more

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Merchant or Master of any Shipp or Vessell or other person shall cause or suffer any of the said Liquors soe shipped in any Vessell as Merchandize to be unshipped unladen and laid on Land or putt into any other Shipp or Vessell within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede he or they shall forfeite the same and fifty pounds of lawfull Money of England more for every Caske he or they shall soe unduely land or putt aboard any Vessell to be [recorded2] in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record by Information Bill or Plaint The one moyety of which Forfeiture shall be to the use of the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes the other moyety to the Informer [orJ] Prosecutor And to the intent their Majesties Duty of Excise may not be prejudiced for such Beere Ale Sider or Mum as shall be spent on Shipboard their Majestyes Commissioners and Officers of the Customes are hereby required and enjoyned to charge every Master of any Shipp or Vessell in his Victualling Bill with soe much Beere Ale Sider or Mum and noe more as such number of Men use to spend in such Voiages The Excise whereof to be recovered according to the Laws and Rules already established

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the aforesaid rate of one shilling the Tunn for Beere Ale Syder and Mum to be exported as aforesaid shall be levyed and paid under such Rules and Penalties and for such time and in such manner as by the Laws of Tonnage and Poundage are ordained

Provided alwayes and bee it (4) enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe Mum imported from Forreigne parts dureing the continuance of this Act shall have any part of the Duty of Custome or Excise which was paid at the Importation thereof repaid upon Exportation any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Buying and selling of Place of Clerk of the Peace. Penalty.

VIII.

Clerk of the Peace to take the Oath following.

IX.

Act not to extend to Duchy or County-Palatine of Lancaster.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4.

m/.3.

Ale, &c. may be exported,

Paying Duty of Custom.

Gauger, ice. to certify Quantity.

Excise to be repaid.

II.

Merchant unlading, flee. such Ale, &c.

Penalty, Ale, &c. forfeited, and at50 per Cask.

Proviso for Ale, &c. spent on Shipboard.

Excise thereof how recovered.

III.

Duty of Customs how levied.

IV.

Duty for Foreign Mum on Importation not repaid on Exportation.

* annexed to the Original Act in separate Schedules.

* recovered O.

5 and 0.

4 further O.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 23, 24.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. ttu. 4*

20 Car. II. c. 5. revived by

I Jac. II. c. 13.

Revived for Seven Year*.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Act for Reviveing two former Acts for Exporting of Leather

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for giveing Liberty to Buy and Export Leather and Skinns Tanned or Dressed Which Ad being expired was revived by another Act made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the late King James the Second Entituled An Act for Reviveing a former Act for Exporting of Leather Which Ad will expire at the end of this Sessions of Parlyament And whereas these Laws have beene found very beneficiall to this Kingdome Wee therefore your Majestyes most Loyall and Obedient Subjects the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament assembled doe humbly pray that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the said two Acts and every part of them shall be and are hereby Revived and Continued in full force and vertue to all intents and purposes from the end of this Sessions of Parlyament and shall soe continue for the space of seven yeares and from thence to the end of the first Sessions of Parlyament then next ensueing and noe longer.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. nil. 4.

Reasons for ; the

granting I Duties.

Additional Excise upon Ale, &c. given for Three Years.

Beer or Ale above 6s. the Barrel, 9d. a Barrel.

Beer or Ale 6s. the Barrel or under, 3d. a Barrel.

Vinegar of English Materials, is. 6d. a Barrel.

Vinegar of Foreign Materials, 48. a Barrel.

Foreign Beer, See. imported, 3s. a Barrel.

Cyder or Ferry imported, ^'4. a Tun.

Single Brandy imported, 2s. the Gallon.

Double Brandy imported, 4s. a Gallon.

Cyder and Perry retailed, 1 s. 3d. the Hogshead. Mctheglin or Mead, 3d. the Gallon.

II.

Distiller, after Account taken of Low Wines,

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Act for an Additionall Duty of [Essise'] upon Beerc Ale and other Liquors.

WEE your Majestyes most dutyfull and loyall Subjects the Commons assembled in Parlyament takeing into serious consideration the great and urgent Occasions which doe presse your Majestyes to an extraordinary Expence of Treasure for the defence of your Kingdomes and Dominions against Invasion and for presenting to your said Subjects the intercourse of Trade for which purpose your Majestyes have found yourselves obliged to equipp and sett out to Sea a Royall Navy and to make and maintaine a Warr against the French King and in most thankfull acknowledgment of your Majesties tender Care of the Welfaire of your People have chearfully and unanimously given and granted and doe hereby give and grant to your Majesties the severall additionall Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned and doe most humbly beseech your Majesties that it may be enabled And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same That from and after the four and twentyeth day of July which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and nine there shall be throughout your Majestyes Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised levyed collected and paid unto your Majesties and your Successors durcing the space and terme of three yeares from the four and twentyeth day of July aforesaid and noe longer for Bcere Ale Sider and other Liquors herein after expressed by way of Excise over and above all other Duties Charges and Impositions by any former Act or Acts sett and imposed and in manner and forme following that is to say For every Barrell of Beere or Ale above six shillings the Barrell exclusive of the Duty of Excise brewed by the common Brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tapp out Beer or Ale publickly or privately to be paid by the common Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties already payable for the same nine pence For every Barrell of Beere or Ale of six shillings the Barrell or under brewed by the common Brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beere or Ale publickly or privately to be paid by the said common Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively as aforesaid and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duty already payable for the same three pence For every Barrell of Vinegar or Vinegar Beere brewed or made of any English Materialls by any common Brewer or any other person for Sale to be paid by the maker thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties of Excise already payable for the same one shilling six pence For every Barrell of Vinegar or Liquor prepared for Vinegar made here for Sale of any Forreigne Materialls or any mixture with Forreigne Materialls to be paid by the maker thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity foure shillings For every Barrell of Beere Ale or Mum imported from beyond the Seas and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importers before landing over and above the Duties already payable for the same three shillings For every Tun of Syder or Perry imported from beyond the Seas and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the Duties already payable for the same foure pounds For every Gallon of single Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the Duties already payable for the same two shillings For every Gallon of Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite above proofe commonly called double Brandy imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the Duties already payable for the same foure shillings For all Sider and Perry made and sold by Retaile upon every Hogshead to be paid by the Retailer thereof over and above the Duties already payable for the same and soe proportionably for a greater or [lesser1] Measure one shilling three pence For all Metheglin or Mead made for Sale whether by Retaile or otherwise to be paid by the maker for every Gallon three pence

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Distiller or Maker of [any1] Low Wines shall at any time after the twentieth day of July one thousand six hundred eighty nine after an account hath beene

1 Excise 0.

* lease O.

3 interlined on the Roll.

89

taken by the Gauger of the quantity of his Low Wines sell dispose of or remove the same or any part thereof without distilling or drawing it off a second time every such Distiller or maker of Low 'Wines for every Gallon soe sold disposed of or removed shall forfeit the summe of five shillings to be levyed in manner as any penalties or forfeitures are levyable by any Act relateing to the Revenue of Excise

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the severall Rates and Duties of Excise hereby imposed on the Liquors aforesaid shall be raised levyed collected recovered and paid unto their Majesties and their Successors dureing the rime before mentioned and in the same manner and forme and by such rules wayes and meanes and under such penalties and forfeitures as are mentioned expressed and directed in and by one Act of Parlyainent made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance and for setling a Revenue upon his Majestic in lieu thereof And alsoe in and by one other Act of Parlyament made in the fifteenth yeare of his said Majesties Raigne Entituled An Additionall Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duties of Excise and preventing the Abuses therein or in either of them, Or by any other Law now in force relateing to the Revenue of Excise not otherwise herein and hereby altered and provided against

And for the avoiding all uncertainty and all differences and disputes which of late have beene betweene the Gaugers and the Brewers Victuallers Retailers and other persons chargeable with the duties of Excise touching Beere and Ale and touching the Returns or Charges made or to be made of Beere or Ale by the Gaugers or Officers appointed to take account and ascertaine the same Bee it enacted [and declared1] by the authority aforesaid That every foure and thirty Gallons of Beere or Ale whether strong or small brewed or made in any part of England Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede by any the person or persons aforesaid other then within the Cityes of London and Westminster and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality taken by the Gauger according to the Standard of the Ale Quart foure whereof shall make the Gallon remaineing in the Custody of the Chamberlaine of their Majesties Exchequer shall be reckoned accounted and returned by the Gauger or Gaugers or other Officers aforesaid for a Barrell of Beere or Ale And that the allowances appointed to be made and allowed to the Common Brewers other then within the Cities of London and Westminster and the Weekly Bills of Mortality aforesaid for Waste by filling and leakage of their Beere and Ale out of the said Returns or Charges made by the said Gaugers or other Officers aforesaid shall be two Barrells and an halfe upon every three and twenty Barrells of Beere or Ale whether strong or small and noe more any tiling in the above mentioned Acts or any other Act of Excise or any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding and that every Barrell of Beere and Ale made and brewed within the said Cities of London and Westminster and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality aforesaid by any the persons aforesaid shall be reckoned accounted and returned as the same are respectively to be reckoned accounted and returned by the former Acts of Excise and that the Common Brewers within the Cities of London and Westminster and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality shall have the like allowances for waste by filling and leakage out of the said Gaugers Returns as by the said former Acts are directed

And whereas by the Laws relateing to their Majesties Revenue of Excise It is enacted That Gaugers have power to gauge all Coppers Fatts and Vessells in any Brewhouse and all other places whatsoever belonging to or used by any Brewer Innkeeper Victualler or other Retailer of Beere or Ale and to take an accompt of Beere Ale and Worts from time to time brewed or made and thereof to make Returne and Report in Writeing to the Commissioners and Subcommissioners of Excise and such Returns to be a Charge upon such Brewers Now for the preventing of Frauds and Disputes which may happen or arise by the Gaugers makeing their Returns [as1] aforesaid Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That where it shall appeare to the Gauger or Gaugers that any Worts are missing or not lett fairely downe into the Tun and such Gauger cannot finde the same in such Case it shall be lawfull [for such Gauger'] to charge such Brewer Victualler or other Retailer with soe much Beere or Ale as such Worts soe missing would reasonably make

And for the avoiding as much as may be all Disputes Bee it enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for all Gaugers to take their gauges and make their Returns and Charges upon warme Worts in the Backs Coolers or other Vessells and in such Case shall make allowance to the Brewer Innkeeper Victualler or other Retailer of one tenth part thereof for Wash and Waste for all Worts soe Returned and Charged which Worts nor any part of the same are to be in any sort afterwards charged with the payment of any Duty of Excise when brewed or made into Beere or Ale.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe Innkeeper Victualler or other Retailer of Beere or Ale shall at any time hereafter dureing the continuance of this Act or of the additionall Duties hereby imposed be sued impleaded or molested by Indictment Information or Popular Action or otherwise for selling or uttering any Beere or Ale at any other or higher Prices then the Prices heretofore limitted and appointed any thing in this Act or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding

And forasmuch as it is found by Experience that the payment of their Majesties Duties on Strong Waters Aqua vite and Spirits is much avoided and defrauded by the Distillers or makers of the Commodities aforesaid by reason that the Gaugers and Officers appointed to gauge and charge those Liquors are not duely admitted and permitted to enter and come into the Houses Distilling-houses or Store-houses and other places belonging to or used by such Distillers or Makers of such Strong Waters Aqua vite and Spirits and the penalties imposed by the former Acts are often avoided for such dcnyall or refusall because proofe cannot be made by the Informers or Officers of any Sale made of any their Commodities before the Duty thereof is paid Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from

1 interlined on the Roll.

selling without distilling a Second Time,

Penalty, 5s.

III.

Excise how collected.

12 Car. II. c. 24.

15 Car. II. c. 11.

IV.

What shall be accounted a Barrel.

Allowances fer Leakage.

V.

Brewer chargeable with the Quantity of Worts missing.

VI.

Gaugers may make Returns upon warm Worts, and make Allowance to Brewer, &c.

VII. Ale-seller not suable for selling at a higher Rate than formerly.

VIII.

Frauds in Payment of Duties recited.

A a

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 24.

A.D. 1688.

Distiller refusing to permit Gauger to come into his Storehouse, &c.

Penalty.

IX.

15 Car. II. c. 11. k 6, 7.

Brewer not discharged from Misentry, except he shewed to Gauger an Account of the Beer, &c. at the Time of the Return.

Fraud of Duty. Penalty.

X.

Brewer, &c. having concealed Storehouse, &c.

Penalty, £$o.

Mixing, concealing, &c. Worts, Penalty 20s. a Barrel.

Commissioners of Excise, &c. may give Judgment of Penalties.

XI. . Gaugers to leave Notes of their Gauges with Brewers, &c.

Penalty, 40s.

XII.

By whom and how Complaints of Overcharge returned may be determined.

Witnesses examined on Oath.

XIII. Offices for Duties, &c. for Anglesey.

XIV.

Commissioner or Officer of Excise talcing Money of any Person but the King.

Punishment.

henceforth in case any Distiller or Maker of the Commodities aforesaid shall upon due request or demand made by the Gauger or Officer in the day time or in the night-time in the presence of a Constable refuse to permitt such Gaugers to enter and come into his or their House Disdllinghouse Store-house or other places belonging to or used by such Distillers or Makers of Strong Waters Aqua vite or Spirits the partie and parties soe offending shall forfeit and incurr the Forfeitures and Penalties by the said former Acts imposed and inflicted to be recovered in manner as therein and thereby is directed and the Informer or Prosecutor shall not be obliged to prove that such Offenders sold carryed or delivered out part of his Commodities aforesaid before he had paid or cleared the Duties due for the same any thing in the said former Act or any other Act or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas in and by the said Act made in the fifteenth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles the Second It is amongst other things therein provided or enacted in the words or to the effect following (viz1) That noe Common Brewer or Brewers shall be sued or prosecuted for any Penalty or Forfeiture by (') or them incurred for or by reason of any Misentry or short Entry if he or they shall .within one Weeke after the delivery of the Copy of the Gaugers Returne made on him certifie his or their Entry made for the Weeke for which such Copy of the Returne is delivered according to such Returne for each respective Charge or Brewing or otherwise discharging himselfe Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Brewer or Brewers shall from henceforth have or claime any benefitt by the said Provisoe on any Information to be brought against him or them for Non Entry wilfull false Entry or Non-payment If it shall appeare by the Evidence given that such Brewer soe sued for Non Entry or short or false Entry or Non-payment did not (bona fide) shew to the Gauger or Gaugers appointed to take account of the Beere or Ale by them brewed all the Beere Ale and Worts of each respective Guile for such time for which such Copy of the Returne was made or given, Or if any apparent Fraud was acted or made to defraud their Majestyes of their Duty for any part of the Drinke brewed in the time for which such Copy of the Returne is made or given by the Gauger in such case such Brewer shall incurr all the Penalties and Forfeitures by the former Acts provided or inflicted The said Provisoe or any thing in any Acts or Statute relateing to the Excise in any wise notwithstanding

And for avoiding some Doubts that have arisen It is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Common Brewer Inn-keeper Victualler or Retailer of Beere or Ale who contrary to the said Act made in the said fifteenth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles the Second shall make use of any private or

concealed Storehouse Celler or place for the laying of any Beere or Ale or Worts in Caske shall forfeit the Summe

of fifty pounds for every such Offence And every such Brewer Inn-keeper Victualler or Retailer who contrary to the said Act made as aforesaid shall mix conceale or convey away any Worts shall forfeit twenty shillings for every Barrell of Worts by him or them soe mingled concealed or conveyed away contrary to the said Act And the Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the Peace and all others authorized to heare and determine Forfeitures and Offences against the Laws relateing to the Excise respectively on Complaints or Informations brought for these Offences or either of them and duely proved before them are hereby authorized to give Judgement or Sentence for the respective Forfeitures accordingly any Ommission or not repeating of the said Offences or either of them in and by the said Act notwithstanding

And to the end Common Brewers and other persons paying the Duty of Excise may not be overcharged It is hereby declared and enacted That true Notes in Writeing of the last Gauges made or taken by the said Gaugers shall be left by them with all Brewers Makers or Retailers of Beere Ale or other exciseable Liquors respectively or

some of their Servants at the times of their takeing their said Gauges containing the quantity and quality of the

Liquors soe gauged upon penalty of forty shillings for every Offence or Neglect of the said Gauger or Gaugers

And it is hereby enacted That the Commissioners of Excise or Appcales or Justices of Peace within whose Jurisdiction respectively any such Brewer Maker or Retailer shall inhabite or dwell upon Complaint to them made by or on the behalfe of such Brewers Makers or Retailers of any Overcharge returned upon them by any of the said Gaugers shall and are required to heare and determine all such Complaints and examine the Witnesses upon Oath which shall be produced as well on the behalfe of the partie makeing such Complaint as on the behalfe of all and every other party and parties (which Oath they have hereby power to administer) and thereupon or by other due proofe to discharge or acquitt such Brewer Maker or Retailer of soe much of his and their respective Charges as shall be soe made out before them any thing in this or in any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding And whereas there is but one Market Towne in the County of Anglesey by reason of which the Inhabitants of some parts of the said County are putt to extraordinary trouble and expence to make their Entryes and Payments being foure and twenty miles distant from the said Market Towne Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the ease of the said Inhabitants liveing remote from the said Market Towne there shall be Offices kept for the makeing Entries and Payments in the severall Townes of Holyhead Newborough and Llanerchthineth as well as in the Towne of Beaumaris where onely the said Office has beene accustomed to be kept

And whereas severall Collectors Surveyors Gaugers and other persons imployed about collcding surveying or gauging the Duty of Excise have beene forced to pay severall summs of money to the Commissioners of Excise or their Registers or Clerks [[upon1] pretence that the same is for writeing signing and sealeing Instructions or Orders for every such Officer to execute his place which must cause such Officer to reimburse himselfe upon the People by one meanes or other For prevention whereof Bee it enacted That noe Commissioner or [other3] person imployed about the Duty of Excise shall demand take or receive any summe of money or other reward whatsoever from any person other then their Majestyes upon paine of forfeiting his or their Office upon proofe thereof by two or more credible Witnesses before any two of their Majesties Justices of the Peace soe as every such person soe offending is hereby made uncapable of executeing any Office in their Majesties Revenue of the Excise for the future

* him O.

* interlined on the Roll.

* under O.

91

1° Gul. (Sc Mar. c. 0.4, 25.

Provided alsoe That noe Information shall be brought laid or prosecuted against any Common Brewer or Brewers or Alehousekeeper for any false or misentry or Offence made or committed from and after the foure and twentyeth day of July one thousand six hundred eighty and nine unlesse the same Information or Informations be laid and entred before such persons appointed to determine the same within three months next after every such Offence committed and that notice thereof be given to such person or persons (against whome such Information shall be laid) in writeing or left at their Dwelling Houses within one Weeke after the laying and entring such Information to the end a timely provision may be had and made in defending the same any thing in this AS or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding

XV.

Information against Brewer, &c. to be within Three Months after Offence, and Notice within a Week after laying Information.

And bee it further ena6Jed by the authority aforesaid That from and after the first of September one thousand Using Molossus or six hundred eighty nine noe Common Brewer or Retailer of Beere or Ale shall use in the brewing or working of °ntfj^'^posluons any Beere or Ale any Molossus Course Sugar Honey or Composition or Extra<5\ of Sugar upon the penaltie of the Forfeiture for every such Offence of all such Liquors wherein any Molossus or Course Sugar Ilony or such Penalty, Forfeiture Composition or Extract shall be putt and alsoe of the Summe of one hundred pounds one moyety of all the said °f ^U°r*an Forfeitures to be to their Majesties the other moyety to the Informer to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record wherein no Essoigne Wager of Law or any more then one Imparlance shall shall be allowed soe as such Suite be commenced within six months after such Forfeiture incurred

And bee it further enabled That when Mault or Barley of English Growth Winchester Measure shall be at foure and twenty shillings by the Quarter or under Rye of English Growth at two and thirty shillings by the Quarter or under and Wheate of English Growth at eight and forty shillings by the Quarter or under in the Towne or Port of Berwicke upon Tweede every Merchant or other person who shall putt on Shipboard in English Shipping the Master and two thirds of his Marriners at least being their Majestyes Subjects any sorts of the Come aforesaid from the said Port or Towne of Berwicke with intent to export the said Come into parts beyond the Seas and shall pursue all and every the Methods and Things prescribed and appointed in that behalfe in and by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament Entituled An Act for Encourageing the Exportation of Come shall have the benefitt and advantage of the said AS and of ever)' thing therein contained as fully to all intents and purposes as if the said Come had beene put on Shipboard from any Port or Ports of this Kingdome or Pominion of Wales

XVII. Exporter of Corn from Berwick to have the Advantage of c. is. ante.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That if any Merchant or other person whatsoever shall putt on Shipboard any Come of the growth of Scotland out of the said Port of Berwicke upon Tweede That all such Come shall be forfeited (that is to say) one third part to their Majesties one other third part to the Informer and the other third part to the Poore of the said Towne of Berwicke.

XVIII.

Shipping Scotch Com at Berwick.

Penalty, Forfeiture of the Com.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Act to Regulate the Administracbn of the Oathes required to be taken by Commission or Warrant Officers p°rl- p*. 4* imployed in their Majestyes Service by Land by Vertue of an Act made this present Session of Parliament Entituled An Act for the Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths.

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament Entituled An Act for the Abrogating of Cap. 8. § to ante, the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths all persons that shall hereafter be putt recited, into any Military Employment shall be obliged to take the Oaths and make and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned before such person as shall issue the Commission or Warrant for such Employment And whereas their Majestyes Service does require the Regiments and Troops of Soldiers to march and be at great distances from London and upon any Vacancy of any such Military Employment by death or otherwise tis necessary to fill up such Vacancies by granting new Commissions for persons that may be at a great distance from London soe as their Majestyes Service will not permitt them to repaire to London to take the said Oaths and make the said

Declaration as aforesaid Bee it enacted by the King and Queen's most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That if any Commission for such Military Employment shall hereafter be granted to any person at any distance from London exceeding twenty miles that such person shall and may take the said Oaths and make and subscribe the said Declaration at the next Muster after the receipt of the said Commission

Commission Officers more than Twenty Miles from London, how to take the Oaths.

before the Commissary of the Musters or his Deputy who is hereby authorized to tender administer and take the same and are hereby required to send up a Certificate thereof under his Hand and Seale to the person who issued such Commission any thing in the aforesaid AS to the contrary notwithstanding. And in case such person who shall Refusing to take recieve such Commission shall refuse to take the said Oaths and subscribe the said Declaration as aforesaid such the °Jl *'

person shall not be allowed upon the Musters but his Commission shall be void to all intents and purposes penalty. whatsoever

Provided alwrayes and bee it enacted That nothing in this AS contained shall extend to the Militia or Trained Bands of England.

(I.

Proviso for Militia and Trained Bands.

]° Gul. & Mar. c. 26.

A.D. 1688.

Rot. Parl. p. 4.

HU. 6.

3 Jac. I. c. 5.'

Persons refusing Declaration of c. 15. ante, or, upon Notice, refusing, &c. to appear before Justices of Peace to have their Names, \c. certified, &c. thereupon disabled to present, Scc.to any Benefice, &c.

Universities in such Cases to present, &c.

II.

Trustees for Popish Recusants Convict, or for Persons disabled by 3 Jac. I. c. 5. also disabled to present.

In such Case Universities to present.

Trustees, &c. of Avoidance, presenting without Notice of Avoidance to Vice-Chancellor of University entitled by this A ft to present.

Penalty ^500.

Presentation by Universities of Person bcncficcd, void.

What Absence makes Living void.

Disability purged by taking Oaths of c. 8. ante, and making Declaration of c. 15. ante.

CHAPTER XXVI.

An Act to vest in the two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists

WHEREAS in and by a certaine Clause mentioned in one Act of Parlyament made in the third yeare of the Raigne of King James the First Entituled An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Recusants It is enacted That every person or persons that is or shall be a Popish Recusant Convict dureing the time that he shall be or remaine a Recusant shall from and after the end of that present Session of Parlyament be utterly disabled to present to any Benefice with Cure or without Cure Prebend or any other Ecclesiastical 1 Liveing or to collate or nominate to any Free Schoole Hospitall or Donative whatsoever and from the begining of the said Parlyament shall likewise be disabled to grant any avoidance to any Benefice Prebend or other Ecclesiastical 1 Liveing Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same That every person who shall refuse or neglect to make repeate and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in one Act of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for the better Secureing the Government by [[disabling'] Papists and Reputed Papists when the same shall be tendred to such person by any two or more Justices of the Peace as in the said Act is enacted or who shall upon notice given as in the said Act is directed refuse or forbeare to appeare before them for the makeing repeating and subscribeing thereof and shall thereupon have his Name Sirnaine and usuall place of abode certified and recorded at the Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden for the Shire Rideing Division or Liberty for which such two Justices shall be Justices of the Peace by the Clerke of the Peace or Towne Clerke as in the said Act is appointed Every such person soe recorded shall be from and after the time of such Record made adjudged taken and esteemed disabled to make such Presentation Collation Nomination Donation or Grant of any avoidance of any Benefice Prebend or Ecclesiastical 1 Liveing as fully and amply as if such person were a Popish Recusant C.onvift by the Laws or Statutes of this Realme any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding And that the Chancellor and Schollers of the University of Oxford and the Chancellor and Schollers of the University of Cambridge by what Name or Names soever they or either of them are incorporated shall respectively have the Presentation Nomination Collation and Donation of and to every such Benefice Prebend or Ecclesiasticall Liveing Schoole Hospitall and Donative sett lying and being in the respective Counties Cities and other the Places and Limitts in the said Act of the third of King James mentioned as in and by the said Act is directed and appointed soe often as any of them shall become void according to the Limitations Directions and Provisions in that behalfe limitted enacted and provided

[And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That where any person or persons are or shall be seised or possessed of any Advowson Right of Presentation Collation or Nomination to any such Ecclesiasticall Liveing Free Schoole or Hospitall as aforesaid in Trust for any Papist or Popish Recusant who shall be convicted or disabled according to the true intent and meaning of the said Statute made in the third yeare of the Raigne of the said King James the First or by this present Act Every such person and persons soe seised and possessed in Trust for any Papist or Popish Recusant convict or disabled shall be and are hereby adjudged to be disabled to present nominate or collate to any such Ecclesiasticall Liveing Free Schoole or Hospitall or to grant any Avoidance thereof and their and every of their Presentations Nominations Collations and Grants shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever And the Chancellors and Schollers of the said respective Universities as aforesaid upon every Avoidance shall have the Presentations Nominations and Collations to such Ecclesiasticall Liveings Free Schooles and Hospitalls in such manner as they should have the same in case such Recusant convict or disabled were seized or possessed thereof And in case any Trustee or Trustees or Mortgagee or Grantee of any Avoidance hereafter present nominate or collate or cause to be presented nominated or collated any person to any such Ecclesiasticall Liveing Free Schoole or Hospitall whereof the Trust shall be for any Recusant convict or disabled without giveing notice of the Avoidance in Writeing to the Vice-Chancellor for the time being of the University to whome the Presentation Nomination or Collation shall belong according to the true intent of this Act within three months after the Avoidance shall happen such Trustee or Trustees Mortgagees or Grantees shall forfeit and pay the summe of five hundred pounds to the said respective Chancellors and Schollers of either of the said Universities to whome such Presentation Nomination or Collation shall belong according to the true intent of this present Act to be recovered in any of their Majestyes Courts of Record by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed Provided ahvayes That the said Chancellors and Schollers of either of the said Universities shall not present or nominate to any Benefice with Cure Prebend or other Ecclesiasticall Liveing any person as shall then have any other Benefice with Cure of Soules And if any such Presentation shall be had or made of any such person soe beneficed the said Presentation shall be utterly void any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding Provided That if any person soe presented or nominated to any Benefice with Cure shall be absent from the same above the space of sixty dayes in any one year that in such Case the said Benefice shall become void1] Provided nevertheless That if any such person shall present himselfe before the Justices of the Peace at the Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County Rideing Division or Liberty where his Name was recorded and shall there in open Court make repeate and subscribe the said Declaration and take the severall Oaths contained in one Act of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for the Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths he shall from thenceforth be discharged of and from the said Disability and be enabled to make such Presentation Collation Nomination and Donation and Grant of any Avoidance to any Benefice Prebend or Ecclesiasticall Liveing Schoole or Hospitall as if this Act had not beene made.

« disarraeing 0.

c annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.27, 28.

93

CHAPTER XXVII.

An Act for takeing away the Court holden before the President and Councill of the Marches of Wales.

WHEREAS by the Statute made in the thirty fourth and thirty fifth yeare of King Henry the Eighth Intituled An Act for certaine Ordinances in the Kings Majestyes Dominion and Principality of Wales It is enacted That there shall be and remaine a President and Councill in the said Dominion and Principality of Wales and the Marches of the same with all Officers Clerks and Incidents to the same in manner and forme as hath beene heretofore used and accustomed which President and Councill shall have power and authoritie to heare and determine by their wisdomes and discretions such Causes and Matters as be or hereafter shall be assigned to them by the Kings Majestic as heretofore hath beene accustomed and used And forasmuch as the Proceedings and Decrees of that Court have by Experience beene found to be an intolerable burthen to the Subject within the said Principality contrary to the great Charter the knowne Lawes of the Land and the Birthright of the Subject and the meanes to introduce an Arbitrary Power and Government And forasmuch as all Matters examinable or determinable or pretended to be examinable or determinable before the said Court of President and Councill may have their proper Redresse in the ordinary course of Justice provided and setled in the severall Shires within the said Principality and Dominion For Remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes and by the Lords Spirituall and Tempo rail and Commons in this present Parlvament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the before recited Clause in the said Statute made in the thirty fourth and thirty fifth yeare of King Henry the Eighth shall be and is hereby repealed And that the said Court commonly called the Court before the President and Councill in the Marches of Wales and all Jurisdiction Power and Authority belonging unto or exercised in the same Court or by any the Judges Officers or Ministers thereof be clearly and absolutely dissolved taken away and determined

And bee it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Justices of the great Sessions in Wales respectively for the time being shall yearely nominate three substantiall persons for each Shire in their respective Circuits to be Shiriffes of the same and shall certifie their Names to the Lords of the most honourable Privy Councill Crastino Animarum to the intent the King and Queen's Majestie and the Survivor of them and their Successors being thereof advertised may appoint one of the persons soe certified in every of the said Shires to be Sheriffe for that yeare

And bee it farther enacted That all Errors in Pleas personall within the said Principality or Dominion of Wales shall be redressed by Writt of Error in the same manner as Errors in Pleas reall and mixed are appointed to be redressed by the said Statute made in the thirty fourth and thirty fifth yeare of King Henry the Eighth

[Provided alwayes That noe Judgements nor Decrees passed in the said Court before the first day of June one thousand six hundred eighty nine shall be by this Act repealed or annulled but all and every of them shall remaine in the same force and all Executions upon them in the same State in which they were before the makeing of this Act any thing in this Act [contained1] to the contrary notwithstanding.1]

CHAPTER XXVUL

An Act for Appropriating certaine Duties for paying the States Generali of the United Provinces their Charges

for His Majesties Expedition into this Kingdome and for other Uses.

FOR satisfying and defraying the Debts and Charges and to the Purposes herein after mentioned Bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament Assembled and by Authoritie of the same That part of the

Money accruing and payable to Their Majesties by one Ad of Parlyament made in the First Yeare of the Raigne of the late King James the Second Entituled An Act for granting to His Majestie an Imposition upon all [Tobaccho '] and Sugar imported betweene the four and twentyeth day of June One Thousand six hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety three not exceeding in the whole the Summe of Sixty Thousand pounds shall be appropriated and applyed to the Payment of the Wages due to the Servants of the late King Charles the Second which were his Servants at the time of his Decease to be paid to them his Executors Administrators and Assignes in Three Yeares from the Twenty fourth day of December One thousand six hundred eighty nine by Three equall Payments and in such manner and proportion and to such of them as His Majestie shall direct And that the residue of the Money ariseing and payable by the said Act and the

Revenue and Summes of Money ariseing and payable by Two other Acts of Parliament made in the said First Yeare

of the said late King James the one Entituled An Act for granting His Majestie an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported betweene the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety and three And the other An Act for granting an Aide to His Majestie by an Imposition on all French Linens and all East-India Linen and severall other Manufactures of India and on all French wrought Silks and Stuffs and on all other wrought Silks And on all Brandies imported after the First day of July One thousand six hundred eighty five and before the First day of July One thousand six hundred and ninety And by one other Act of this present Parliament Entituled An Act for an Additional!

* interlined on the Roll. * annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 5 Tobacco O.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. nu. 7.

34 & 35 H.VIJI. c. 26. $ 4.

Proceedings of the Court of Marches, a Grievance.

34*35 H. VIII. c. 26. § 4. repealed, and the Court of Marches taken away.

II.

Sheriffs in Wales how chosen.

III.

Errors in Pleas personal in Wales how redressed, 34*35 H. VIII. c. 26. § 113.

IV.

Commencement of this Act.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4.

nu. 8.

£60.000, Part of the Monies grauted by 1 Jac. II. c. 4. applied to pay the Wages of certain Servants of the late King Charles II.

The Residue of the Monies arising by 1 Jac. II c. 3.

Sc c. 24. ante.

29.

A.D. 1688.

Applied in the first Place in Payment of ^600,000 to the United States for assisting His Majesty on coming into this Nation ; and the Residue towards subduing the Rebellion in Ireland, &c.

n.

Monies to be kept apart from other Monies payable to Their Majesties.

III.

No Money to be paid to the Servants of the late King, unless they take the Oaths and make the Declaration of c. 8. ante, and produce a Certificate thereof attested by Clerk of the Peace.

Rot. Parl.pt. 4. nu. 9.

The Promotion of an Irish Clergyman in England shall not preiumcc him in Ireland.

The Continuance of the Ad.

U.

How and within-what Time he must make his Claim in Ireland, and resign his Promotions in England.

If not made Presentation void, and Patron may present again.

iii.

Exemption from First-fruits.

1° Gul. & Mar. e.28.

Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors shall be appropriated and applyed from and after the Nine and twentyeth day of September One thousand six hundred eighty and nine dureing the respective continuance of the said Acts In the first place for and towards the payment of Six hundred thousand pounds to the States of the United Provinces for their Assistance to His Majestic at his comeing into this Nation for our Deliverance from Popery and Arbitrary Power in such manner as His Majestic shall direct Which said Summe of six hundred thousand pounds is meant and intended in full satisfaction of their said Assistance and the Charges thereof And after the said Six hundred thousand pounds shall be soe paid the Residue shall be for and towards the Subduing of the Rebellion of Ireland and other Charges of the Warr against France and for noe other Use or Purpose whatsoever Any thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And bee it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That all the Moneys that from and after the Nine and twentyeth day of September One thousand six hundred eighty nine shall arise by the Additional! Duty of Excise and the severall Impositions herein before mentioned shall be kept apart and distinct from all other Moneys payable to Their Majestyes in one or more Books to be provided for that purpose by the Auditor of the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer whereby it may be scene by such as shall be appointed thereunto by the States Generali of the United Provinces or other Persons concerned how much of the said Additional! Duty and Impositions are and shall be from time to time Paid and Answered into the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer

Provided alwayes That noe part of the Money to be hereby issued and paid to any of the Servants of the said late King Charles shall be distributed to any other of them their Executors or Administrators then to such as shall at or before the First day of February next ensueing have taken the Oaths and Made and Subscribed the Declaration mentioned in one Act of this present Parliament Entituled An Act for the Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oaths at the Generali Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County or Place where they shall respectively Reside and shall produce a Certificate thereof attested by the Clerke of the Peace attending the same.

CHAPTER XXIX.

An Act for Reliefe of the Protestant Irish Clergy.

THE King and Queene by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament assembled doe hereby enact And bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe Ecclesiastical 1 person of what dignity or degree soever promoted or beneficed in the Kingdome of Ireland and who

hath beene enforced to forsake the said Kingdome or hath soe done for feare of the Irish Rebells and being of

the Protestant Religion who are or shall be presented promoted collated instituted or indufted to any Church or

Benefice with Cure or without Cure or to any Ecclesiastical 1 Promotion whatsoever in the Kingdome of England

shall thereby or by acceptance thereof lose any Ecclesiasticall Benefice or Promotion in the said Kingdome of Ireland but that he and every of them be continued and enabled still to hold and enjoy his Benefice and Promotion in the said Kingdome of Ireland of what Dignity or Degree soever the same was any Law Statute or Canon notwithstanding This Statute to be in force till that such person preferred in England may and shall be restored to such his Promotion or Benefice in Ireland soe as he may take and enjoy the same as before the time of the Troubles he might have done

Provided alwayes and bee (') further it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any such Ecclesiasticall person or persons soe presented promoted or collated or to be presented promoted or collated to any Benefice or other Ecclesiasticall Preferment or Dignitie within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall not within three Calendar Months after the Courts of Justice in Ireland shall be open and furnished with Protestant Judges soe as he may enjoy his or their Benefices Ecclesiasticall Promotions or Dignities there resigne all such Benefices or other Ecclesiasticall Preferrments to which he shall be presented collated or promoted within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweede as aforesaid into the Hands of the Ordinary who is hereby required to accept of the same and thereof to give notice to the

respective Patrons for the time being to the intent such Patron for the time being may present or collate de

Novo That then the same shall be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever and in such case the Patron for the time being shall and may if he thinke fitt present or collate againe

And bee it alsoe enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That such Ecclesiasticall person or persons soe presented collated or promoted to any Benefice or other Ecclesiasticall Dignitie or Promotion within the Kingdome of

England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede as aforesaid shall be exempted from all manner

of First fruits and Tenths which may become due any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 it 0.

v/.Z).16'88.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.30, 31.

95

CHAPTER XXX.

An Act to Repeale the Statute made in the fifth yeare of King Henry the Fourth against [the*] Multiplying Gold

and Silver.

WHEREAS by a Statute made and enacted in the Parliament held in the fifth yeare of the Raigne of King Henry the Fourth late King of England It was amongst other things enacted in these Words or to this Effect namely That none from thenceforth should use to multiply Gold or Silver or use the Craft of Multiplication and if any the same doe they should incurr the Paine of Felony And whereas since the makeing of the said Statute diverse persons have by their Study Industry and Learning arrived to great Skill and Perfection in the Art of Melting and Refineing of Metalls and otherwise improveing them and their Ores (which very much abound within this Realme) and extracting Gold and Silver out of the same but dare not exercise their said Skill within this Realme for feare of falling under the Penalty of the said Statute but exercise the said Art in Forreigne parts to the great Losse and Detriment of this Realme Bee it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled That from henceforth the aforesaid Branch Article or Sentence contained in the said Act and every Word Matter and Thing contained in the said Branch or Sentence shall be repealed annulled revoked and for ever made void any thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise whatsoever notwithstanding

Provided alwaves and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all the Gold and Silver that shall be extracted by the aforesaid Art of Melting and Refineing of Metalls and otherwise improveing of them and their Ores as before sett forth be from henceforth employed for noe other Use or Uses whatsoever but for the Increase of Moneys and that the place hereby appointed for the Disposall thereof shall be their Majestyes Mint within the Tower of London at which place they are to redeve the full and true value for their Gold and Silver soe extracted from time to time according to the Assay and Finenes thereof and soc for any greater or lesser weight And that none of that Metall of Gold and Silver soe refined and extracted be permitted to be used or disposed in any other place or places within their Majestyes Kingdomes and Dominions

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe Mine of Copper Tin Iron or Lead shall hereafter be adjudged reputed or taken to be a Royall Mine although Gold or Silver may be extracted out of the same.

CHAPTER XXXI.

An Additionall Act for the Appointing Commissioners for the • Executing an Act of this present Parliament Entituled An Act for a Grant to their Majestyes of an Ayde of Twelve Pence in the Pound for One Yeare for the necessary Defence of their Realmes.

WHEREAS in and by one Ad of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Aide of Twelve pence in the Pound for One Yeare for the necessary Defence of their Realms It is (amongst other things) Enacted That it should and might be lawfull for Their Majestyes to issue out or cause to be issued out under the Greate Seale of England such and soe many Commissions as Their Majestyes should think fitt and therein and thereby to Nominate Constitute and Appoint such and soe many Persons being Resident and haveing Reall Estates to the value of One hundred pounds a yeare in the respective Counties or Shires for which they should be soe Nominated to be Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution and alsoe soe many of them to be of the Quorum as Their Majesties should thinke convenient for the Execution of the said Act Which said Commissioners soe as aforesaid to be Nominated and Appointed should in the respective Countyes Cities Burroughs Divisions Townes and Places for which they should be Appointed Commissioners respectively meete together and should execute and performe several 1 Powers Authorities and Directions in and by the said Act given and Appointed. And whereas it falleth out That in diverse of the Counties Cities Burroughs Divisions Townes and Places for which Comissioners are to be Nominated and Appointed there are not a sufficient Number of Persons resident and haveing Reall Estates to the value of a hundred Pounds a Yeare and that are apt and able to putt the said Act in Execution whereupon Doubt and Question hath arisen whether or how the said Act may be executed in such places Therefore for certaine Declaration and Supply of the Law in this behalfe Bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament Assembled and by Authoritie of the same That it shall and may be Lawfull for Their Majestyes in and by their Commissions to be issued out under the Great Seale of England to Nominate Constitute and Appoint such and soe many other Persons to be Commissioners for putting the said Act. in Execution in the respective Counties Cityes Burroughs Divisions Townes and Places as Their Majesties shall finde to be necessary Provided that they be Persons resident within the said respective Places and that they have Estates of the value of One thousand pounds And that the said Persons soe Nominated Constituted and Appointed shall be Commissioners in like manner and shall have and execute the same Powers and Authorities Rules and Directions for the Assessing Ordering Levying and Colleding of the severall Sums of Money Limitted and Appointed to be paid by the said recited Act And for the effectuall putting the same in Execution as if they had Reall Estates to the value of One hundred Pounds a Yeare according to the said Act.

Rot. Pari, pt. 4. nu. 10.

5H.IV. c.4.

Repealed.

H.

Conditions of Repeal.

iil

What Mine not adjudged a Royal Mine.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. nu. I I.

Cap. 20. ante recited, as to Appointment of Commissioners to execute that Act.

In divers Counties not sufficient qualified Persons resident.

Their Majesties enabled to appoint such Persons in Counties, Cities, &c. to be Commissioners, as they shall find necessary.

Proviso, that such Persons be resident, and have Estates to the Value of o£i,oooo ; and in such Case they are enabled to execute the said Act, as though they had Real Estates of £100 pc»- Ann.

0. omits.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.32.

A.D. 1688.

Rot. Pari pt. 4. nu. 12.

Negligence of Officers in putting the Laws against Exportation of Wool, &c. in force, recited.

Wool carried to the Sea Coasts for Exportation, to be entered before carried to within Five Miles of the Coail.

Penalty'.

II.

Proviso for Persons carrying Wool from shearing.

Such Persons to certify such Wool to the Officer of the next Port.

Register of such Certificates.

Neglecting to make such Certificate, or removing before Certificate;

Penalty.

III.

Cocket for Exportation, and Certificate of Landing again, how to be made.

Wool to be weighed both at shipping and landing ; and Weights, &c. expressed in Cocket and Certificate.

IV.

Officers misbehaving; Penalty.

12 Car. II. c. 32.

13 & 14 Car. II. c. 18.

V.

Ports of Import and Export from Ireland.

VI.

Commissioners to execute the Act.

CHAPTER XXXII.

An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Woole and Encourageing the Woollen Manufactures of this

Kingdome

WHEREAS through the Remisnes and Negligence of Officers and others in not putting the Laws in Execution against the Exportation of Wooll Woolfells Mortlings Shorlings Yarne made of Wooll Woolflocks Fullers Earth Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay And alsoe by reason of the doubtfulnes of some Expressions in the Statute made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second diverse great Quantities of Wooll and other the things above mentioned have beene exported out of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland into France and other parts beyond the Seas which if not prevented for the future will tend to the utter Ruine and Undoeing of many thousands of their Majesties Subjects and the great Diminution of the Trade of this Kingdome For preventing whereof and for the better explanation and execution of the Laws made against the said Exportation and for the preventing Frauds generally practised to avoid the Penalties therein mentioned Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authorise of the same That all and every Owner of Wooll or their Agent or Agents that shall at any time carry or cause to be carryed any Wooll to any Port or place on the Sea Coasts with an intention to convey the same to any other Port or Place on the Sea Coasts within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or from the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede from whence the same may be shipped off or otherwise transported conveyed or carryed into Forreigne parts that the said Owner or Owners shall in the first place cause a due Entry to be made [of the said Wooll1] at the Port from whence the same shall be soe intended to be conveyed containing the exact Weight Marks and Numbers of the same before he or they presume to load or carry away any of the said Wooll within five miles of any such Port or place on the Sea Coasts from whence the same is [soe‘] to be conveyed And if any Wooll shall be carrying towards the Sea without being first entred in manner aforesaid the Wooll soe found as alsoe the Horse or Horses Cart Waggon or other Beasts or Carriages conveying the same shall be forfeited and lost And the person or persons carrying driveing aiding or abetting the same shall suffer and forfeit in such manner as by the Laws and [Statuts*] now in force against the Exportation of Wooll is provided.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enabled and declared That the foregoeing Clause is not intended nor shall be construed to extend to the hindering any person or persons from carrying his or their Wooll from the place of Shearing the same on Horses or by Carts and Waggons to his or their owne Dwelling House or Houses or Out-houses thereunto belonging though the same be within five miles or lesse of the Sea soe as such person or persons within [ten1] dayes after the Shearing of the said Wooll and before he or they remove or otherwise dispose of the same or any part thereof from the place where it was first carryed after Shearing doe under his or their Hands certifie to the Officers of the Customs in the next adjacent Port the true quantity of the said

Wooll (that is to say) of the number of Fleeces and where the same is housed and that such person or persons

doe not remove or otherwise dispose of the said Wooll to any other place without first certifying the Officer of such Port under his or their Hands of his intention to remove the same three dayes at least before such removeall And the Officer and Officers in the respective Ports and the Limitts of such Ports are hereby required to receive and keepe such Certificates and to make a Register of them But in case any such person or persons shall neglect to make and send such Certificate to the Officer or Officers of the next adjacent Port as aforesaid or shall remove or otherwise dispose of any of the said Wooll before such Certificate of his intention soe to doe be made and delivered as aforesaid such person or persons shall have noe benefitt by this Proviso but be lyable to the Penalties expressed in the foregoing Clause.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Cocquets for carrying Wooll from any Port within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or from the Port of Berwicke upon Tweede shall be written upon Paper and^ not Parchment and signed by three of the chiefe Officers of such respective Port at least And all Certificates of Landing the same againe in any other of the said Ports or from the Kingdome of Ireland shall be

signed in like manner and that all such Wooll both at Shipping and Landing shall be weighed in the presence of

the said Officers giveing such Cocquets and Certificates respectively and that the exact Weight Marks and Numbers of such Wooll soe shipped and landed shall be likewise particularly expressed in both Cocquet and Certificate

And bee it further enacted [and declared1] by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every such Officer and Officers as shall not observe the directions in this Act before mentioned on their parts to be performed shall be deemed and adjudged as Aiders and Abetters of the said Transportation and suffer the penalties contained in the Statutes made in the Twelfth and Fourteenth Yeares of King Charles the Second against Transportation of Wooll and other the things before mentioned

Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe Wooll shall be shipped from the Kingdome of Ireland but from these Ports following (viz1) Dublin Waterford Youghall Kingsale Corke and Drogheda And that noe Wooll shall be imported from the Kingdome of Ireland into any Ports but these following (viz*) Liverpoole Chester Bristoll Minehead Barnestaple Bidiford and Exeter

And for the better and more effectuall Execution of this and other Acts made against Exportation of Wooll bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Right Honourable Sir Thomas Pilkington Lord Mayor of the City of London Sir Henry Goodrick Baronet Sir Patience Ward Knight Sir Mathew Andrews Knight Sir Benjamin Newland Knight Sir John Mathews Knight Sir Peter Rich Knight Sir Robert Dashwood Sir William

4 interlined on the Roll.

‘ Statutes 0.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. &Mar. c. 32.

97

Portman Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Ashurst Baronet Sir William Ashurst Knight Sir Richard Newdigate Six* John Fleete William Harbord John Summers John Sandford Foot Onslow John Pollexfen Richard Brett William Cranmore Edward Mountague Esquires Samuell Hasle William Hasle senior John Parish John Voyer John Gibbon Bernard Carter Gentlemen Mr Mountague of Horton Sir Thomas [Samuell1] Baronet William Dugdale Esquire John Astley of Woley Esqs Sir William Langham Sir John Poley Knight Sir Benjamine AylofFe Baronet Sir Robert Jefferies Knight Sir John Lethuellier Knight Sir Gabrieli Roberts Knight Sir Samuell Dashwood Knight Sir Thomas Vernon Knight Nathaniell Tench William Hussey Thomas Canham William Gore Hugh Strode Samuell Meverell John Smith Thomas Firmin Arthur Moore William Crouch Thomas Heatley Thomas Sandis William Jolly Esquires Paris Slaughter Henry Cornish John Devinck Richard Scott David Prole Thomas Crandall Phillip Bickly John Paris Richard Harrison John Bustfield John Haines Edward Bickly Nicholas Brokeing William Sandford Benjamine Ivy Daniell Ivy Andrew Jeffery Thomas Turner Peter Parr Henry Newcomb Joseph Pince Mathew Ferris William Spry John Keese Senior John Monckly Junior William Wraford John Youat Robert Foster John Lavington Thomas Potter Robert Burridge John Upcott John Smith John Mudford or any five of them be authorized for putting this and other the said Laws in Execution who are hereby impowered from time to time by their Agents or Substitutes to be deputed under the Hands and Seals of any five or more of them to seize all Wooll Woolfells and other the things above mentioned which shall be endeavoured to be transported contrary to this Act and alsoe to sue and prosecute all persons offending against this or any the said Laws any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes That if any Owner of any Shipp or Vessell or any Master or Marriner knowing of the Exportation of any Sheeps-wooll Woolfells Mortlings Shorlings Tame made of Wooll Woolflocks Fullers Earth Fulling Clay or Tobacco Pipe Clay contrary to the true meaning of this and the other Acts above mentioned shall within three months next after the knowledge thereof or after his returne into the Kingdome of England or Ireland or to the said Towne of Berwicke or into the Dominion of Wales aforesaid give the first Information bona fide before any of the Barons for the time being of the Court of Exchequer in England or the Court of Exchequer in Ireland or before any three of the Commissioners appointed by this Act for the more effecluall putting in Execution this and other Laws made against the Exportation of Wooll or before the Head Officer of any Port where he shall first arrive upon his or their Oath of the Number and Quantity of such Sheeps Wooll [Woolfells1] Mortlings Shorlings Yarne made of Wooll Wooll Flocks Fullers Earth Fulling Clay or Tobacco Pipe Clay soe carryed conveyed or exported as aforesaid and by whome where and in what Shipp or Vessell and afterwards shall be ready upon reasonable Warning by Processe to justifie and prove the same That then such Owner and Owners Master Marriner and Marriners shall not be lyable or subject to any the Penalties or Forfeitures in this or any other Act contained or enacted for the Offence aforesaid but shall and is hereby enabled to recover and recieve such benefitt and advantages as is appointed to be allowed by the precedent Act or Acts Provided neverthelesse That the Powers given to the said Commissioners shall not hinder any person or persons lawfully authorized from seizing Wooll or prosecuteing any person offending against this or any former Act made against the Transportation of Wooll and other the things abovementioned

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Action Bill Plaint Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person for what he shall doe in pursuance of this Act such persons soe sued shall and may file a Common Baile or enter into a Common Appearance and plead the generall Issue Not Guilty And upon Issue joyned may give this Act in Evidence And if the Piaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him or if upon a Demurrer Judgement passe against him the Defendant shall recover treble Costs and Damages for his Molestation

And for the better Execution of the Powers granted by this Act Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That a Register be kept at the Custome House London of all the Wooll from time to time imported from Ireland and alsoe of what Wooll shall be sent from one Port to another in this Kingdoine, the particular Weights and Numbers the Shipp, Masters Name Owners Name and to whome consigned To the end the said Commissioners appointed to putt this Act in Execution may have an inspection thereinto or Copies thereof from time to time This Act to continue for three yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament

And for the better Encouragement of the Manufacture as well as the Growth of Wooll Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from henceforward it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person or persons whatsoever to buy any Cloath Stuffs Stockings or other Manufacture of Wooll made in the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and the same freely without any Molestation or Trouble whatsoever to export into any parts beyond the Seas paying the usuall Customs

Provided That nothing contained in this Act shall be construed to avoid the Chartars and Grants made to the Levant Company to the Eastland Company to the Russia Company to the African Company or to the Priviledges granted to them or any of them

[Provided alsoe and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to transport from the Port of Southampton onely for the onely use or behoofe of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Guernsey Jersey Alderney and Sarke and of the Woollen Manufactures there made one thousand Todds of unkembed Wooll for the Island of Guernsey two thousand Todds of unkembed Wooll for the Island of Jersey two hundred Todds of unkembed Wooll for the Island of Alderney and one hundred Todds of unkembed Wooll for the Island of Sarke more then by the said Act made in the Twelfth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second is directed and provided for the same to be done according to the same Rules Orders and Directions and under the like Penalties

• Samwell 0. * interlined on the Roll.

k

vn.

Owner of Ship, See. discovering undue Exportation,

not liable to Penalty, and entitled to Reward.

Persons authorized may seize Wool, &c.

VIII.

On Action commenced.

General Issue

Treble Costs.

IX.

A Register of Wool imported and sent coastwise.

Commissioners may insped the same.

Continuance of

a a.

X.

Woollen

Manufacture may be exported.

XI.

Saving to the Companies of their Charters.

XII.

Wool from Southampton may be exported to Guernsey, See.

A.D. 1688.

Exporting the same Wool from Guern*cy, &c.

Penalty.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. nu. 13.

I Jac.I.C.22. § 29-

Recital of Doubts whether certain Tanned Leather be a Ware within the said Act

what shall be made Ware within 1 Jac. I. c. 22. § 29.

II.

The Power of the Master, &c. of Curriers Company to search, &c. Leather.

III.

Red Tanned Leather how bought and sold.

IV.

Leather by V7eight good.

RoC. Pari. pt. 4. nu. 14.

Mischiefs from Importation of French Commodities and Manufactures.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 32—34.

and forfeitures as in the said Act is directed ordained appointed and inflicted and on the further penaltie of twenty pounds for every Todd of Wooll and forfeiture of the Woo 11 itselfe (one halfe thereof to his Majestie one quarter part thereof to the Informer and the other quarter part to the Poore of the said Islands) in case any person shall againe transport or attempt to transport any of the said Wooll from the said Islands for every Offence therein And alsoe that every person soe offending shall from and after the first Offence be incapeable of haveing or enjoying any Grant of any Wooll from the said Port of Southampton nor shall ever thereafter have any Warrant given or granted him for that purpose the said penalties to be recovered by such person as shall sue for the same by any Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint is to be allowed or any more then one Imparlance.']

CHAPTER XXXIII.

An Act for Explaining part of an Act made in the first yeare of King James the First concerning Tanned

Leather.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the first yeare of King James the First It was enacted That the Master and Wardens of the severall Mysteries of the Cordwainers Curriers Girdlers and Sadlers of the City of London for the time being or the major part of the said Master and Wardens of every the said severall Misteries under the penalty therein mentioned should foure times in the yeare at least (that is to say) once every quarter of the yeare or oftner if need should require search and view all Boots Shoes Buskins and other Wares and things whatsoever made of tanned Leather in all and every House and Houses place and places priviledged or not priviledged as well within the City of London and Suburbs thereof as in every other place within three miles of the same City where any Shoemaker Sadler Girdler Currier or other Artificer useing cutting working or dressing of Leather whether the same Bootes and Shoes Wares Stuffe or other things were made of tanned Leather and were wrought according to the purport effect and true meaning of the said Statute or not. And whereas some Doubts have beene made whether tanned Leather when and after it hath beene fully dressed and currycd by the Currier be a Ware within the said Statute and severall Suits of Law have been carryed on against the Master and Wardens of the Company of Curriers to their great Charge and Vexation and tending to the utter avoiding the good provision made in the said Statute for the due and lawfull currying and dressing of Leather and the Search and View thereof to be made as by the said Statute is required For the removeing therefore of all Doubts and that Search and View may be duely made according to the said Statute Bee it enabled by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That all and every Hyde Skin or Piece of tanned Leather Shaved or Liquored of what Colour soever with any lawfull Liquoring or Dressing and being well and truely curried according to the directions of the said Statute shall be adjudged reputed and taken to be the made Ware and Manufacture of the said Currier and subject to the View Search and Seizure of the said Master and Wardens or the major part as in and by the said Statute is provided and shall be lyable to be seized and subject to the same Penalties as other Wares insufficiently made of tanned Leather by the said Statute are lyable and subject unto

[Provided alwayes That nothing in this or any other Act shall extend to give any Power to the Master and Wardens of the Company of Curriers to visitt search or seize any Leather Hyde or Skin but such onely as shall be curryed or dressed within the City of London or three miles thereof by some Members of their owne Company nor in any other place but in the open Market or in the Shops Houses or Warehouses of such Curriers']

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for all Leather sellers Curriers Shoemakers and all other person and persons whatsoever that doe deale or worke in Leather freely to buy all sorts of Red tanned Leather in any open Faire or Market whether curryed or uncurryed the same being first searched and sealed according to the Forme of the Statutes in that case made and provided and haveing soe bought the same to sell it againe to any person or persons whatsoever in their publique and open Shopps or to cutt and convert the same into other made Ware according to their severall and respective Trades

[And bee it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons to buy or sell Leather Iiydes and Skinns by weight1] any Law Statute or other Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XXXIV.

An Act for Prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

FORASMUCH as your Majestyes upon just and honourable grounds have beene pleased to declare an actuall Warr with France and to enter into severall Confederacies for carrying on the same and that it hath beene found by long experience that the Importing of French Wines Vinegar Brandy Iannen Silks Salt Paper and other the Commodities of the Growth ProduCt or Manufacture of France or of the Territories or Dominions of the French King hath much exhausted the Treasure of this Nation lessened the value of the native Commodities

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

99

and Manufactures thereof and greatly impoverished the English Artificers and Handycrafts and caused great detriment to this Kingdome in generall Bee it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That from and after the foure and twentyeth day of August in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty nine none of the Commodities aforesaid or any other Goods or Commodities whatsoever of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King or any Goods Commodities or Manufactures made of or mixed with Silke Thread Woo 11 Haire Gold Silver Leather or other Goods or Commodities being of the Growth ProduCt or Manufacture of any the Dominions or Territories of the French King shall dureing or within the Terme of three yeares to be accounted from the said foure and twentyeth day of August or at any time or times before the end of the first Session of Parlyament next after the Expiration of the said three yeares be brought in by Land or shall be imported in any Shipp or Shipps Vessell or Vessells whatsoever into any Port Haven Creeke or other Place whatsoever in the Kingdoms of England or Ireland the [Dominion1] of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sarke or Isle of Man from any place or Port whatsoever either mixt or unmixt with any Commodity of the Growth or Product of any other Nation Place or Country whatsoever And that all and every Importation and Importations vending or selling or uttering or retailing of any French Wines Vinegar Brandy Linnen Silks Salt or Paper or other Comodities imported contrary to this Act or any of them shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be a common Nusance to this Kingdome in generall and to all their Majesties Subjects thereof And that if any French Wines Brandy Vinegar Lumens Silks Salt Paper or other Commodities whatsoever (mixt or unmixt) shall be imported contrary to this Act the same soe imported in whose Hands or Custodie or in what place soever they shall or may reinaine or be found or kept shall and may be forthwith seized and carryed by any person or persons whatsoever into their Majestyes Warehouse of the Port or place where such Goods shall be seized or to the Warehouse of the next Port Member or Creeke to the place of such Seizure And if any person or persons shall make any Claime to all or any part of the said Goods soe seized and brought in as aforesaid he shall be obliged to tender good and sufficient Security to answere the Penalties of the said Act and to make the said Claime within twenty dayes after such Seizure to the Collector or Customer or his sufficient Deputie where noe other Collector is established or to the Commissioners of the Customs in time of Vacation or within ten dayes in Terme time by delivery of a Bill to such Officer subscribed with his Name Addition and place of abode together with the particulars of the respective Goods by him soe claimed and date of such Claime and the Names of two or more such sufficient persons whome he shall propose and tender to be security with him to answere the Penalties of the said Act and every one of them being worth five hundred pounds at the least and to be approved of by the said Commissioners Collectors or Customers to whome the persons are alsoe to be tendred at the same time and if approved to give Bond unto their Majestyes in the penall summe of double the value of the Goods and the Penalties in this Act to answere the Value of the Goods and other Penalties in this Act and after such Security given the said Claime with the Names of the persons giveing such Security and the Summe and Date of the said Bonds to be registred in a Booke herein after mentioned to be kept in the Warehouse for that purpose and subscribed by the said Claimer and Collector or Customer to whome such Bill shall be delivered And in case Default shall be made in giveing such Security and makeing such Claime within the times limitted as aforesaid That then and in every such case the said Goods shall be adjudged deemed and taken to all intents and purposes to be imported contrary to this Act and to be forfeited to their Majestyes and shall within seven dayes after such default be destroyed in such manner as is herein after appointed but in case such Security shall be given and Claime made in manner as aforesaid an Information thereof shall the next Terme or sooner as soone as the Method and Course of Proceedings will admitt be exhibited into their Majestyes Court of Exchequer and all the Barons and Officers of the said Court of Exchequer are hereby required and striClly enjoyned to cause due speedy and effecluall Prosecution in the said Court of every such Information and not to grant any Writt of Delivery or Restitution for such Goods or any of them on any Security or pretence whatsoever untill the Cause shall be finally determined in Law by or upon the Verdict of a Jury of twelve good and lawfull Men to be returned by the proper Officers in the presence of a Commissioner of the Customs in London and in the presence of the principall Officer in such Out-Port where the Goods soe seized shall be brought and lodged as aforesaid Which Jury upon the Taste or View of any of the Commodities seized or stayd as aforesaid or upon proofe before them made shall and may judge the Quality and Value thereof and whether any of the Commodities soe seized and which of them were of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King or mixed with any Goods or Commodities of such Growth Product or Manufacture or were imported contrary to this Act and in what Shipp or Shipps Vessell or Vessells the same were imported and by whome the same were imported or vended retailed or sold and in whose Custodie they were at the time when the said Seizure or Stay wras made and whether the said Commodities or any of them or any part of them were of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the French King or mixed with any Goods or Commodities of such Growth Product or Manufacture and in case the said Jury shall finde and returne their VerdiCt upon their Oaths that the Commodities soe seized or stayd or any of them or any part of them or any of them were of the Growth ProduCt or Manufacture of any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King or mixed with any Goods or Commodities of such Growth ProduCt or Manufacture that then immediately Judgement shall be passed upon the Goods soe found and the Judgement executed accordingly (to witt) That all such Wines Vinegar and Brandies cr other liquid Commodities soe found whether single or mixt shall in some River Streame or Sea neare the place where they were soe seized or shall remaine in the Warehouses as aforesaid be there staved and spilt and destroyed and the said Linens Silks

Importation of French Commodities prohibited for Three Years;

such Importation a common Nuisance.

Such Commodities may 1* seized and carried to the King's Warehouse.

Persons claiming such Goods shall give Security to answer Penalty, otherwise such Goods deemed to be imported;

and after Security given. Claim and Security to be registered

on Default of giving Security and making Claim within a Tjme limited, Goods deemed imported.

If Security given, the Importation shall be tried in the Exchequer.

Jury may judge of the Quality of Goods on Taste or View, and ascertain what are French Commodities.

If Jury find the Goods to be French,

then such Goods shall be destroyed.

Dominions 0.

1° Gul. & Mar. c. 34.

A.D. 16S8.

0

Certificate of Destruction of Goods.

Saving such Goods. Penalty.

n.

Importing Goods.

Penalty.

Having such Goods in Custody.

ist Offence. Penalty.

2d Offence. Penalty.

Selling, £cc. such Goods.

Penalty.

Onus probandi to lie upon Importer, ftc.

And in Default of Proof, Judgment.

Informer acting by Collusion.

Penalty, j£$oo. All Officers to aid in executing this Act.

Such Goods to be put into the King's Warehouse.

Where and by whom they are to be viewed, registered, and accounted for.

Salt or Paper and other Commodities soe found by the said Jury (whether mixed or unmixed) shall be publickly burnt and destroyed in the open Fields or Streets neere the place where they were soe seized or shall remaine in the Warehouses as aforesaid in the presence of one of the Sheriffes of the City of London in the Port of London the Chiefe Magistrate in every other Port or place who are hereby required upon Notice of the Chiefe Officer of the Customs in such Port to be present at and assisting in the destruction of the said Goods to prevent all Abuses Hindrances or other Disturbances or Frauds in the destruction of the same as alsoe to open view taste and examine the said Commodities as to kinde quality and quantity according to the first Entry made in the Warehouse Booke and to joyne with the Collector Customer or his sufficient Deputy who are alsoe required to be present at the destruction thereof in a Certificate of the same to be entred in the said Booke under their Hands as aforesaid on the day of the destruction thereof And that noe person or persons whatsoever doe presume to take up or save any of the said Comodities soe adjudged to be spilt burnt or destroyed under the penalty of forty shillings over and above the value of the said Goods

And moreover it is further enacted That every person and persons that shall have imported the same shall forfeite the full value thereof according to the Rates and Prices hereafter in this Act respectively mentioned and every person and persons in whose Custodie the same shall be found at the time of such Seizure or Stay or that shall sell utter or retaile within the Kingdoms of England or Ireland Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or the Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sarke or Isle of Man any of the Commodities imported contrary to this Act shall for the first Offence forfeit the full Value thereof according to the Rates and Prices hereafter mentioned and for the second Offence (after Conviction for such first Offence) shall forfeit double the full value thereof according to the Rates aforesaid and shall alsoe after Conviction of such second Offence stand and be disabled and be incapeable in Law to beare or execute any Office or Employment for or concerning or relateing to the Collection or Managery of the Customs or any part of their Majestyes Revenue or any other Office or Publick Employment whatsoever And if any of the Commodities aforesaid whether they be single or mixt with any Commodity of the Growth or ProduCt of any other Nation Country or Place whatsoever imported contrary to this Act shall dureing the said Terme of three yeares or before the end of the Session of the next Parlyament after the end of the said three yeares upon any pretence whatsoever be vended sold retailed or uttered or be found or remaine within the Kingdoms of England or Ireland Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or Lsles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sarke or Isle of Man the same shall and may be seized by any person or persons whatsoever in whose Possession or Custodie soever they shall or may be found and like Informations thereof and Judgement and Execution for the destruction of them shall be had made and given as is before expressed And moreover every person in whose Custody or Possession they shall be found or that shall vend sell retaile or utter the same shall incurr the Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid to be recovered as herein is mentioned And if any Question Dispute or Doubt shall arise whether any of the Commodities aforesaid seized sold found or uttered as aforesaid or any part thereof either single or mixt were of the Growth ProduCt or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the French King or were imported contrary to this Act the Proofe shall be incumbent onely upon the Importer Claimer Owner Proprietor Seller and Retailer or such person or persons with whome the said Goods shall be folrnd respectively and not upon the Informer And for default of such Proofe that then a Judgement thereupon shall be given for the destruction of the said Commodities and for Recovery of the aforesaid Forfeiture and Execution of such Judgement shall be immediately granted and awarded according to the true intent and meaning of this Act without any stay or delay whatsoever And if any Informer or other person or persons shall take upon him or them to seize or prosecute any Goods or Commodities or any person or persons upon or by virtue or meanes of this present Act shall by Fraud or Collusion desist or delay the prosecution of the Condemnation of any the Commodities aforesaid after seizure or stay of the same or the Prosecution of any person or persons for any Offence against this Act he and they soe desisting or delaying shall for every such Offence upon due Conviction thereof forfeit the Summe of five hundred pounds And all Customers Searchers and other Officers belonging to the Customs And all Sheriffes Mayors Bailiffes Constables and other Officers shall be and are hereby striCUy injoyned and required to be aiding and assisting in the due Execution of this Act in reference to the Commodities aforesaid which are to be destroyed or disposed of as aforesaid And noe Commissioner or Commissioners Customer Surveyor Generali or Surveyor or other Officer or person whatsoever relating to the Customs shall signe suffer or allow of any Warrant free Warrant or Order for passing or delivery of any Goods prohibited by this Act either to any person or into any place whatsoever other then into one of their Majesties Warehouses there to remaine in safe Custody untill a Judgement or Condemnation in Law upon or touching the said goods be given and passed according to the true intent and meaning of this Act nor shall any Surveyor of the Land Waiters nor [Surveyer1] of the Tyde Waiters or Kings Waiter or Land-Waiter or other Officer or person whatsoever relateing to the Customs either by vertue colour or pretext of any Warrant or Order whatsoever take up or deliver any of the Goods prohibited by this Act or carry them or suffer them to be carryed to any other place then one of their Majestyes Warehouses there to remaine untill a Judgement or Condemnation upon or touching the said Goods be given and passed according to the true intent of this Act And all such Goods soe as aforesaid brought into any of their Majestyes Warehouses shall be forthwith viewed opened or examined in the presence of two or more principall Officers of that Port whereof the Collector Customer or Customers Deputy to be one and the Marks Numbers of each Vessell or Package and the Nature Kinde Quality Quantity and true Contents of the said Goods together with the time when they were soe brought in and the time of their delivery out of the said Warehouses shall by speciall direction of the Commissioners or other Chiefe Officers that shall have the Managery Direction or Collection of the Customs be fairly registred in a Booke to be kept for that purpose and for entry of the Claimes as is herein before directed and for noe other purpose

1 Surveyor 0.

101

whatsoever And every such Entry of each Seizure with the time of viewing opening and examineing thereof to be duely entred and subscribed by the Officers aforesaid and by the Warehouse-keeper or Surveyour where noc Warehouse-keeper is established Which Examination [alsoe shall'] be repeated and entred in manner aforesaid by the said Officers after Condemnation of the said Goods at the time of the delivery out of any the said Goods to be destroyed or otherwise disposed of and to be diligently compared with the first Entry to prevent any Fraud Change or Imbezelment And in case any shall be found upon such Examination or after deliver)' upon the destruction of the said Goods the same to be entred and subscribed in the said Booke by the principall Officer of the said Port not haveing Charge of the said Warehouse and true Copies of all the said Entryes and

Examinations with the Claimes as aforesaid as alsoe a true Certificate of the destruction of the said Goods signed

as aforesaid be from time to time transmitted by the Collector of the said Port unto the Comissioners Farmers

principall Officers or other persons haveing the Managery of their Majestyes Customs for the time being together

with the monthly Abstracts of the said Ports which shall be carefully filed and a distinct accompt kept thereof by the Register of the Seizures in the Port of London

And bee it further enacted That the said Goods or any of them be produced at any Tryall that shall be had for and in order to the Condemnation or destruction of the said Goods or touching the unlawfull importing thereof or for the Recovery of any Forfeiture or Penalty incurred by reason of the importing of such Goods contrary to this Act nor shall such Goods be delivered out of any of the said Warehouses by any Officer whatsoever relateing to the Customs untill a Judgement or Condemnation shall have beene given and passed upon or touching the said Goods other then to be produced at such Tryall as aforesaid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act

And forasmuch as the Commodities and Manufactures of the Territories and Dominions of the French King prohibited by this Act are often sold by persons not being knowne Merchants Vintners or Shopkeepers Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any person not being a knowne Merchant Vintner or Shopkeeper shall from and after the first day of September one thousand six hundred eighty nine sell or expose to sale or be found to have sold or exposed to sale any of the Commodities or Manufactures soe prohibited as aforesaid (and shall be thereof lawfully convicted by Indictment Information or otherwise in any of their Majestyes Courts of Record) shall over and above the penalties aforesaid suffer twelve months Imprisonment without Baile or Mainprize

And to the end the Prohibition and Restraint of Importation of the Commodities aforesaid hereby intended may be more effectually putt in Execution It is hereby further enacted That all and every Shipp or Vessell with all her Guns Tackle Apparell and Furniture in which any of the said French Wines Vinegar Brandy Linens Silks Salt Paper or other Commodities before mentioned shall after the said twenty fourth day of August and dureing the said Terme of three years or before the end of the next Session of Parlyament after the said three yeares be imported And alsoe all and every Barke Hoy Lighter Barge Wherry Boate Shipp or other Vessell whatsoever out of which the same or any of them shall be putt on shore shall be forfeit And moreover the Master Purser Boatswain or other person takeing care of such Shipp or Vessell for the Voyage or out of which any of the Commodities shall be unshipt into a Hoy Boate or Vessell or landed or putt on shore shall forfeit the Summe of five hundred pounds and alsoe being apprehended by Warrant of any one or more Justices of the Peace of the County City or Burrough where such Importation or Landing shall be or where the person or persons offending shall or may be found Which the said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized to issue and to examine Witnesses upon Oath concerning such Fa& and the same being proved by the Oath of two Witnesses shall and may be by such Justice of the Peace committed to the next Goale there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize for the space of twelve months And all and every the Seamen Mariners Watermen Carmen Porters Labourers or other persons whatsoever assisting in the unshipping landing takeing up carrying or conveying of any of the said Comodities either by Land or by Water shall upon Examination and Proofe as aforesaid be subject to like Imprisonment or be publickly whipt at the discretion of the Justice of Peace before whome such Conviction shall be And all and every the Carts Wains Waggons Carriages Ploughs Teams Horses or Oxen made use of assisting carrying or moveing in the Carriage or Conveyance of any of the said Goods or Commodities hereby prohibited to be imported shall and may be seized and stayd and upon proofe made before some Justice of the Peace of the County where the same shall be soe seized by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses (which Oaths the said Justice of the Peace is hereby impowered and required to administer) That the said Carts Wains Waggons Carriages Ploughs Teams Horses or Oxen respectively were made use of assisting carrying or moveing in the Carriage or Conveyance of any the said Goods and Commodities hereby prohibited to be imported the same shall be forfeited one halfe thereof to be disposed of to the use of the Poore of the Parish where the same shall be soe found and seized and the other halfe to his or their owne use that shall soe seize the same And if the Master Purser Boatswain or other person belonging to any Shipp or Vessell laden or part laden with any of the Commodities aforesaid shall after the said foure and twentyeth day of August unshipp or discharge or wittingly or willingly permitt or suffer any of the said Goods hereby prohibited to be unshipt or discharged either at Sea or in any Harbour Creeke or Bay of the Kingdoms aforesaid into any lesser Vessell Lighter Barge or Boate shall forfeit the Summe of five hundred pounds and suffer like Imprisonment as aforesaid

And bee it further enacted That noe sort of Brandy Aqua vite or other Spirits or distilled Waters of any Kingdome Country or place whatsoever shall after the said foure and twentyeth day of August be imported into the Kingdoms of England or Ireland aforesaid Dominion or Islands aforesaid under paine of forfeiture thereof as alsoe of the Shipp or Vessell wherein the same shall be imported

Seizures,

Examinations, &c. to be entered and subscribed by Officers.

Copies of Entries, &c. and Certificate of Destruction of Goods, to the Commissioners of the Customs.

III.

The Goods not to be delivered out of the Warehouse till Judgment, except for Product ion at Trial.

IV.

Pei son, not being a Merchant, &c. selling such Goods

Punishment.

V.

Ship importing, forfeited;

and also Lighters, Sec. employed. Master, Seamen, it c. importing

Penalty, ^£500 and Punishment.

Seamen, Carmen, &c. assisting in unshipping and conveying such Goods ; Punishment. Carts, Stc. bringing such Goods, forfeited.

Master, &c. of Ship letting go such Goods

Penalty, .^£500 and Imprisonment.

VI.

All Brandy, &c. prohibited j

Penalty.

1 shall alsoe 0.

D d

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. c.34.

VII.

The Value of Goods to be according to the Book of Rates;

12 Car. II. the Goods not there settled to be valued by a Jury, except Wine, which is 0^30 per Tun, and Brandy 3640.

In case of Condemnation, the Value of the Goods to be determined by a Jury.

VIII. Third Part of the Value given to Prosecutor.

IX.

Division of the Part of Penalty not before disposed of.

Prosecution to be at the King's Charge.

X.

Foreigner, &c. claiming to give Security.

0

XL

Officer conniving at Importation;

Penalty ^500.

Punishment.

XII.

Person authorized may search any House, and break open Doors, &c.

XIII.

Attorney General, or any Person seizing the Commodities, may prosecute.

Action for executing A&.

And it is hereby further enacted That where any Forfeitures or Penalties are given by this Act upon the Value of the Goods hereby prohibited that the Values and Prices of the said Goods and Commodities although the same are to be destroyed are to be and shall be reckoned stated and esteemed as followeth (that is to say) The value and price of every Ton of Wines thirty pounds the value and price of every Ton of Brandy forty pounds and soe after that Rate for a greater or lesser quantity And that the value and price of all other the Commodities aforesaid which are rated in the Booke of Rates made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of his late Majestie King Charles the Second shall be esteemed according to the Rate Price or Value at which they are valued in the same Booke of Rates And that the value and price of all other the Commodities aforesaid not rated in the said Booke of Rates shall be enquired and determined by the Jury that shall try the Cause or which shall be impannelled to inquire whether the said Goods were of the Growth Production or Manufacture of the French Kings Dominions and the Values above stated and those returned by the said Jury which shall be esteemed according to the Value the said Goods would have borne if they were not to have beene destroyed shall be the stated Values thereof And in case of Condemnation by Default the Value to be enquired and determined by a Jury to be returned before the Mayor or Bayliffe of the City or Towne Corporate or before the next Justice of the Peace of the County where the same Goods shall happen to be brought and the Forfeitures imposed by this Act upon any person or persons relateing to the Values of any of the said Goods shall be reckoned accordingly

And for the Encouragement of all such whether Officers of the Customs or others that shall effectually putt in Execution the Prohibition hereby intended by seizing and prosecuteing the Goods aforesaid to Condemnation and Destrudion and alsoe by prosecuteing all or any other the Offences or Offenders against this Act It is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every such person and persons soe prosecuteing shall be recompensed and rewarded with one third part of the value of all the Goods by him or them soe prosecuted to Condemnation and Destrudion as aforesaid to be paid unto them by the Owners and Proprietors of the said Goods soe imported

And it is hereby further enacted That all the Residue of the Forfeitures and Penalties before in this Act mentioned and provided (and not before distributed and disposed of) shall be divided into three severall parts two third parts thereof to their Majestyes their Heires and Successors and the other third part to such person and persons as shall seize or sue for the same by Bill Plaint or Information in their Majestyes Court of Exchequer or in any other their Majestyes Courts of Record wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed The Charge of which Suite and Prosecution shall be borne by their Majestyes their Heires and Successors and issued by the Receiver Generali or Cashire of their Majesties Customs by Warrant from the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being as there shall be occasion

And for the avoiding of Fraud Vexation and Delay in prosecuting the said Goods or Shipps to Condemnation by entring Claimes in false or unknowne Names or in the Names of absent persons It is hereby further enacted That noe Forreigner or other person be admitted to claime any of the said Goods or Commodities which shall be seized or stayed as aforesaid untill Security first given to the satisfaction of the Collector of such Port where the said Goods shall be brought and lodged as aforesaid to answere such Penalties or Forfeitures as shall be incurred by him as the Importer of the said Goods or which the Owner Importer or Possessor of the said Goods or Commodities as shall or may be subbed or lyable to by force or vertue of this Act or the true meaning thereof

And bee it further enacted That if any Officer or person of or belonging to the Customs shall by Fraud or Corruption connive at the Importation of any of the Commodities aforesaid contrary to the true meaning of this Act he shall not onely forfeit the Summe of five hundred pounds to be recovered as aforesaid but be made incapeable of any Office or Employment under their Majestyes their Heires and Successors and alsoe forfeit the Penalties of such Bonds wherein they stand obliged to their Majestyes for the true performance of their Trust as Officers of the Customs

And for the more effectuall discovery and seizure of any of the Commodities aforesaid It shall and may be lawful 1 to and for any person or persons whatsoever authorized by Writt of Assistance under the Seale of their Majestyes Court of Exchequer to take a Constable Headburrough or other publick Officer inhabiting neare unto the place and in the day time to enter and goe into any House Shopp Cellar Warehouse or Roome or other place and in case of Resistance to breake open Doores Chests Trunks or other Package there to seize and from thence to bring to their Majestyes Warehouse any of the Commodities aforesaid prohibited by and imported contrary to this A &

And for the more speedy and effectuall Prosecution of the Offences and Offenders against this Act Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for their Majestyes Attourney Generali and all and every other person and persons that shall seize or stay any of the Goods or Comodities aforesaid or prosecute any of the Offences or Offenders against this Act to lay his or their Information or Action and to try the same in such place or places and to use such and the like Method and Course of Proceedings in prosecuteing and condemning of the Goods or Commodities aforesaid as is in this Act directed are have beene or may be used in or about the seizing trying condemning or prosecuteing of any Goods or Commodities for Non-payment of Customs or other Duties or any person or persons for offending against any the Laws or Statutes relateing to the Customs and that if any Action or Suite shall be brought or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in or about the Prosecution or putting in Execution this present Act or any of the

103

Powers therein It shall and may be lawfull to and for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suite to plead the generall Issue and to give the speciall Matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiffe or Plain tiffes in any such Action or Suite shall discontinue or delay the prosecution thereof or shall become Nonsuite or that a Verditt or Judgement shall passe against him or them that then the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action or Suite shall recover his and their treble Costs and shall have Judgement and Execution for the same in such sort and manner as Defendants by any the Laws and Statutes of this Realme shall or may have for Costs

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the first day of September one thousand six hundred eighty nine none of the Goods Commodities or Manufactures prohibited by this Act shall be imported from the Islands of Guernsey Jersey Alderney Sarke and Man or any of them into any of the Ports Creeks or Havens of England Ireland Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede under the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That Gilbert Heathcote and Arthur Shallott of London Merchants or either of them have leave to import into the Port of London any Quantity of Spanish Brandy not exceeding two hundred Ton at most paying to their Majestyes all Dutyes payable for the same before this Session of Parlyainent importing the same at or before the five and twentyeth of March one thousand six hundred and ninety and not Iesse then fifty Ton thereof in any one Vessell and produceing a Certificate and Testimoniall from the Governour of Catalonia and the English Consull there together with an Affidavit of the Distiller made before the said Governour that it is all Brandy made of Wine of the Growth of Spainc and likewise the severall Affidavits of the Master Mate and Purser of such Shipp and Shipps as shall import the said Brandyes that the same was taken in at Sallow one of the Sea ports of the Province of Catalonia aforesaid any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided that noe person shall sell at or demand a greater Price for any French Wines or Wines soe reputed or other Wines mixed with any French Wines from and after the tenth day of September one thousand six hundred eighty nine to the tenth'day of September one thousand six hundred and ninety then twelve pence by the Quart and from and after the said tenth day of September one thousand six hundred and ninety the Summe of six pence the Quart and noe more and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity upon penaltie of forfeiting for every Quart for which a greater price than what is above mentioned is either demanded or taken the Summe of five pounds for the first Offence to the Informer and the Summe of ten pounds for the second and every other

Offence to the Informer to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majestyes

Courts of Record wherein no Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed or any more then one Imparlance

And it is hereby enacted That from and after the tenth day of September one thousand six hundred eighty

nine noe Vintner or Retailer of Wines whatsoever shall sell or utter any Wines by Retail other then by and in

Measures made of Pewter and sealed according to the Statute under the paine and penaltie of five pounds for every such Offence to the Informer to be levyed and recovered in any of such Courts and in such manner as aforesaid

[And for the preventing of the Mischiefs which may be occasioned by the sophisticating corrupting and adulterating of Wines dureing such time as they are by this Act allowed to be sold Bee it enacted That if any Merchant Vintner Wine-Cooper or other person selling Wine by Wholesale or Retaile shall corrupt sophisticate or adulterate any Wine or shall utter or sell any Wine corrupted sophisticated or adulterated such person shall forfeit the Sum of three hundred pounds for every such Offence the one moyety thereof to their Majesties and their Successors and the other moyety thereof to such person as shall sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law or more then one Imparlance shall be allowed and alsoe shall suffer Imprisonment by the space of three months without Baile or Mainprize.']

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

XIV.

Goods prohibited not to be imported from Guernsey, kc.

Penalty.

XV.

G. Heathcote and Arthur Shallot, &e. licensed to import not exceeding 2CO Tuns of Brandy.

A flidavits on such Importation.

XVI. Rate of French Wine settled.

First Offence, Penalty £$.

Ever)' succeeding Offence act o.

XVII.

Retailers to sell Wine in Pewter Measures scaled. Penalty

XVIII. Selling sophisticated W ine;

Penalty ^300.

( 104 )

Anno 1° GULIELMI & MARINE, A.D. 1688.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SECOND SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

In the FIRST Year of the Reign of K. ^VILLIAM and Q. MARY.

<£x &otulo i&arliamentt De 3nno regnt dPuUeimt et $9artae, 0rtmo.

Rst. Pari. pi. 2.

The Reasons for granting the King and Queen a Subsidy.

Grant to the King and Queen of 28. in the Pound on Personal Estate for One Year, on the Yearly Value.

II.

Public Officers (Military and Navy Officers in Muster or Pay excepted,) and their Clerks, See. to pay 2s. in the Pound on Fees or Profits.

IN Parliamento tent* apud Westmonasteriu tertio decimo die Februarii Anno Domini millessimo sextentessimo octagessimo octavo Anno Regni Serenissimi Domini nostri Gulielmi et Marie Anglie Francie et Hibemie Regis et Regine Fidei Defensor* &c. primo commni omniu Dominoru et Comunitatis consensu et Regie Majestatis assensu (inter alia) Sancitu ina<Titatu et Stabilitu suit hoc sequens Statutu videlicet

CHAPTER L

An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Ayd of Two shillings in the Pound for One Yeare.

WEE Your Majestyes most Dutyfull and Loyail Subjects the Commons in Parlyament assembled haveing entred into a Serious Consideration of the Extraordinary Occasions which Engage Your Majestyes into a great and present Expence for the necessary Defence of Your Realmes for the Reduceing of Ireland and for the Vigorous Prosecution of the Warr against France both by Sea and Land and being desireous to Raise proportionable Aids and Supplyes Doe humbly Present Your Majestyes with the Free Gift of the Rates and Assessments herein after mentioned And beseech Your Majestyes That it may be Enacted And bee it Enabled by the King and Queenes most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That Their Majestyes shall have and receive the Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned of and front every Person Spirituall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree soever he or they be Which said Rates or Assessments shall be Taxed Assessed Levyed and Paid into Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer according to the Tenor of this Act and in Manner and Forme following (That is to say) That all and every' Person and Persons Bodies Politique and Corporate Guilds and Fraternities within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweedc haveing any Estate in ready Moneys or in any Debts whatsoever oweing to them within this Realme or without or haveing any Estate in Goods Wares Merchandizes or other Chattells or Personall Estate whatsoever within this Realme or without belonging to or in trust for them (except and out of the Premisses dedutSled such Summes of Money as he or they doe bona fide owe and such Debts as shall be adjudged desperate by the Commissioners appointed by this Act And alsoe the Stocke upon Lands and such Goods as are used for Housholdstuffe) shall Yield and Pay unto Their Majestyes Two Shillings in the Pound according to the true Ycarely Value thereof for One Yeare (That is to say) For every Hundred pound of such ready Money and Debts and for every Hundred pounds worth of such Goods Wares Merchandizes or other Chattells or Personall Estate the Summe of Twelve Shillings And soe after that rate for every greater or lesser Summe or Quantity to be Assessed Levyed and Collected in manner hereafter mentioned.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons Commissioner or Commissioners Haveing Useing or Exerciseing any Publicke Office or Imployment of Profitt (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muster or Pay in Their Majestyes Army or Navy onely Excepted) And all and

every their Agents Clerks Secondaries Substitutes and other Inferior Ministers whatsoever shall Yield and Pay unto

Their Majestyes the Summe of Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings which he or they doe Receive in One Yeare by vertue of any Fees or Profits to him or them accrueing for or by reason or occasion of their severall

Offices or Imployments to be Assessed Imposed Levyed and Collected in such manner as hereafter is

mentioned.

i

A. DAG88.

1° Gul. & Mar. Scss.2. c. 1.

105

And to the end a further Aide and Supplie for Their Majestyes Occasions may be Raised by a Charge upon Ill-

all Lands Tenements and Hereditaments with as much Equality and Indifferencie as is possible by a Pound-Rate of 2"the^PountF^ Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings of the true Yearely Value for One Yeare onely and noe longer Bee it for One Year, further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Mannours Messuages Lands and Tenements as alsoe all Quarries Mines of Coale Tin or Lead Iron Works Salt-Springs and Salt Works all Allom Mines or Works All Parks Chases Warrens Woods Underwoods Coppices and all Fishings Tythes Tolls Annuities and all other yearely Profitts and all Hereditaments of what Nature or Kinde soever they be Scituate Lying Being Happening or Ariseing within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or within any the Counties Cities Burroughs Townes Divisions Rideings Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and Places thereof as well within Auntient Demesne and other Liberties and Priviledged Places as without shall be and are hereby Charged for One Yeare onely and noe longer with the Summe of Twro shillings for every Twenty shillings of the

full yearely Value and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser Value And all and every Person and Persons Persons, bodies

Bodies Politick and Corporate Guilds Misteries Fraternities and Brotherhoods whether Corporate or not Corporate Corporate, Guilds, Haveing or Holding any Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments or other the Premisses shall yield and or

pay unto Their Majesties the Summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings by the yeare which the said holding Lands, &c. Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and other the Premisses are now worth to be Leased if the at thclr'fiill

same were truely and bona fide Leased or Demised at a Racke Rent and according to the full true Yearely present yearly ^ Value thereof without any respeck had to the present Rents reserved for the same if such Rents have beene R^n°tc.at 3 Kaclc reserved upon such Leases or Estates made for which any hine or Income hath beane paid or secured or have beene lessened or abated upon Consideration of Money laid out or to be laid out in Improvements And without without Respeck to any respetf had to any former Rates or Taxes thereupon Imposed or makeing any Abatement in respeCk of Allowamre^for^ Reparations Taxes Parish Dutyes or any other Charges whatsoever Which said Summe of Two shillings for every Repairs, &c. Twenty shillings by the Yeare of the said true yearely value of the Premisses shall be Assessed Levyed and Assessment paid Collected in manner hereafter mentioned and shall be paid into the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer by ^chequer010

Foure Quarterly Payments The first Payment thereof to be made upon the Five and Twentyeth day of March

which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety.

And whereas many of the Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Tithes Hereditaments or Premisses intended Landlords may

by this Act to be Charged with the Pound-Rate as aforesaid stand incumbred with or are subject and lyable ™tain * f

to the Payment of severall Rent Charges or Annuities issueing out of the same or to the Payment of diverse Fee Farm and

Fee-Farme-Rent.s Rent-Service or other Rents thereupon Reserved or Charged by reason whereof the true Owners

and Proprietors of such Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses doe not in truth Receive to their owne use the true yearely value of the same for which neverthelesse they are by this Act Charged to pay the full Pound Rate of Two shillings for every Twrenty shillings of the true yearely value It is therefore Declared and Enatked by the Authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Landlords Owners and Proprietors of such Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses as are Charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid to abate and deduct and to retaine and keepe in his or their Hands Twro shillings in the Pound for every Fee-farme Rent and other Annuall Rent or Payment Charged upon or Issueing out of the pmisses or any part thereof or thereupon Reserved And all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be any way Intitled to such Rents and Annuall Payments are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the residue of such Moneys as shall be due and payable to them for such Rents or Annuall Deductions. Payments Reserved or Charged as aforesaid.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the better Assessing Ordering Levying and Commissioners Collecting of the severall Summes of Money soe as aforesaid limitted and appointed to be Paid and for the more appointed, effectuall putting of this present Act in Execution all and every the Persons hereafter named shall be Commissioners of and for the severall and respective Counties Cities Burroughes Townes and Places hereafter mentioned.

other Annual Rents charged on Lands, &c.

Persons intitled to such Rents, are to allow such

For the County of Bedford

The Honourable Edward Russell the Honourable Robert Russell the Honourable Robert Bruce the Honourable Charles Leigh Esquires Sir William Gostwicke Sir John Napier Sir John Cotton Sir John Burgoyne Sir Rowland Alston Sir Villiers Charnocke Sir John Osborne Baronets Sir William Becher Sir Francis Wingate Sir William Francklin Sir John Mordant Sir John Francklin Sir James Astree Masters in Chancery Knights William Duncomb Oliver Luke William Botelcr Lewis Moneux Thomas Browne Benjamin Conquest Samuell Cater Thomas Hillersden John Osborne William Farrer senior William Foster Thomas Cheyne William Palmer Richard Stone Edward Stone John Vaux George Abbott John Cockayne Nicholas Spencer Richard Edwards Brooke Bridges John Delafontaine George Edw'ards Thomas Bromsall Ralph Bromsall Walter Carey Robert Mountague Gaines Squier Henry Astley junior Humphry Fish Charles Gery William Farrer junior Samuell Bedford Robert Audley William Daniell St John Thompson Richard Orlebar of Harrold John Harvey of Thurley Thomas Cri>tie Mathewr Denis Thomas Halfpeny Samuell Rhodes William Livesay John Wagstaffe William Simcotts Nicholas Granger William Whitcbread Richard Orlebar of Hinwick John Davis William Boteler of Wootton Esquires William Crow George Nodes Gentlemen Thomas Palmer Doctor of Physicke George Cobb, Gentleman Brandrife Samuell Ironside Esquires.

For the Towne of Bedford

William Becket Mayor Thomas Hillersden Esquire William Foster Do£kor of Lawes Thomas Christie Esquire John Beaumont Thomas Margetts John Hawes William Manley William Faldoe senior John Crawley and William Bainforth Gentlemen.

Names of the Commissioners.

E e

106

v4.]).\688.

1° Gul. & Mar.

Sess. 2. c.l.

For the County of Berks

The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill and Speaker of the House of Commons Henry Earle of Sterling in the Kingdome of Scotland Mountague Lord Norris Sir Humphry Foster Sir John Stonehouse Sir Thomas Draper Sir William Rich Sir Henry Winchcombe Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Edmond Fettiplace Sir John Hobby Sir Anthony Craven Sir Henry Henn Sir Willoughby Aston Sir William Kendrick Sir Edward Read Baronets Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Pye Sir Algemoon May Sir Edward Norris Sir Christopher Wrcnn Sir William Whitlocke Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Thomas Dolman Sir Jemmett Raymond Knights John Blandy Henry Barker Henry Nevile John Archer Richard Nevile Richard Aldworth William Cherry Edmond Fettiplace Tanfield Vachell Edmond Pye Henry Kingsinill James Stonehouse Charles Garrard John Blagrave Loftes Brightwell Paul Calton Henry Fairefax James Paul Charles Fettiplace Thomas Pettit Paul Calton junior John Hippe.sly Samuell Whitlocke Richard Pye Thomas Fettiplace James Perrot Edmond Wiseman Henry Heyling Roger Draper Thomas Medlicot John Hobby Simon Harcourt John Whitfield John Hayes Edward Sherwood Richard Southby John Southby Thomas Southby Thomas Lee Francis Wight John Wightwick Thomas Dolman Thomas Seymour Thomas Tipping Roger Knight John Topham Richard Jennens William Jennens Robert Mayott John Vemey John Wildman Senior John Wildman Junior Richard Brickenden Alexander Blagrave Arthur Anslow Thomas Garrard Thomas Harwood Hern*)' Battin Thomas Hoard Nathan Knight Bartholomew Tipping John Fincher Phillip Weston John Edmonds Robert Leigh George Blagrave John Deane Bolton James John Peacock John Jennens of Stanford John Dew John Dalby Richard Knapp John Loder Thomas Loder John Pottinger of Sadbury Sebastian Lyford Edward Read Edward Lovedon Thomas Read Thomas Brompsteed Richard Palmer Francis Parry Richard Stephens Esquires Moses Bruch Doctor in Physicke Ralph Howland Esquire John Bigg Moses Slade Charles Calverley Thomas Stephens Edward Brackstone George Lamport Robert Selwood Thomas Barker Richard Fishbome Henry Peacocke Thomas Harrison Thomas] Edmonds Richard Cooper Thomas Cowslade Silas Sebroe Giles Pocock Charles Peacocke John Tomkins John Pocock of Streatley and Richard Mathews Gentlemen the Mayor of Reading the Mayor of Newberry the Mayor of Windsor the Mayor of Abingdon the Mayor of Wallingford the Alderman of Ockingham.

For the Burrough of New Windsor

The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill and Speaker of the House of Commons the Mayor for the time being Sir Algemoon May Knight John Topham Esquire Moses Brooch Doctor of Physicke Fishbume Gent Silas Seaborough Alderman Thomas Staples

Steward.

For the County of Bucks

Anthony Lord Faulkland Richard Lord Wenman Thomas Wharton Esquire Richard Hambden Esquire Henry Bertie Esquire Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Thomas Tyrrell Sir Walter Clarges Sir Anthony Chester Sir Richard Adkins Sir Thomas Proby Sir William Bowyer Sir Ralph Verney Sir William Drake Sir Henry Andrews Sir Thomas Lee Sir William Dormer Sir Joseph Alston Sir Dennis Hampson Sir Peter Tyrrell Baronets Sir Robert Gayer Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Clayton Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Roger [Hill*] Sir Peter Apsley Sir John Tompson Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Sir James Etheredge Sir Purbecke Temple Knights John Thurbarne Sergeant at Law William Jephson Thomas Lee John Hampden Edmond Waller Richard Beke William Penn Thomas Hacket Alexander Denton Arthur Warren Thomas Piggott John Eddowes Joseph Haynes Ralph Lawton Francis Duncomb of Broughton Owen Norton John Parkhurst Thomas Lewes senior Thomas Lewes junior Robert Lovett Thomas Barringer John Backwell Edmond Umphreville Knightley Purefoy Roger Price John Whiterong Richard Greenville Bud Wayes Basill Brent Edmond Verney Richard Atkins Charles Stafford Richard Ingolsby Christopher Egleton Thomas Egleton Robert Dormer Edmond Waller of Gregories Edward Nicholas Nicholas Salter William Fleetwood Robert Stiles Edmond Dorrell Henry Neale William Farrer Thomas Farrer senior Thomas Farrer junior Simon Mayne Robert Dormer of Lee John Tyrringham William Busby John Duncomb of Great Brickhill Henry Herbert James Herbert John Shalcrosse George F.velin Joseph Haynes Henry Sumner senior Henry Sumner junior John Archdale John Topham Thomas Carter of Weston Charles Tyrrell

James Tyrrell Edward Bates Thomas Ligoe Thomas Beard Edward Baldwin Richard Meade Robert Hart William

Crooke John Chase James Chase Henry Cave senior Henry Cave junior Richard Dorrell Stephen Chase senior Bartholomew Beale Henry Berry Benjamine Lane Richard Nicholls Esquires William Hill senior William Mill junior John Grubb Richard Smith Thomas Smith of Beaconsfield Henry Harris Robert Gaynsford Hugh Horton Richard Whitcchurch Henry Gold Francis Duncomb Roger Chapman Thomas Chapman Christy Paul Dorrell

Mathew Butterfield John Gibbons Robert Weedon Richard Baldwin William Cleaver Thomas Gibson Timothy Doyley John Sparkes Richard Barnaby senior George Alnot William Johnson of Oulney Thomas Corter John Theed John

Scare Thomas Hudson Henry Cooley Gentlemen John Tanner Doctor of Physicke.

For the Towne of Buckingham

The Bayliffe for the time being Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Ralph Verney Knight and Baronet Alexander Denton Edward Andrews Edmond Dorrell Esquires Hugh F.thersay George Dancer William Hartley John Rogers Pelham Sandwell Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Chipping Wycombe.

The Mayor Recorder Aldermen Bayliffes and Towne Clerke for the time being William Jephson Esquire and Thomas Lewes Esqs.

* Hell O.

i

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

For the County of Cambridge

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Edward Russell Esquire one of his Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Thomas Chicheley Knight Sir Christopher Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir Levinns Bennet Sir Rushout Cullen Sir John Cutler Baronets Sir Robert Cotton Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Knights John Willis John Bennet John Cutts Devereux Martin Phillip Cotton William Russell Granado Pigott Edward Nightingale Samuell Clerke John Miilescent Samuell Fortery Thomas Ducket John Hagar William Layer senior Thomas Story Edward Leeds Thomas Archer Gilbert Wigmore Anthony Thompson William Layer junior Charles Baron [Thomas Daye'] Thomas Bucke Tyrell Dalton Esquires Robert Flacke Robert Baron Gentlemen.

For the University and Towne of Cambridge

The Vicechancellor the Mayor for the time being Sir Thomas Chichely Knight Sir John Cotton Baronet Sir Robert Sawyer Knight the Honourable John Mountague Doctor of Divinity Joseph Beaumont George Chamberlaine John Covell Thomas Smolt Thomas Bainbridge Doctors of Divinity George Oxenden William Cooke Roderick Doctors of the Civill Law Isaac Newton Andrew Pern Esquires Samuell Newton Thomas Story Isaac Watlington John Ewen Thomas Fowles Fox Aldermen Robert Drake Gen?.

For the Isle of Ely

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Doctor Spencer Deane of Ely Sir Sewster Payton Baronet Sir Lyonell Walden Sir William Wren Knights William Cooke William Balaam Henry Hitch Doctors of Civill Law William Colvile Thomas Edwards Roger Jennings Sigismond Trafford Thomas Wiseman Everade Buckworth Lawrence Hewer alias Oxborough William March John Painplin Henry Goodrick Esquires Samuell Forteray Mai borne Caryll John Twelves Ralph Peirson Thomas Towers Esquires Robert Drake Michaell Beale Gentlemen Robert Swaine Richard Reade Harrison Roger Jennings junior Esquires Richard

Russell Thomas Benyon Richard Peachy Gen?.

For the County of Chester

Richard Lord Viscount Colchester Sonne and Heire Apparent to Thomas Earle Rivers Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent of Charles Earle of Maclesfield Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent of James Earl of Abingdon Thomas Needham Esquire Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Thomas Delves Sir Willoughby Aston Sir Thomas Powell Sir Peter Warburton Sir William Drake Sir John Mainwaring Baronets Sir Robert Cotton Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Bellott Sir Richard Brookes Sir Roger Puleston Sir Robert Duckenfield Sir John Worden Baronets Sir John Crew Sir John Trevor Sir Joshua Allen Knights Thomas Delves Thomas Leigh of Adlington Nathaniell Booth Peter Leigh of Lyme William Lawton of Lawton Roger Whitley John Warren Peter Leigh of Booths George Booth George Vernon Richard Lister Thomas Lee of Dernhall Roger Wilbraham Thomas Daniell Richard Leigh Augustine Leigh Thomas Whitley John Lawton Thomas Aldersey Thomas Masterson Samuell Davenport John Brewen Williii Glegg of Gayton Charles Hurleston Roger Manwaring Thomas Swettenham Peter Brookes Robert Lee John Pickering Joseph Hockenhall William Whitmore William Davenport of Bromhall John Davenport Samuell Hardaware Thomas Warburton Robert Warburton (*) Henry Bradshaw of Marple William Minshull John Baskervile John Leech William Glegg of Grange Richard Wright of Namptwich Lawrence Wright of Mobberley John Goldsmith John Dod of Highfields John Wright of Brewers Hall Richard Minshull Thomas Cooper John Hardawere John Traverse Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Chester.

The Mayor for the time being Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir John Mainwareing Baronet George Booth Roger Whitley (J) Esquires William Streete Richard Wright Henry Lloyd John Anderson George Mainwareing Peter Edwrards Aldermen Edward Wynne John Wright Thomas Cooper Richard Minshull Esquires The Sheriffes for the time being Richard Bridge Thomas Hand Thomas Wright Robert Denteth Robert Murrey Michaell Johnson and Timothy Deane Gentlemen.

For the County of Cornwall

Hugh Boscawen Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Bernard Greenvile Esqs Francis Robarts Esquire Sir Bourcher Wray Sir John Carew Sir Violl Vivian Sir John Coriton Sir William Godolphin Sir Peter Killigrew Sir Nicholas Slanning Sir John St Aubin Sir William Morrice Sir John Moleswoorth Baronets Sir Joseph Tredenham Sir Walter Moile Sir John Cotton Sir John Tremayne Knights Colonel! Charles Trevanion Collonell Charles Trelawney Collonell Henry Trelawney Samuell Rolle Collonell John Specket Daniell Elliott Jonathan Rashleigh John Buller senior John Tanner John Prideaux Walter Kendall Joseph Sawle Thomas Darrell Nicholas Glynn John Vivian senior John Vivian junior Francis Vivian Edward Herle John Connock Humphrey Nicholl Arthur Fortescue Hugh Fortescue Humphrey Courteney Edward Ellyott William Mohun John Kendall John Gregor James Kendall John Trerry James Erisey Francis Calmady Ambrose Manaton John Buller junior James Prade William Painter John Bleith Charles Grills Richard Hoblin of Nanswiddon Richard Hoblin of Antaron George Robinson William Bond William Keigwin Francis Painter John Polewheele Nicholas Kelliow Emanuell Piper John Pendarves Alexander Pendarves John Waddon William Arscott William Harris Thomas

' interlined on die Roll.

* of Grange 0.

s Thomas Whitley O.

108

1° Gul. & Mar. Scss.2. c. 1.

A.D. 1688.

Achim Samuel F.nnis John Vowell Anthony Chenowath Nathaniell Moyle Christopher Billett Alexander Carew Samucll Langford Edward Lower Phillip Mayow John Barret of Kelligreene Thomas Penhallow Richard Williams of Trewithen John Murth James Bond Francis Wills Joseph Moy Jonathan Trelawney George Spry Abell French Hugh Jones Edward Kneebone Hugh Tonkin Henry Vincent Henry Manaton Francis Mannaton Shadrack Vincent Walter Vincent Thomas Kelly John Courteney John Hicks of Trevithick Hugh Trevanion William Simmons William Bleith Anthony Rous William Coriton James Kestle of Kesrlc Narcissus Lutterell John Ennis Edmond Phillips Charles Trevanion John Hoblin John Nicolls of Trewane Peter Treviza Thomas Hawkey Henry Gregor Richard Pendarves of Pendarves Richard Bonithon Charles Bonithon William Arundell of Manadarva Christopher Barnes Sampson Hill John Barret of Penquite William Williams of Treworgy John Williams of Trethowa John Williams [of Carvian‘] William Hooper Thomas Dotson John Clarke Edmond Spowra Richard Moile Esquires Charles Kendall Rennall Bawdon Jacob Robbins Stephen Robbins Thomas Waddon John Foote of Truro William Martin of Kilminarth William Braddon Rennall Ilawky Gentlemen John Kestle of Kestle Esq, Nicholas Kimp of Treasteaga William Hancock of Hendra Nicholas Archer Thomas Herle John Cole William Keckwitch John Pennocke Thomas Johnson John Keckwin Charles Huddy Joseph Marke Tho: Glynn William Cock of Helston and William Tregey Gentlemen Charles Trevanion of Tregarthen Richard Harris Esquire William Yeo William Amye.

For the County of Cumberland

Charles Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire Apparent to Edward Earle of Carlisle Sir Henry Capell one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir John Lowther Baronet one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir Wilfrid Lawson Sir Richard Musgrave Baronets Sir John Ballentine Sir Daniell Fleming Knights Henry Fletcher Wilfrid Lawson Joseph Hudleston Robert Carleton Thomas Lamplough Richard Lamplough Thomas Denton Anthony Hutton Richard Patrickson Christopher Richmond Edward Hasell Miles Pennington Edward Stanley William Gilpin Ewen Christian Darcy Curwen Leonard Dykes John Senhouse Andrew Hudleston Henry Browhain Jeremiah Bubb Henry Fletcher of Tallentire John Punsonby Andrew Whelpdale Esquires John Briscow John Foster James Maxwell Gentlemen The Mayor of Carlisle for the time being.

For the County of Derby.

The Honourable Anchitell Grey Esquire Sir Thomas Greassey Sir Edward Coke Sir Henry Every Sir Nathaniell Curzon Sir Philip Gell Sir William Boothby Sir Paul Jenkinson Baronets Sir Simon Degg Sir Gilbert Clerke Sir Edward Abney Knights Willoughby Gray John Stanhope Henry Henihgam Rowland Okeover Henry Gilbert John Low of Denbigh Mathew Smith Walter Burdet Henry Keys John Osborne Esquires William Horne Edmond Winter William Flamsted Gentlemen The Mayor of Derby for the time being John Brookehouse Solomon Robarts Thomas Goodwin Aldermen Biron Stanhope Samuell Dolton John Adderley Esquires George Beardsley William Turner John Gisborne Joseph Parker Samuell Goodwin Edmond Parker Gentlemen John Coke William Sacheverell Henry Every Robert Wilmott Robert Harding Henry Kendall Gilbert Thacker Gilbert Munday John Wilkins Samuell Holden Walter Horton William Allestrey George Grisly George Vernon Henry Cavendish Robert Coke Godfrey Menell Samuell Pole Thomas Browne Thomas Bates Nicholas Wilmott John Burowes Esquires Robert Doxy Gentleman John Berisford Thomas Milward John Lowe of Alderwasle Esquires John Stuffin Doctor Botham William James Robert Haywood Robert Dale Benjamin Haywood William Wingfield Gentlemen John Shallcrosse William Eyre Thomas Right Henry Gilbert junior John Bullock Henry Bolgay Paul Jodrell Esquires Benjamin Ashton John Staftord John Berisford Richard Bateman John Right Gentlemen Edward Finney John Revell George Sitwell Cornelius Clerke Robert Revell Robert Mowre John Morewood John Wigfoll Robert Ashton Thomas Woolhouse Samuell Iialloe Thomas Cotchett John Spateman Esquires Andrew Clayton John Frogatt George Milward Josia Trott John Bagnall Christopher Ley Thomas Bagshaw John Smithson of Bolseover John Steventon Thomas Burley Gentlemen The Mayor of Chesterfield for the time being Richard Youle Peter Dowker Richard Cope Francis Hatsworth Aldermen Paul Webster Roger Coates Gentlemen Gervase Brough.

For the County of Devon

The Honourable Edward Russell the Honourable Robert Russell the Honourable John Greenvile Esquires Sir John Mainard one of the Commissioners of the Great Seale Sir Edward Seymour Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Francis Drake Sir Ames Pollard Sir Bourchier Wrey Sir Courtney Pole Sir Coplestone Bampfteld Sir Francis Northcott Sir William Courtenay Sir John Davie Sir Hugh Ackland Sir William Drake Sir John [Howell*] Sir William Morice Sir Henry Carew Sir Walter Younge Sir Nicholas Slanning Sir Arthur Chichester Sir Peter Colleton Baronets Sir John Rolle Knight of the Bath Sir William Bastard Sir George Treby Attoumey Generali Sir Thomas Berry Knights Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath George Chudleigh Francis Courtnay Samuell Rolle Richard Duke Thomas Reynell Hugh Bampfield John Clobery Richard Coffin Richard Newte William Spurway of Oakeford Humphrey Prideaux of Solden Esquires John Bidgood Doctor of Physicke [Sir1] Richard Reynell Knight and Baronet Sir John Trevor Knight Henry Fortescue of Buckland Felley Dennis [Rolls1] of Beame Nicholas Dennis John Colwich Esquires Henry Stephens Gentleman Henry Manaton Gideon Haydon Hugh Vaughan Joseph Herne Esquires Sir Simon Leech Knight of the Bath Richard Carew of Barley John Northcot of Westwood Bampfield Rodd James Rodd Esquires William Langford of Braddon John Harris of Wortham John Symmonds John Rowrc Richard Courtney John Copleston John Bluet Rich: Beavis John Burlington John Fry of Yartie Henry Woolecombe Thomas Wood Roger Woolcombe Christopher Savery Rowland Whiddon Courtney Crocker

1 interlined on the Roll.

a Fowell O.

> Rolle O.

1° Gul. 6c Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

109

Arscott Brickford Henry Chichester of Coxleigh John Garland Henry Chichester of Hall Martin Rider Charles Hore John Elwill Richard Lee of Winslade William Coleman Samuell Foote Sebastian Isaacke Henry Walrond John Chichester of Widworthy Jonathan Prideaux Arthur Ackland William Hayne John Batdshill John Sandford Jonathan Elford William Fowell William Bragg Sampson Hele Edmond Parker Thomas Drew William Cary of Clovelly Arthur Champernoone Francis Bassett John Ashford John Gifford John Arscott of Tetcott Henry Nortleigh Edward Yard of Churchton Edmond Walrond Arthur Tremaine Rawlin Mallocke Arthur Fortescue William Harris of Hayne Richard Shapleigh Francis Bulford Edward Fortescue of Pridleston William Stawell John Quicke Hugh Stafford Henry Trelawney John Pole Edmond Prideaux of Ford John Pollexfenne George Prestwood John Kelland John Kelland junior George Parker Ambrose Manaton Peter Fortescue Thomas Beare Josias Calmady Richard Nutcombe Esquires John Pratt Councellor at Law James Hewish of Sand Edmond Walrond junior Thomas Sampson the Mayor of Plymouth for the time being the Mayor of Barnestaple for the time being the Mayor of Biddiford for the time being the Mayor of Totnes for the time being the Mayor of Tiverton for the time being the Mayor of Torrington for the time being the Mayor of Dartmouth for the time being the Mayor of Plympton for the time being Edmond Tremayne Nicholas Rowe James Fortescue James Courtney William Drake of Netherton Elizeus Crimes John Fownes John Martin of Chadlewood Edmond Pollexfen Peter Beavis John Rose Ellis Bartlett senior Thomas Southcott of Hedge-end George Southcott Henry Fry Edward Lovett William Drake of Yarbery John Fortescue George Yeo Thomas Do&on of Docton Gentlemen John Cooke Christopher Mayne John Speccott John Tanner William Stawell Ambrose Roope Christopher Bale Esquires Thomas Williams Walter Bogan Peter Atkins Anthony Salter John Cruwys John Hanbery Edward Ford Doctor of Physicke Francis Sheppard Nicholas Lutterell of Ilartland John Davye of Oarley Matthias Jenkins Richard Carew of Plymouth William Saverv of Slade Moses Gould Richard Duke junior Gilbert Yard Sir John Tremaine Knight William Davie Barrister at Law Samuell Tanner Thomas Ford Edmond Starr John Mercer William Chaplen John Contee Robert Rous Gentlemen Benjamin Oliver Esquire Richard Parminster Merchant Dennis Rolle Esquire Nicholas Roope Esquire Southcott Lutterell Richard [Burhogg1 *] Doctor of Physick.

For the City of Exeter.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Edward Seymour Baronet Sir George Treby Knight Sir John Tremayne Knight John Bidgood Edmond Davie Waterhouse and John Osmond Doctors of Physicke James

Walker Esquire John Snell William Sandford Christopher Brodridge Henry Smith Christopher Bale Robert Dabinott and George Saffin Aldermen Thomas • Bampfield Thomas Gibbon and Charles Vaughan Barresters at Law John Gaudy Esquire Sheriffe Robert Walker Esquire Edward Crosse Malachy Pyne Humphrey Leigh Edward Seaward Christopher Coke John Elwell John Bankfe Christopher [Mayne1] Nich: Brooking and John Curson Merchants The Receiver for the time being Sir Peter Colyton Baronet Edmond Starre Abraham Troute Richard White William Sealy Thomas Turner Jeroin King Francis Pengelly Daniell Ivye Thomas Gould William Spry Thomas Brooking.

For the County of Dorsett

Sir William Portman Sir John Morton Sir Nathaniell Napper Sir Robert Napper Sir William Pinsent Baronets Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir George Strode Sir Henry Butler Sir Math. Andrews Knights Thomas Freke Thomas Strangwayes Francis Lutterell Edward Miller Samuell Rolle Richard Fownes John Bancks Robert Freeke senior William Okcden junior Robert Coker senior Robert Coker junior William Frampton William Whitacre Edward Nicholas John Pole Sebastian Isaac Robert Culliford Thomas Chafin Henry Seymour Edward Seymour Thomas Erie William Strode Robert Williams John Williams Michaell Harvey Francis Mohun Robert Seymer Henry Seymer Thomas Chafe Hugh Hodges Sergeant at Law Henry Constantine Anthony Ettericke Robert Browne Thomas Trenchard Richard Brodrep Henry Heming Edward St Lo, Henry Trenchard Nathaniell Bond His Majestyes Serjeant at Law George Strangewayes John Hurding William Etterick John Still William Floyer William Bennet of Shaston John Lawrence of Grange William Bowles senior John Ironside John Bowles John Hardey Thomas Turbcrville Bullen Reymes Robert Oxenbridge Thomas Greene Seymour Bowman William Churchill Richard Swayne Robert Erie Robert Thornhill George Dawbcny John Michell Thomas Skinner Charles Brune William Sydenham Richard Bingham William Weston Robert Hussey of Stour Pani William Filliol James Gould Nicholas Gould John Eashmont John Burridge Anthony Floyer Nicholas Hardey William Bennet Richard Rose Andrew [Tucher3] John Hoskins William Wake Nicholas Browne William Lawrence William Hull John Lawrence of Whitechurch George Barber Thomas Bower Arthur Fowkes John Abingdon Roger Mompesson William Bull senior Robert Burridge John Strode of Chauntrcy Robert Tilly John Fitts Thomas Chetle Sir Robert Henley Knight John Moore Sydenham Baker Thomas Gundry Robert Swayne of Corse Robert Butler Esquires Thomas Williams Peter Hoskins Thomas Hawles Gentlemen Richard Newman Esquire George Gould the Mayors of Dorchester Shaftsbury Weymouth Melcomb Corse Wareham Lyme Regis the Bayliffs of Bridport for the time being.

For the Towme and County of Poole

The Mayor for the time being Moses Darrell senior John Carter Shadrache Beale Moses Darrell junior William Bowles William Phillips Thomas Smith Thomas Hyde John Pyke Joseph Hopkins William Streete William Minty John Gigger John Jabber Thomas Smith.

For the County (4) of Durham

The Honourable Charles Mountague Esquire Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Ralph Cole Sir James Clavering Sir Robert Eden Sir Marke Milhancks Sir William Blackett Sir William Chater Baronets Sir Ralph Carr Sir William

1 Burthogg O. • interlined on the Roll. 3 Tucker 0. 4 Palatine O.

F f

110

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

A.D. 1688.

Bows Knights Christopher [Vane'] John Tempest Thomas Craddock William Lambton Byerley George Morland Henry Lyddell William Forrester Cuthbert Carr Lyonell Vane Francis Bows William Tempest John Davison Frevill Lambton Ralph Bates John Clavering James Clavering John Sidewicke Robert Jenneson Robert Eileson William Blackett Mark Shaftoe Rowland Place Thomas Lyddell John Midleton Esquires Francis Carr Bramley

[ Esquires* 1] Lyonell Maddeson Robert Carr John Rogers Richard Midleton Thomas Wright William Carr Joseph Carr John Carr Marmaduke A Henson John Hall Edward Shepperdson 'William Greveson John Elstob John Widdefield Thomas Bowser James Cooke George Crosier William Fawcett Walter Etterick Ralph Holmes Anthony Salom Simon Peacock Cuthbert Sanderson William Garth Thomas Watson Abraham Hilton Ralph Hedworth William Wilson of Durham James Mickelton John Dale William Johnson William Killinghall Robert Dixon Thomas Saunderson William Wilkenson Nathaniell Midleton John Spearman Gentlemen The Mayor of Durham for the time being Captaine Thomas Brasse Arthur Priscott Ralph Gowland Thomas (J) [Fother4] of Grinden Ridge William Selby of Beale John Wilkie Thomas Grey of Morton Thomas Orde of Felkington Gilbert Orde of Holy Island Bryan Grey of Kiley Ralph Watson Patricke Crow Esquires William Urwen Sir James Tillie William Hutchinsen Peter Marley.

For the West Rideing of the County of Yorke

Charles Marquesse of Winton Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton William Lord Eland Eldest Sonne to the Marquesse of Hallifax Peregrine Earle of Danby Eldest Sonne to the Marquesse of Carmarthen William Lord Pawlctt Second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Viscount Downe of the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Sydney Wortley Mountague Esquire Henry Dawney Esquire Henry Fairfax Esquire Sir Henry Goodricke Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Armatage Sir John Kaye Sir William Reresby Sir John Ingleby Sir John Bland Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Franckland Sir George Cooke Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Edmond Wynne Sir Edward Blacket Sir John Tempest Sir John Cutler Sir Henry Slingsby -Sir Lyon Pilkinton Baronets Sir Thomas Yarborough Sir Edmond Jennings Sir Ralph Knight Sir John Hewly Sir Jonathan Jennings Sir Michaell Wentworth Sir Patience Ward Sir Stephen Thompson Sir Thomas Hodgshon Sir William Lowther Sir John Coghill Knights Henry Lyddell John Ramsden of Biram Thomas Frankland William Palmes Robert Byerley Christopher Tankred Francis Nevile Richard Beaumont of Whitley John Goodricke Walter Calverley Welbury Norton Cerill Arthington Thomas Fawkes William Stockdale John Savile of Methley Charles Osborne Christopher Lister John Knight Denzill Onslow Arthur Ingram William Woombwell Francis Foulgeham John Ramsden of Hatfield Thomas Yorke John Bradshaw Thomas Yarborough Thomas Vincent John Beilby William Ellis William Vavasour Henry Thompson Henry Stapylton Inglebert Leeds Thomas Fairfax of Menston Anthony Fletcher John Lister of Bawtry Ralph Lowther Henry Hitch Bryan Sunderland Ambrose Pudsey Thomas Lister of Westby Thomas Horton John Eastoft Godfred Boswell John Ashton Francis Jessop John Lambert Henry Edmond Richard Redman Thomas Fountaine Jasper Blythman Christopher Wilkinson John Farrer William Rhodes Thomas Parker Francis White William Dodson John Gill John Harris Miles Staveley John Stanhope of Horseforth Jonathan Jenings William Roundell Robert Mitford Christopher Adams John Garland Mathew Boynton Roger Portington [Roger1] Baynes John Hatfield of Laughton Cuthbert Wade Lyonell Copley Richard Staynes Thomas [Hessetine6] John Rooks Rowland Norton Bennet Sherrard William Johnston Thomas Kirke Robert Far rand Tobias Harvey Thomas Lee John Atkinson John Warner Andrew Wilkinson Richard Shutleworth William Ingram Esquires Simon Sterne Thomas Rookeby Gentlemen John Batty Esquire Edmond Barker John Auby William Norton John Copley Gentlemen Armstrong Gregory Esquire James Greenewood Thomas Edmonds Godfrey Copley Bartin Allet John Savile of Cridlin Benjamin Watts Richard Nettleton Lawrence Warton Michaell Warton of Bawtry Andrew Howdcn John Preston Stephen Wilks Thomas Craven Francis Eldwick Thomas Warder of Northcoate Cuthbert Chambers Gregory Fish Josias Midgley Robert Inman Gentlemen The Mayor of Pontefract for the time being The Mayor of Doncaster for the time being The Mayor of Rippon for the time being The Mayor of Leeds for the time being Samuell Mellish Esqs Recorder of Doncaster Edward 'Thompson Esaa

For the North Rideing of the County of Yorke.

Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester eldest Sonne to the Duke of Bolton John Lord Viscount Downe of the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Phillip (7) Darcie Esqs Sir Marmaduke Wivell Sir William Leveson Gower Sir William Strickland Sir David Fowlis Sir John Hotham Sir John Kaye Sir Watkinson Payler Sir Bryan Stapilton Sir William Frankland Sir John Lowther Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Caley Sir Christopher Wandesford Sir Thomas Pennyman Sir Edward Blacket Sir John Brooke Sir William Chater Sir Marke MObanke Baronets Sir William Hustler Sir John Hewly Sir Henry Bellasis Sir Barrington Bouchier Sir William Ascough Sir William Bow*es Knights Thomas Franckland George Marwood William Palmes Thomas Yorke William Thompson Henry Metcalfe William Robinson of Newby George Smithson Francis Wivell Robert Walters Roger Croft John Wastell John Hutton Roger Talbott Cornelius Caley Abstrupus Danby John How Thomas Croft Edward Hutchinson William [Tankred*] Francis Thompson Bernard Greenvile John Trotter Leonard Smelt Thomas Harrison Anthony Lowther Timothy Maleverer Thomas Worsley William Metcalfe John Gibson Henry Crosland Thomas Lassells Richard Staynes Daniel 1 Lassells Thomas Wakefield William Chalaner Francis Hall Edward Thompson Richard Peirse John Peirse John Hill junior Thomas Gowre John Hopton James Mountaine Luke Robinson Thomas Pullen John Beverley Durand Hotham Rowland Norton Thomas Cradock Thomas Wivell Humphrey Wharton Constable Bradshaw William Dawson Mathew Anleby Richard Darley Christopher Percy Hay of Malton Roger Covell Thomas

1 interlined on the Roll. * Esquire O. Forester of Comehill Esquire William O. * Strother O.

1 Robert 0. a Hesletine O. 7 Arthur Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland 0. * Tanckred O.

1

in

]° Gul. & Mar.

Sess. 2. c. 1.

Hesletine Esquires Doctor Smith of Easby Thomas Langley Towers Driffield Butler Buggin Esquires Leonard Hartley Benjamin Purchas Edward Place William Davill Phillip Prince Robert Lumley James Conyers William Kitchinman Robert Bell George Norton Stephen Driffield Robert Bushell Mathew Tomlinson Timothy Forde William Sanders Ralph Porter William Robinson John Robinson senior Guy Butler William Fayreside junior Paul Baylie John Cockerill senior Robert Burton William Stoope Roger Lee Thomas Pearson Timothy Portington Stephen Thompson Thomas Holmes Mathew Smailes John Robinson of Easby Thomas Gile Robert Crosfeild William Thornton of Ascrige Gentlemen The Mayor of Richmond for the time being, the Bayliffes of Scarborough for the time being.

For the East Rideing of the County of Yorke.

Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Arthur Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland George Dawny Esquire Sir Francis Boynton Sir William Strickland Sir John Hotham Sir John Kaye Sir Henry Saint Quintin Sir Watkinson Payler Sir John Legard Sir Thomas Rudston Baronets Sir William Cob Sir Ralph Warton Sir Michaell Warton Sir Jonathan Atkins Sir Mathew Pearson Sir John Hewley Sir James Bradshaw Sir Richard Osbaldeston Knights Tobias Jenkins senior Tobias Jenkins junior Robert Buck John Lister William Osbaldeston William Gee William Thompson John Lister of Beverley Francis Thompson Edward Thompson Charles Hilliard Durant Hotham John Ramsden Henry Thompson Griffith Boynton Henry Guy William Bethell Richard Thompson senior Richard Thompson junior John Stapylton William St Quintin James Moyser John Moyser Thomas Hesketh James Heblethwaite Richard Remmington Ralph Warton Charles Warton Colonell Mathew Alured Thomas Alured Mathew Apleyard Edward Bernard John Eastoft Robert Hollis John Tayler Ingleby Daniell William Hedlain Bernard Lister Robert Pricket Robert Mountaine Hugh Bethell Richard Darley

Benjamin Overton Robert Legard Robert Southby Walter Strickland Hen: Portington Thomas Langley Ralph

Lutton Esquires Edward Bower John Pearson Robert Mason Phillip Wilkinson Henry Masters Robert Carlisle Gentlemen The Mayor and Recorder of Hull for the time being the Mayor of Beverley for the time being the Mayor of Hcddon for the time being.

For the City of Yorke and County of the same City.

The Lord Mayor Aldermen Recorder and Sheriffes for the time being Charles Lord Marquess^ of Winchester Eldest Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland

Peregrine Earle of Danby Eldest Sonne to the Marquesse of Carmarthen Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of

Scotland Sir Henry Goodrick Knight and Baronet Sir John [Brooke1] Baronet Sir John Hewley Sir Stephen Thompson Knights Bcnnoit Sherwood Henry Stapleton William Robinson William Roundell Thomas Hutton Esquires Henry Watkinson Dottor of Laws Henry Squire John Baines Thomas Hesletine Esquires Thomas Benson Andrew Perrott Richard Reynolds Timothy Moyseley Robert Shakleton Francis Ducket William Thompson Thomas Nisbet Tobias Wickham Robert Squire Thomas Holmes Gentlemen.

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull.

The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder for the time being Robert Legard John East William Gee and John Ramsden Esquires.

For the County of Essex

The Honourable Banister Mainard Ralph Grey William Mainard Esquires Sir William Appleton Baronet Sir William Hicks Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Masham Sir Andrew Jenner Sir Thomas Nightingale Baronets Sir Richard Everard Knight and Baronet Sir William Luckin Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Martin Lumley Sir Anthony Abdye Sir John Abdye Sir Thomas Draper Sir Thomas Darcie Sir Jervase Elves Sir Edward Smith Sir Thomas Garrard Sir Thomas Bamardiston Sir Charles Tyrrell Sir William Barker Sir Robert Smith Sir Josiah Childe Sir Peter Soaine Sir Cave James Sir John Sudbury Baronets Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Clarke Sir John Sparrow Sir Richard Piggott Sir Thomas Fanshaw Sir Eliah Harvey Sir [Robert1] Barrington Sir Edward Turner Sir Thomas Midleton Sir Jacob Butler Sir Thomas Devall Sir John Marshall Sir Marke Gyon Sir Benjamin Thorowgood Sir Samuell Husbands Knights John Osborne John Conyers Esquires The Kings Councill Henry Mildmey John Wroth Francis Harvey alias Mildmey C.arew Harvey alias Mildmay Thomas I^uther William Coward Abraham Wessell Thomas Dawtry Robert Bateman William Palmer William Peck William Pert William Atwood John Greene Thomas Argali Samuell Reynalds Charles Mountague William Glascocke Thomas Burgh Brabazon Aylmer William Beaumont Isaac Rebow Robert Cole John Wale John Simonds William Clopton William I.ingwood John Tindell Timothy Felton Thomas Barrington John Lemot Honeywood John Eldred William Eldred John Cox Robert Mildmay Owen Wynn Guardian de le Mint Samuell Hare Francis Maidstone Samuell Westrow John Cooke de Chesell Edward Bullocke senior Edward Bullocke junior John Locky Thomas Gray John Goodier William Walker Thomas Weeley Thomas Harlackenden Bowes Thomas Waldgrave Giles Dent William Kendall Andrew Searle Esquires Samuell Horsemanden Charles Tyrrell Clerks Alexander Prescot Anthony Brampston Esquires Marke Mott Gentleman William Harvey William Scott Thomas Turner John Sparrow John Raymond junior John Cressener John Penington William Nutt Henry Glascocke Waldgrave Pelham Samuell Wiseman Erasmus Smith John Meade Thomas Abdy Henry Ayloffe Esquires Phillip Saltington Grey of Walsted John Hethersell Richard

Hyde Esquire Edmond Goodwin John Edwards Esquire William Mott Esquire Collonell John Cutts George Brampston Do6tor of Physick William Glascock John Fanshaw John Luther Cuthbert Martin Francis Bradbury Haynes Barley senior Haynes Barley junior Nicholas Cursellis Ralph Creffield Nathaniell Lawrance Nathan Wright

1 Brookes O.

• Gobcrt O.

112

1° Gul. & Maii. Sess. 2. c. 1.

A.D. 1688.

Samuel Giggs Edward Rudge George Gent Henry Paschall Edward Thorowgood Esquires William Herns John Haines Thomas Greene John Joseline Robert Barwell junior Jeremiah Richardson Gentlemen John Larkin John Allin Robert Bragg Christopher Grange John Hopwood Esquires Joseph Sparrow Harrison

Nicholls Richard Cowper Gent Sigismond Trafford Robert Smith.

For the Towne of Maldon

The Bayliffes of Maldon for the time being Sir William Sprignell Baronet Thomas [Goe1] John Stevens William Carr Peter Robjent Gentlemen Sir Thomas [Darey '*] Baronet Charles Mountague Esq^ Ezekiell Finch John Pond Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Colchester

The Mayor of Colchester for the time being Sir John Shaw Knight Serjeant at Law Mathew Ives John Tatem Nathaniell Lawrance John Stilliman John Potter Ralph Crayfield Esq*, Henry Lambe Thomas Loveny Joseph Thurston Benjamin Cocke John Rayner Stephen Naggs Alderman William Mott senior Francis Wheeler Esquires John Rebow Abraham Hedgthorne John Savile Jacop Tayspell Gent William Moore Esquire Thomas Ruse William Boise William Milbanke Gentlemen John Eldred Samuell Reynalds Isaac Rebow.

For the Towne of Harwich

Sir Thomas Midleton John Eldred Esquire the Mayor of Harwich for the time being Thomas Langley John Ralph Robert Seaman John Browne .William Garrard Daniell Smith Charles Smith Aldermen John Phillips Thomas Bradshaw John Westbrowne Robert Lane Henry Munt William Rudland Gentlemen.

For the County of Gloucester.

William Lord Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Powle Esquire one of Their Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill and Speaker of the House of Commons [The Right Honourable Sir Robert Atkins Lord Chiefe Baron of Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer and Speaker of the House of PeeresJ] Sir Henry Capell Sir James Rushout Sir Richard Cox Sir William Kite James Thynne Esquire Benjamin [Baden* 4] Richard Dow'deswell George Pitt Richard Freeman John Marriot junior Charles Dowdeswell William Lane John Parsons junior John Delabeere William Bagget John Carter Henry Coxwell William Dewy Thomas Janes Sir Francis Russell Charles Wine Sir Robert Southwell Sir John Newton Sir William Forrester Samuell Hawlins Thomas Hales David Warren Anthony Lawrance Danvers Hodges Henry Criswicke Charles Marquesse of [Worster5] Charles Lord Dursley Nathaniell Stephens Sir Gabrieli Low Sir Thomas Stephens Thomas Rawlins Serjeant at Law Thomas Hodges Walter Estcourt John Browming Samuell Trotman William Kingscot William Dennis Sir Ralph Dutton John Howe John Coxewell William Hall Robert Veisey Sir Richard Onslow Baronet Andrew Barker Robert Pleydall George Hanger Robert Oteridge Thomas Maisters Brierton Bourchier Richard How Thomas Smith Thomas Horton Phillip Shepard Thomas Ridler Ridler of Edgworth Thomas Stephens [John6] Castleman Lyonell Rich

Peachy Edward Stephens Paul Dodwell Sir Fleetword Dormer Conway Whithorne Joshua Aileworth of Aileworth Sir Duncombe Colchester George Bond John liickford Mainard Colchester Thomas Perke William Maddocks Paul [Poley7] Rice Yates Reginald Pindar William Rogers Wainam Winniatt William Bayly George Lloyd James Michell Richard Yate William Try Sir John Aishfield Thomas Chester Sir John Fust Thomas Wise Edward Smith Sir Richard Hart Sir Thomas Cann Richard Jones John Meredeth Thomas Burnell John Douse Edward Mountague William [Painefoole*] Thomas Browne of Coslawne John Parkhurst William Winter Samuell Dobbins Michaell Beale Sir John Guise William Cooke Edward Cooke John Guise William Guise William Selwin Rowland Wood William Lawrence John Powell Serjeant at Law' Henry Brett John Cocks William Schudamore William Ilodges Sir Robert Atkins senior Stephen Baldwin Robert Codrington Christopher Mountacu Edward Chamberlaine Samuell Barker John Griffin William Clutterbooke Richard Holford Richard Haynes John Stafford Samuell Codrington John Nelin John Barkley Sir Hele Hooke William Bovev Thomas Trig Nathaniell Pert Richard Hayward William Winter Pansfoot.

For the City and County of the City of Gloucester.

The Maior for the time being Alderman Rodgers John Powell Richard Wintle John Cox Thomas Lloyd Sir Duncombe Colchester William Cooke George Lloyd Henry Futer Alderman Evans William Schudamore Thomas Webb Mercer Thomas Webb Attoumey Nicholas Webb senior Nicholas Webb junior Thomas Gosling.

For the County of Hereford

The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill John Lord Viscount Scudamore the Honourable Chambre Brabazon Esq, Sir John Morgan Sir Herbert Croft Sir John Hoskins Baronets Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Wilmington Sir William Gregory Sir Thomas Duppa Sir John Williams Knights Thomas Coningsby William Fines Paul Foley Robert Harley Thomas Price John Birch John Dutton Colt James Morgan John Schudamore Thomas Cornwall Thomas Harley Ambrose Schudamore Richard Reed senior Richard Reed junior Herbert Westfailing Thomas Cockes Edward Hopton Edward Cornwall William Dansey senior William Dansey junior John Arnold Charles Baldwin John Williams Richard Williams of Cabalva Edward Litleton John Arnold James Penmoyre of the Moore Nicholas Arnold Uvedall Tompkins Robert Chaplin Thomas Foley senior Thomas Foley junior James Gregory John Booth of

1 Coc 0. 2 Darcy 0. > annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

4 Baron 0. 4 Worcester 0. * Jonathan O. 7 Foley 0. « Pansfoot 0.

113

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

Letton John How Jeremiah Bubb Edward Jackson Younger Cooke Robert Dobbins Robert Minors William Wintour William Lambe John Nourse Marshall Bridges Richard Barnaby Ferdinando Gorges Thomas Howorth Robert Payne James Lloyd of the Moore Sandys Lechmoore John Parry of Dulas Thomas Delahavs Esquires Bennet Hoskins William Guillim William Bridges John Walsome Samuell Birch Gentlemen John Powell of the While Francis Baskerville Thomas Wigmore John Kirle Esquires Thomas Owen of Litle Brompton Thomas Carpenter Richard Skipp James Woodhouse of Woodhouse Essex Sherborne Francis Woodhouse Humphrey Mayo John Fletcher John Carver of Upton Darnell Kerry James Walwin Henry Cornwall John Hereford of Sufton Henry Gorge Peter Smith John Sallaway John Smith Gentlemen John Abrahall of Engiston.

For the City of Hereford

The Mayor for the time being John Lord Viscount [Schudamore1] of Sligo in the Realme of Ireland Sir William Gregory Knight one of Their Majestyes Justices of the Court of Kings Bench Paul Foley Henry Cornwall Herbert Westfailing Thomas Price Esquires Robert Simons Thomas Panard Abraham Seward Thomas Mathews Richard Wadeley Hugh Rodd Aldermen Richard Williams Thomas Clarke senior Thomas Clarke junior Henry Smith Thomas Smith Edward Rodd John Williams senior John Williams junior James Price John Abrahall Richard Gower Edmond Weaver Theophilus Alley Richard Poole Thomas Church and John Smith Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of Lempster

The Bayliffe for the time being Thomas Conningsby John Dutton Colt Edward Harley Esquires William Batch Edward Bangham James Powle John Jennings John Powle Thomas Hardwicke Robert Ford Thomas Harris and Richard Jones Gentlemen.

For the County of Hertford

The Right Honourable the Earle of Danby the Honourable Robert Cecill Esquire Sir Samuell Grimston Sir Richard Francklin Sir John Garard Sir John Austen Sir William Leman Sir Robert Jocelin Sir John Witterong Sir William Cowper Sir Thomas Pope Blount Sir Richard Anderson Sir Edmond Anderson Sir Jonathan Keate Sir John Brograve Baronets Sir John Gore Sir Humphrey Gore Sir Thomas Bide Sir Charles Cesar Sir William Litton Sir Ralph Ratcliffe Sir John Bucknell Sir Robert Marsham Knights Robert Austin John Plummer Thomas Halsey Ralph Freeman Robert Elwayes Gilbert Hoo Keat William Gore James Witterong William Cowper Thomas Shatterden Edward Briscoe junior Henry Childe Henry Guy Thomas Priestly George Hadley John Gape senior John Ellis Thomas Arris George Nodes Thomas Arram William Briscoe Richard Helder Thomas Lomax Thomas Austen Richard How John Eddowes John Cooke James Stedman Israeli Mayo John Gore Bernard Turner Strange Joycelin Joseph Jordan Marmaduke [Rayden2] Henry Allington William Martin and Thomas Winford Esquires.

For the County of Huntingdon

The Honourable Robert Mountague Esquire The Honourable Sydney Wortley Mountague Esquire Sir Robert Bernard Baronet John Proby John Conyers John Drydon Charles Cesar Robert Appreece Richard Naylor Anthony Hammond John Bigg James Torkington William Naylour John Ferrer Robert Pulloyne John Pockington John Trice Richard Drury Robert Throgmorton Esquires Richard Wynde Robert Clarke William Bellamy William Fuller James Wright William Nicholls Richard Hatley Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Huntingdon

George Merritt Mayor Richard Astrey James Fairside William Dowse Thomas Sayer Edward Audley Joseph Darlow Thomas Harris Angell Gentlemen John Pockington Esquire.

For the County of Kent

The Lord Viscount Faukland the Honourable Sir Vere Fane Knight of the Bath the Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esquire the Honourable Sackvile Tufton Esquire The Honourable Heneage Finch Esquire Sir William Twisden Sir Charles Sidley of Southfleete Sir Charles Sydley of Sir Thomas Robarts Sir Henry

Palmer Sir Philip Boteler Sir Thomas Culpeper of Aylesford Sir Thomas Stiles Sir George Rivers Sir Bazill Dixwell Sir John Knatchbull Sir John Rayney Sir Robert Hales Sir Stephen Leonard Sir Humphrey Miller Sir John Marsham Sir William Honeywood Sir Thomas Peirce Sir John Bankes Sir Nathaniell Powell Sir John Austen Sir Thomas Selyard Sir Anthony Archer Sir John Fagg Sir James Oxenden Sir William Swan Sir Robert Filmer Sir John Shaw Sir John Cutler Sir Roger Twisden Sir George Chute Sir Thomas Taylor Sir John Mordant Sir John Lethelier Baronets Sir John Darrell Sir George Curteys Sir Charles Bickerstaffe Sir Henry Boswell Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Robert Faunce Sir Nicholas (*) Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir Robert Marsham Sir James Hayes Sir John Leigh Sir Joseph Williamson Sir William Langhorne Sir William Hooker Sir Edward Maisters Knights Collonell Beaumont Govemour of Dover Castle Christopher Vane Robert Smith Thomas Fane Edward Hales Esquires Thomas Knatchbull William Watton Charles Amhurst Jeffery Amhurst Thomas Ryder William Campion Caleb Bankes John Leech Robert Lewkener Gideon de Laune John Kitchell Esquires George Harlackendcn Gentleman William Boyse of William Henden Robert Austen senior Robert Crayford James Masters of Langden

Walter Brcames Herbert Randolph Esquires John Boyse John Thurbon Serjeant at Law William Hammond Gent George Scott Esquire James Chadwick Gent William Kingsley junior Christopher Mills Henry Thornhill Esquires Dancan Abacromy Gent Samuell Short Esq^ William Brockman ot Bitchborough William Brockman of Cherriton John

1 'Scudamore O. 5 Rawden 0. 5 Toke O.

Cg

114

A.D. 168&.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

Crump Thomas Moyle Gentlemen Thomas Papillon Thomas Munus Francis Bathurst Esquires James Bunce George Petty William Selby George Polhill John Hyde Major Gibbins Robert Gibbon John Cooke Thomas Osborne James Herbert Ralph Buskin John Brewer John Parker Thomas Dallison Edward Gullison Reynald Peckham William Cage Nicholas Miller John Wilkinson Richard Godden John Knatchbull Thomas Brewer Esquires Thomas Manley Esquire Thomas Scott William Honeywood Gentlemen George Sayers Vice Chamberlaine to the Queene Dowager Gerrard Gore John Le Mott Honeywood Nicholas Cooke Gentlemen William Hugesen Leonard Diggs Thomas Gomeldon Julius Deeds John Sherman Christopher Dering Esquires Vincent Denn Serjeant at Law George Elcock Esquire William Jacob Doctor of Physick Henry Oxenden Henry Hawley Richard Oxenden John Mitchell Esquires Captaine Pettit of Thannet Moses Napleton Gentlemen Herbert Palmer Wortley Whorwood Henry Lee Esquires John Whitfield Henry Godden Charles Bargrave William Courthope Gentlemen Robert Heath John Evelin Edward Austin William Lambert William Ash Esquires William Wilkinson Gens John Mascall Gent Phillip Bartholomew Gent William Coriton George Gifford Francis Farnaby Ralph Petly William Swan John Buggins Robert Austin junior James Codd Alexander Culpeper Samuell Plummer Esquires William White Gent John [Grippe'] of Maidstone Roger Payne Thomas Napleton Thomas Godfrey Esquires Thomas Godfrey of Hoddiford Gent George Rook Edward Nutt Henry Marsh Thomas Brewer of Northfleet Thomas Washer Robert Mitchell Thomas Blisse Jeoffery Boyse Edward [Boise1] Samuell Shaw John Cason Thomas Hales senior Thomas Hales junior George Curteis Esquires George Maplesden Charles Court of Thomas Turner of [llins3] Gent Thomas Adrian John Fotherby Francis Barrell Thomas Selyard Christopher Allison Henry Sandis Percivall Hart Edward Manning Edward Brent James Fortrey Edward Grace Henry Hawley Esquire Creswell Draper Edward King Thomas Gifford Edward Battison Edmond Toke Esquires the Mayor of Rochester for the time being the Mayor of Maidstone for the time being John Blome Charles Fagg Gent William Randolp John Culpeper Esquire Thomas Meredith Gent Humphry Stiles Esqs Richard Hulse of Bethersdcn Gent George Withwick Gent Thomas Withwick Esqs Thomas Brett William Brett Gens Edward Manley of Wooldham the Jurates of Maidstone being Justices of the Peace John Eaves Gent the [Bailiffes4] and Expenditors of Romney Marsh for the time being Benjamin Godfrey John Bond [Mayor Nellet3] of Maidstone Thomas Morris Gens William James Esquire Captaine Tomlin Mr Coppin of Deale Christopher Mason Christopher Sherman Christopher May Edward Bathurst Ricaut Thomas Marsh Gens Charles Kenrick John Linch Esquires Thomas Chiffinch John Baron Gens

William Spencer Esqs Captaine Courthop Elhanon Tucker Gentlemen John Bryan Moyse of Rochester John

Cony John Hogg senior of Rochester Garret Colaut Thomas Blisse Richard Elay Robert Salmon of Maidstone

Wood of Maidstone Jurat Robert Saunders William Reader of Maidstone.

For the City and County of Canterbury.

Francis JeofTrey Esq^ Mayor Vincent Denn Esq, Serjeant at Law Recorder Sir William Honeywood Baronet Sir Anthony Archer Knight and Baronet Henry Lee Thomas Godfrey Edward Nutt John Cason Jeofrey Boyes Herbert Randolph Esquires William Jacob Doctor of Physick John Taylor Doctor of Law John Whitfield William Wotson Gentlemen Thomas Fidge Thomas [Knowles6] Nicholas Nicholson Thomas Dunkin John [Garting7] Squier Bruerton Henry Gibbs Aldermen.

For the Towne and Port of Sandwich

The Mayor for the time being Sir James Oxenden Baronet John Thurbome Esquire Serjeant at Law John Moore Peter Noell James Howre Edward Fellowes Isaac Rickesey William Maundy Jeremy Wells Jeofrey Sucket Samuell Ferrer.

For the Towne and Port of Dover

The Mayor for the time being Collonell Beaumont Governour of Dover Castle Sir Bazill Dixwell Baronet Sir Abraham Jacob Thomas Papillon Captaine William Stoakes George [West8] William Richards Nicholas Cullen senior Thomas Scott Edward Wivell Edward Francklin Jurats Nathaniell de New Frederick de Vinck John Matson Thomas Raworth John Ford William Eaton Nicholas Cullen junior Phillip Yorke Charles Johnson Abraham Stock.

For Feversham

The Mayor for the time being Charles Kenrick Esq^ Thomas Napleton Thomas Knowler John Marsh Francis Waterman Joseph Edwards Gens.

For the Towne and Port of New Romney

The Mayor for the time being John Brewer James Chadwicke Esquires Peter Lancaster John Mascall Richard Baker John Chalker Peter Martin John Hunt Jurats William Finch Thomas Baker.

For the Towne of Tenterden.

The Mayor for the time being Sir George Chute Robert Austin Esquire Robert Wightwick Gentleman James Skeats Elhanan Tucker Lemuell Tucker William Cartis John Mantle.

For the Towne and Port of Hythe.

The Maior for the time being Edward Hales Julius Deeds Esquires Robinson Beau Henry Deeds William Browne Elias Basset John Cleinet Thomas Tournay Jurats.

' Cripps 0. • Boyse 0. a Iling O. « Bayliff 0.

* Major Nellir 0. c Knowler 0. * * Garling 0. • interlined^on the Roll.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

115

For the Towne of Fordwich.

The Mayor for the time being Samuel Short Francis Joll John Pilcher John Bix Jurats.

For the Towne of Folkestone

The Mayor for the time being Sir Basill Dixwell Baronet Miles Jacob Thomas Fagg Gibbon Lad.

For the Towne of Lid

Julius Deeds Henry Wynn Esquires John Bateman Humphry Lee William Batcheller Nicholas Dye.

For the Towne and Port of Hastings.

The Mayor for the time being Collonell John Beaumont Captaine Thomas Muns Captaine Millard Phillip Lowell Jurats Richard Holman.

For the auntient Towne of Rye.

The Mayor for the time being Sir John Austin Sir John Darrell Michaell Cadman Thomas Tourney Nicholas Mannouch John Spine Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Winchelsea

The Mayor for the time being Robert Austen Esq^ Samuel 1 Westorne Edward Martin.

For Seaford and Pevensey

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Nicholas Pelham William Campion Esquire Sir William Thomas William Kenslay Thomas Row.

For the County Palatine of Lancaster

The Right Honourable Robert Lord Willoughby of F.resby Chancellor of Their Majesties Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster and Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Right Honourable the Earle of Lindsey Lord Great Chamberlaine of England Richard Lord Colchester [eldest13 Sonne and Heire Apparent of Thomas Earle Rivers Charles Lord Brandon eldest Sonne and Heire Apparent of Charles Earl of Maclesfeld and Lord Lieftenant of the said County Palatine The Honourable James Stanley The Honourable Fitton Gerrard Sir Charles Houghton Sir Edmond Ashton Sir Thomas Stanley Sir Ralph Ashton Sir Richard Standish Sir Henry Ashurst Sir Robert Duckenfield Baronets Sir Edward Chisenhall Sir Daniell Fleming Sir Edward Mosely Knights Thomas Cotton Peter Bold Thomas Norris Peter Leigh Roger Noell Roger Kirby Thomas Preston Edward Fleetwood Wiliam Hulton Richard Fleetwood Henry Farrington John Byrom James Holt Benjamin Houghton Lawrence Rausterne William Bancks Robert Parker Richard Brooke Thomas Ashurst James Duckenfeild Thomas Braddyll Thomas Greenhalgh William Kirby John Birch Joshuah Horton John Hartley Alexander Rigby of Layton James Lightbonne James Cherham of Turton Thomas Mort Christopher Parker Thomas Rigby Ralph Lindsay George Pigott Thomas Patten William Knipe Roger Moore John Braddyll Edward Rigby Ralph Longworth Christopher Wilkinson Thomas Leaver Anthony Parker Edward Ogle Joseph Yeates Thomas Dodd Stephen Alcock Silvester Richmond Thomas Cole Thomas Bretherton Alexander Maudesley James Cheetham of Smedley John Ashton Richard Ashton John Starkey Peter Edgerton Nicholas £Towney*3 Miles Sands Bartholomew Heskith Alexander Heskith Thomas Dickinson Robert Roper George Charnes Shaw Robert Atkinson Esquires Thomas Sclater Charles

Davenport Francis Sherrington Thomas Wilson Jonathan Blackborne Thomas Patten of Warrington William Patten of the same Robert [Berkley3] Martin Willis William Fleming John Sawry Samuell Sands William Molineux Nathaniell Molineux Thomas Nailor Richard Dickenson Thomas Bradshaw John Hopwood junior Doctor Grundy Thomas Percivall Nicolas Cuncliffe James Folds William Sagar Ambrose Barcroft John Blacow Magull of Magull John Earle John Wilme Richard Parcivall James Prescott John Case John Wright Henry Latham of Whiston Henry Latham of Kirkdow Richard Houghton Cuthbert Holland George Sharpies Jeffrey Roby Joseph Hudleston Joseph Fletcher John Launder junior Alexander Ratcliffe Esquire Legh

of Westhoughton Robert Markland Gentlemen The Mayor and Bayliffes of Lancaster for the time being John Greenwood Joshua Partington Thomas Shearson Henry Jones Gentlemen Henry West Esquire Robert Sturzaker Thomas Cole junior Gentleman the Mayor of Preston for the time being Roger Sudell senior Roger Sudell junior Daniell Chaddock William Patten Richard Langton William Shaw William Cotton John Atherton Joseph King Gentlemen The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Bayliffes of Wigan for the time being Edward Earle Esquire Catterall of Crooke Gentleman the Bayliffes of Clitherowe for the time being the Mayor of

Liverpoole for the time being [ 4] Tyrer Alderman Windle Peter Atherton John Molyneux Gentlemen.

For the County of Leicester

The High Sheriffe for the County of Leicester for the time being [Thomas Lord Beaumont of the Kingdome of Ireland'] [Thomas Lords] Bennet Lord Sherrard in the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Sir William Rawlinson one of the Lords Commissioners for the Great Seale of England Sir William Villers Sir Thomas Halford Sir 'Thomas Mackwith Sir Beaumont Dixie Sir Henry Hudson Sir Thomas Heisilrig Sir Thomas Beaumont Sir John Noell Sir Roger Cave Sir Richard Nudigate Sir William El is Baronets Sir Ambrose Phillips Sir Edward Wiglcy

■ interlined on the Roll. • Townly 0. 3 Birley 0. « Alderman 0. 4 O. omits.

116

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mae. Sess. 2. c. 1.

Knights John Cooke Jeofrey Palmer Richard Lister senior John De la Fountaine John Verney Thomas Boothby William Boothby William Hartopp Thomas Babington St John Bennet Thomas Caldecote William Cole Samuell Cotton Thomas Pochin William Streete William Whaley Stanhope Whalley Roger Roe Roger Smith George Pochin Christopher Packe Henry Hastings Mathew Johnson Jeremy Dove William Francke George Hewet senior George Hewet junior Richard Brudnall Edward Needham Francis Needham Richard Bradgate William Bainbrig Lawrence Carter Edward Corners Edward Hudson Edward Smith Rowland Browne William Palmer Richard Lister junior George Moreton William Herricke John Wilson John Steale John Wilson William Faunt George Ashby William Bird John Wilkins Henry Kendall Esquires Edward Bigland Serjeant at Law William Woollaston Wolston Dixie William Ilerper John Herper Nathan Wright John Oneby John Major William Skeffington James Armston Thomas Charnells Francis Mundy John Bainbridge Robert Heislrigge William Belgrave William Atkins Henry Henningham John Chamberlaine William Rawlins William Jervis John Benskin Esquires William Whatton John Goodman Thomas Palmer William Major John Hood Tyringham Stephens Michaell Wrightson Thomas May George Vincent William Billers Mathew Symons Henry Dyson Thomas Andrews Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of Leicester

The Mayor of the Burrough of Leicester for the time being Lawrence Carter Nathan Wright William Franke John Major Thomas Babington Esquires Francis Noble William Southwell Andrew Freeman William Deane George Beckett Phillip Abney John Robarts John Goodall George Bent Thomas Ludlam Walter Hood Francis Ward Joseph Craddocke Mathew Simons William [Villers *] William Major Thomas Palmer junior Thomas Wells John Watts John Kilpin William Bentley John Dann John Wilkins John Brooksby Thomas Palmer senior Edmond Johnson Gabrieli Hill John Pare Edmond Cradock Henry Pate Gentlemen.

For the County of Lincolne and City of Lincolne and for the County of the said City.

The Right Honourable George Lord Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby Chauncellor of Their Majestyes Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster and Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Right Honourable the Earle of Lindsey Lord Great Chamberlaine of England Bennet Lord Sherrard The Honourable Nicholas Sanderson The Honourable Peregrine Bertie the Elder The Honourable Charles Bertie the Younger The Honourable Peregrine Bertie junior The Honourable Phillip Bertie The Honourable Charles Sanderson The Honourable William Mountague Craven Howard Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Monson Sir Thomas Hussey Sir John Newton Sir John Brownlow Sir John Tirwitt Sir Robert Markham Sir John Thorold Sir Willoughby Hickman Sir William Ellis Sir Richard Cust Sir Edward Hussey Sir William Buck Sir Richard [Bothwell1] Sir John Oldfield Sir Thomas Trollop Sir John Bolles Sir Walter Clarges Baronets [Sir Tho Meers Sir Edw: Ayscough Knt Sir Thomas Bamardiston Sir William Massenberd, Sir John Sherrard Baronets*3 Sir William Yorke Sir Christopher Nevill Sir Edmond Turner Knights Sir Henry [Henry 43 Heron Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Skipwith Baronet Sir Christopher Nevill Charles Dimock Champion Charles Pelham William Marwood Thomas Broughton William Godfrey Thomas Lister Henry Stones Robert Ryley Noell Neale Edward Paine Edward Mountague John Saunders William Welby William Hyde senior William Hyde junior Anthony Palmer Christopher Clapham Pury Cust Esquires The Maior Aldermen and Recorder of Lincolne The Maior Aldermen and Recorder of Grimsby The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Boston The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Stamford The Aldermen of Grantham Edward Seaker Doctor Leigh John Key Edward Coddington Simon Grant Robert Cole Thomas Cole Nicholas Becke William Clarke Nathaniell Garthwaite Gentlemen Anthony Wingfield Charles Halford Peregrine Bertie of Gedney Esquires The Warden of Louth Charles Fitz Williams John Newton Mountague Cholmley William Brownlow Richard Winch Stephen Rothwell William Trollop Peregrine Buck Esquires John Goodrick Esqs Richard Pell Samuell Ludington Esquires John Browne Gentleman William Mountague Sir Edward Farmer Knight John Bolt John Wood Benjamine King Andrew Burton Gentlemen Gilbert Bery Esqs Peter Bird Gentleman Thomas Berry Ciprian Thornton Edward Journey Christopher Berisford Charles Woolcy Thomas Hall Vincent Grantham [Francis Grantham *3 George Witchcott George Neville Bryan Neville Christopher Aiscough William Oldfield Esquires Deane and Chapter of Lincolne Robert Cawdron George Hill Thomas Cowley Esquires Lake Gentleman John Harvey Esquire

George Fairfax Thomas Young William Tomson of Roxholine Gentlemen John Hussey John Chaplin Mathew Lister Mathew Trollop Robert Rider senior Dimocke Walpoole John Bishop Esquires Richard Torsey John Pindar George Knight Christopher Palmer Gentlemen Sigismond Trafford Francis [Putley53 Peter Short Esquires Benjamine Smith Gentleman Robert Archer Esquire Richard Cuthbert Charles Newcomen Gentlemen Charles Fox Rawston Hart Edward Browne of Iiorbling Esqs Charles Bates Esquire John How Gentleman John Toller EsqN John Greene junior Gent George Langton senior George Langton junior Charles Hutton Robert Fisher Francis Anderson Edmond Anderson Edwin Anderson John Rossiter Esquires James Ashton John Towne George Smith William Bonner Gentlemen Joseph Edmonds Esquire Henry Jenkinson Henry Burrell Captaine Pownell Esquires William Wallett William Ambler Francis Corey Gentlemen Ruben Sparks John Jay Walter Johnson Esquires Martin Johnson Gentleman Robert Tirwhit Esqs Peter Mapletoft John Emerson Gentlemen Daniel 1 Rhodes Esquire John Butler William Cauthrop Gentlemen Daniell de Line Robert Saunders Esquires Adam Bland Gentleman Richard Nelthrop Ciriack Westlid John Thorold Isaac Newton Esq^ John Burslem Thomas [Collivon*] Gentlemen Robert Tigh Thomas Harneys Lucas junior John Burton William Cotton Gentlemen John

Apleyard Francis Aiscough Esquires Thomas Webberley John Key Gentlemen John Evans William Tayler of Heckington Edward Curtis.

• Billers 0. * Rothwell 0. 3 interlined on the Roll. * 0. omits Parley 0. • « Cpllison 0.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

117

For the City of London

Sir Thomas Pilkington Knight Lord Mayor and the Lord Mayor for the time being Sir Thomas Aleine Sir John Lawrence Sir Robert Clayton Sir Patience Ward Sir Robert Jeffrey Aldermen Sir William Pritchard The Recorder for the time being Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Thomas Stampe Sir Samuell Dashwood Sir Benjamine Thorowgood Sir Thomas Kensie Sir William Ashurst Sir John Fleete Sir Peter Rich Sir William Goslin Sir Thomas Lane Sir Humphry Edwin Edward Clarke Sir Francis Childe Aldermen Sir Christopher Lethieulier and Sir John Houblin Aldermen and Sheriffes and the Sheriffes for the time being Sir Henry Ashurst Sir William Turner Sir John Cope Sir William Williams Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Thomas Clargis Sir Mathew Andrews Sir Benjamine Newland Sir John Mathews Sir William Cooper Sir Peter Vandeput Sir Thomas Fowle Sir Jeremy Sambrooke Sir Gabrieli Roberts Sir William Hodges Sir John Lethieulier Sir Ralph B Sir F.ichard

Raines Sir Thomas Halton Sir Thomas Vernon William Kiflin Joseph Herne Thomas Turgis Thomas Papillion Collonell John Birch Thomas Westerne Charles Thorold Thomas Frcdricke Samuell Sumerford Thomas Owen Charles Duncoinbe Jeffery Nightingale Francis Thacker Paul Jodrell George Sitwell Martin Rider Esquires Lucy Knightley Peter Houblan James Houblan John Gardiner William Moyler Charles Chaniberlaine John Jolliffe John Hainond Samuell Mayne Thomas Langham William Faukner Andrew Kenrick Gilbert Heathcot Major Henry Hatley Richard Chiswell Augustin Ballow Phillip Scarfe Thomas Eyre Michacll Godfrey Timothy Lanoy John Deagle Arthur Shallet John Carey Samuell Moyer Daniell Allen James Denew Stephen Evans Francis [Gorfright1 * ] William Gun William Ivat Lieutenant Collonell Robert Hatton William Strudwick George Oxinden Doctor of Laws Samuell Wiggins John Cullum John Rayley Christopher Forster Thomas Firmin John Flavell [William *] Cresner John Morrice William Lethieulier Major Cuthbirt Jacob Foster Daniell Dorvill Francis Chaniberlaine John Ward Francis Griffith John Johnson Robert Dormer Esquire Robert Doddington William Gore Thomas Sandford Francis Dashwood Esquires Captaine John Somers William Walker William Lethelieur Dorvell.

For Serjeants Inne in Fleetstreete.

Lord Chiefe Justice Pollexfen Lord Chiefe Baron Atkins Mr Justice Dolben Mr Justice Rookby Mr Justice [Ventricks3] Mr Baron Lechmere Mr Baron Turton.

For Serjeants Inne in Chauncery Lane

Lord Chiefe Justice Holt Mr Baron Nevill Mr Justice Powell Mr Justice Gregory Mr Justice Eyres Mr Serjeant Hutchins Mr Serjeant George Strode Mr Serjeant Bigland Mr Serjeant Thurbarne.

For the Inner Temple and the Innes of Chauncery belonging thereto viz. Cliffords Inne Clements Inne and

Lyons Inne.

Thomas Trevor William Farrer John Osborne Esquires Sir John Trevor Knight Thomas Farrer Esq^ Sir Robert Sawyer Knight the Honourable Heneage Finch Esq, John Mosier Esq^ Sir William Poultney Knight Charles Holloway Esquire Pauli Foley Esquire Edward Ward William Petyt Esqs Sir Nathaniell Powell Knight.

For the Midle Temple and [Inns4] of Chauncery thereto belonging viz New Inne.

Sir George Treby Knight Their Majestyes Attourney Generali Sir John Sommers Knight Their Majestyes Sollicitor Generali Sir Charles Porter Sir William Whitlock Knights The Honourable Oliver Mountague Richard Wallop Esquires.

For the County of Middlesex

Charles Lord Herbert Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent [tos] his Grace the Duke of Beaufort The Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire Sonne of the Earle of Bedford Charles Lord Cheney Henry Powle Esq, one of their Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill and Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons The Right Honourable Sir John Mainard Knight and Baronet Sir Anthony Keck and Sir William Rawlinson Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seale of England Sir John Holt Knight Lord Chiefe Justice of Their Majestyes Court of Kings Bench Sir Henry Pollexfen Knight Lord Chiefe Justice of Their Majestyes Court of Common Pleas Sir Robert Atkins senior Knight of the Bath Lord Chiefe Baron of Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer The Right Honourable Henry Lord Coleraine of the Kingdome of Ireland Lord Faulkland The Right Honourable Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby Chauncellor of Their Majestyes Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster Sonne and Heire Apparent to Robert Earle of Lindsey Lord Great Cnamberiaine of England Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent to Charles Earl of Maclesfeld The Honourable Henry Paget Esqv The Honourable Sir Robert Howard The Honourable Craven Howard Esqs The Honourable Edward Mountague Esq^ Sir Charles Gerrard Sir William Cooper Sir William Robarts Baronets Sir Anthony Craven Knight and Baronet Sir William Smith Sir Cave James Sir Richard Fisher Sir Paul Whichcott Sir William Barkham Sir Thomas Pope Blum Sir Hele Hooke Sir Thomas Litleton Baronets Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Poultney Sir Robert Henley Sir Thomas Byde Sir William Cooper Sir John Elwes Sir James Butler Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Rowe Sir Richard Dounton Sir William Hill Sir Francis Pemberton Sir Henry Johnson Sir Theodore do Vaux Sir John Berry Sir Thomas Kensey Sir Bazill Firebrasse Sir William Hedges Sir Mathew Andrews Sir Charles Cotterell Sir Edward Waldoe Sir Thomas Grantham Sir John Roberts Sir Purbecke Temple Sir William Perkins Sir Goddard Nelthopp Sir Edward Abney Sir Adam Otteley Sir James Astrey Sir Francis Childe Knights Sir 'Thomas Hodgshon Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Sir Michaell Heneage Sir William Ashurst

1 Gosright O. « John O. 3 Ventris O. 4 Inn 0. 5

H h

Yol. VI.

118

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.l.

A.D. 16B8.

Sir Robert Henley Sir Walter Clarges Sir William Pritchell Knights Sir William Wogan Serjeant at Law Charles Mountague Esquire Sir Richard Newdigate Baronet Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Marwood Baronet Sir John Bancks Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Ashurst Baronet Sir Charles Umphrevill Robert Dormer Esq Ralph Bucknall Richard Onslow of Hatton-Garden (*) Thomas Done Brooke Bridges Esquires Auditors of Their Majestyes Imprest John Philips Esquire Auditor of Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer Nicholas Rainton John Wolstenholme Josua Galliard James Munday William Avery John Smith Adam Andrews Edward Harris John Huxley John Bathurst Thomas Austen William Austen William Tate William Blucke Peniston Whaley Cheeke Gerrard Thomas Francklin Richard Page John Nicholl Lancelot Lake Edmond Prideaux John Carpender Thomas Napier Ralph Hawtrey George Sitwell Edward Maplisden Richard Shorditch John Stanion Francis Ashby Lancelot Johnson Roger Jennings Francis Merrick Thomas Harrison John Walker of Hillingdon William Gulston John Walker of Hadley James Chadwick William Mellith James Southaby Henry Hawley Christopher Clitherowe Nicholas Grice Thomas Owen John Davenport Robert Beale Robert Newdigate Henry Collins Thomas Pearshouse Henry Reynell Thomas Wood Leonard Hamond Charles Duncombe John Jones Thomas Manning Daniell Proctor John Slater Humphrey Etherington Henry Barker Esq Clerke of the Crowne Robert Sheffield Thomas Henshaw Thomas Methold John Creed Gregory King Thomas Webb Thomas Henslo Thomas Aston Francis Brand Richard Tayler Anthony Nourse Thomas Gregg Edward Allen John Raymond Richard Cradock Isaac Honey wood Paul Jodrell Clerke to the Honourable House of Commons Richard Aston Thomas Harriot Thomas Hall James Dewey Thomas Smith William Culliford Jeffery Nightingall William Withers John Perry Edward Northey Francis Tison Thomas Cooke Thomas Casse Thomas Johnson Lucy Knightley Pauli Duckmanque Peter Bundue Boone

William Willis Will: Johnson Nathaniell Owen Captaine Will. [Windy1] Captaine John North Captaine Will. Wifeild [Captaine John North Captaine Will: Ifeild3] George Ford [Henry4] Wakelin Henry Russell Richard Savile Henry Risby (5) Joseph Blisset Craven Peyton Ralph Bucknall John Le Neve Henry Hassard Samuel! Bucke Richard Milner Narcissus Lutterell Francis Twisden William Bridges Thomas Hobbs Robert Heyton William Freeman of St Giles Thomas Simpson Albion Chaire William Thursby Esq John Cooke Thomas Windford William Tempest Esquires Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster Francis Browne Samuell Somerford Edmond Griffen Roger Stoughton Anthony Rowe Samuell Buck William Etricke Edward Bide Ralph Bide Hugh Simpson John Crosse Thomas Milward Robert Clerkson Foote Onslow Charles [Bouxton6] Francis Thacker Edward Noell Esquires Thomas Rudd John Hall Gentlemen The Honourable Thomas Newport Esq James Chadwicke Esq Charles Hawtrey John Jennings of Hesse Dixon of Hesse Adam Wareing William Fenn John Page senior Richard Lugg William Walker Nathaniell Lacy Henry Burdet of Tottenham Samuell Pointer William Bampfield Richard Cheslin William Webb Abraham Nelson Robert Skinner John Hookes Ambrose Isted Thomas Harris Anthony [Guidott7] George Edwards Carew Guydot Samuell Trotman John Cannon John Meridale John Baley Francis Barry James Alter Smart Goodenough William Warr John Bourne Robert Cowden Captaine Richard Chinay George Board Nathaniell Mountage John Goldsborow Thomas Grumble Captaine John Field Buckler Buggins Robert Clarkson Ralph Coule Mr Palmer Mr Midleton Mr Bay ley Gentlemen.

For the City and Liberty of Westminster Edward Lord Cornbury Lord Faulkland of the Kingdome of Ireland the Honourable Sir Robert Howard Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Poultney Richard Lord Gorges in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Thomas Newport Sir Peter Colliton Sir Walter Clerges Sir Thomas Rowe Sir Samuell Grimston Sir John Cutler Phillip Howard Esqs Craven Howard Esq Sir Phillip Meadowes Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Charles Cotrcll Sir John Elwes Sir Christopher Wrenn Sir Roger Langley Sir Charles Umfrevill Collonell Sackvill William Bridgeman Richard Morley Esquires Thomas Done Brooke Bridges Hugh Squire John Poultney Esquires John Phillips James Vernon Charles Toll Charles Bertie Robert Nott Charles Bonithon Paul Jodrell Tho: Watkins Andrew Lawrence Edmond Waller David Crawford Henry Thynn William Ball Albaine Cheere Thomas Sackvile Anthony [Now8] John Smalbone John Currance John Creed Simon Smith Esqrs Simon Smith Merchant Walter Bridall Joshua Drayner Francis Negos John Martin Charles Twitty Morris Hunt Bartholomew Fillingham William Lownes Esqs Phillip Rylcy Robert Squib Esquires Crispe Grange Edmund Godwin Edmund Fuller Thomas Templeman John Worley. John Stone Michaell Miles Robert Briceden William Masked [Dionesius*] Andrewes • Ralph Hutchinson Ralph Marshall Esq Edmund Woodruffe Esq Robert Gisbume Charles Rampanie William Shaw Esquire John Tully Marke Lawnc Richard Fitzgerald John Ressington Matthias Cooper John Pottinger Esq Charles Chctwind Gentleman Sir Robert Henley Knight William Thursby Esq John Cooke Thomas Winford William Tempest John Frost Esquires Richard Campion William Greene Erasmus Dryden John England Richard Stephens Joseph Biscow Samuell Birch John Comes Alexander Mann James Hulker James Chace George Nicholas Anthony Crahreede John Tisser Esquire Doctor William Stockholme Doctor [Fieldencie,0] James Coningham John Ward Esq Mordet Creherode

Nehemiah Arnold John Taylder Thomas Martis Mr Withins Robert Brock William Salisbury Mr Thomas

Browne John Dolben William Hooker Edward Noell John Squibb Esquires William Bamaby Charles Brandon Butler Buggins Thomas Hall Esquire Garrard Cotter Thomas Watson Esq Richard Rider George Bishop Robert Harrison John Wilson Charles Mainewareing Esq Thomas Broughton Esq Richard Adams Goldsmith and Sir Cornwall Bradshaw All the Officers of the Board of GreeneCloath for the time being Augustin Beare Thomas Owen Esq Michaell Babbington Charles Twidder Collonell Edward Mayne Bartholomew Fillingham John Anger Richard Fisher Joseph Cragg Esquires Simon Smith Esq Robert Stretur Robert Wood William Richards Esq, The Honourable Thomas Newport Esquire John Smith Esq Sir Francis Childe Knight Sir Thomas Litleton John Walker [John11] Gulston Humphry Ethrington William Mellish Esquires William Wogan Sergeant at Law James Sotherby Thomas Mansell John Briscoe William Gulston Esquires Doctor Harvey Charles Peters Benjamin Schodee.

» Esquire 0. * Wildy 0. * 0. omits. « William O. * Dethick 0. • Bonyton 0.

Guydott 0. 8 Row 0. • Dionisius 0. *° Fcilding O. " William 0.

J. 0.168 8.

119

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

For the Society of Grays-Inne and the Innes of Chancery thereto belonging Viz Staple lime and Barnards Inne.

Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir John Otway Knight John Amhurst George Gifford Samuell Buck Thomas Temple Warner South Ralph Cooke Thomas Godrin Reginald Bretland John Brewer Richard Vaughan Roger Fenwick Esquires.

For Lincolns Inne and Inns of Chauncery thereto belonging viz

Sir William Yorke Knight Sir James Boteler Knight John F.ldred James Stedman Luke Astrey John Hely Robert Eyres Edward Stroude Thomas Windham Roger Mompesson Robert Dormer Esquires Thomas Washer Gentleman John Hawles.

For the County of Monmouth

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Duke of Beaufort Sir Charles Kemeys Sir Trevor Williams Sir John Morgan Baronets Sir Rowland Gwyn Sir James Herbert Knights Thomas Morgan of Tredegar Richard Lewis John Williams Henry Probert Thomas Lewis John Arnold Charles Van Richard Lister John Howe Thomas Morgan of Lawrumney Charles Price Hopton Williams Henry Morgan of Bedwelly Edmond Morgan Edward Jones Roger Oates George Kemeys Edward Perkins John Morgan of Tredegar Lewis Morgan Capell Hanbury Thomas Jones John Walter John Floyer Charles Hughes Robert Gunter James Morgan of Lantilio Pertholey Charles Morgan of Tredegar John Prichard of Campson Nicholas Parker Christopher Price Nicholas Arnold George Harris Walter Williams Thomas Williams Rodericke Gwynn Morgan Chambers David Morgan Mathew Powell Henry Tomkins Richard Roberts John Scudamore Martin Scudamore James Morgan Esquires William Blethin Edward Kemeys John Lewis of Ifton Hill John Morgan of Ballendege John Ketchmay Rowland Williams Matthias Bird Walter Aldey Robert Jones Charles Williams Nehemiah Williams John Morgan of Grace Due John Craggs Walter Fortune William Morgan Theophilus Reynolds Richard Jones Walter Cecill John Jones Roger Williams John Harris of Bergavenny William Powell of Poole Hall Richard Vaughan Francis Williams Morgan Thomas John Watkins Trevor Merricke William Evans William Price John Gwilliam Francis Pritchard Nathan Rogers Shelden Powell the Mayor of Monmouth the Mayor of Newport the Portreve of Uske the Bayliffe of Abergavenny Israeli Waters Hugh Harris William Seyes Charles Jones of Magor Henry Ocold William Pritchard of Langattock William George of the same George Lewis of Saint Peere John Morgan of Lanthewy James Springet Michaell Bohume Clarke of Grace Due Gentleman.

For the County of Norfolk.

Sir Robert Bacon Sir Henry Hobart Sir Robert Drury Sir John Holland Sir Augustine Palgrave Sir John [Petrust1] Sir Robert Kemp Sir Jacob Asteley Sir Roger Potts Sir Thomas Ward Sir William Cooke Sir Edmond Doyley Sir Thomas Adams Sir Peter Glean Sir Thomas Gerrard Baronets Sir Nevill Catelin Sir Francis Guybon Sir William Rant Sir John Turner Sir Edward Chisonhall Sir Cerill Wich Rich: Perry of Kirby Thomas Knivet Robert Walpole John Harbord Edmond Woodhouse John Warkhouse John Knivett Thomas Bacspoole James Hoste Robert Wardell Joathiin Mathews Percy Freake John Herne William Stone John Jay Robert Coney Gabrieli Ariniger Richard Wyth Francis Gardner Robert Sucklin John Woodhouse Francis Windham Charles Le Grosse Edward Soame John Norris Daniell Bedingfield Christopher Crow Robert Wilson Edward Wilson Erasmus Earle Thomas Browne Francis Repps John Repps Charles Wright Riches Browne Henry Negus John Herne Robert Davy Arthur Branthwait Nathaniell Simons Edmond Brittiffe George England Edmond Lamb Hatton Berners Robert Day John Ayd Thomas Wright Hugh Hovell Edward Le Strange Henry Marsham William Oldfield Clement Hearne Robert Gouch Thomas Townshend John Thurston John Cropley Isaac Preston Thomas Bulwer Brigg Fountaine William Branthwaite Robert [ Brainsby1 ] Benjamin England Phillip Bedingfield Francis Negus Richard Carter John Brewster Valentine Pell James Host junior Thomas Rant Robert Doughty Augustine Briggs Samuell Fuller Robert London of Loddon Oliver Neve John Anguish Mundiford Spelman Leonard Mayes Francis Thursby George Townshend Gascoin Weld Anthony Freston Thomas Talbott John Richmond Edward Osborne Gardiner Hewit John Pannell John Mingay Robert Buxton William Sydley Israeli Long Thomas Blotield [ Esquires1] Robert Herne Robert Stileman Francis Dusgate Doctor Pepper John Page Richard Ferier Lucy Blackman John Castle Edward Bulwer Robert [Jenny4] John Houghton Brampton Gourdon Jonathan Simonds William Rudin Thomas Saunders Ralph Hare James Ward Esq> Thomas Crick Charles Turner junior Brograve of Thorpland

Birken Benjamin Dethwick John Burrowes of De Thomas Newman Roger Jennings junior Esqs Sir Phillip Skippon Denzell Onslow Esq^ Sir Robert Clayton.

For the City and County of the City of Norwich.

The Mayor for the time being Robert Davie Esq^ Recorder Robert Ward Esq, Steward Sir Nevill Catlin Thomas Blofield Esq The two Sheriffes for the time being Thomas Wisse (*) Robert Bendish Hugh Bokenham Robert Freeman John Low Nicholas Helwis Francis Gardiner William Salter Phillip Stebbing John Wrench Thomas Cooke [Esqs6] Robert Cooke Leonard Osbourne Jeremy Wynne Augustine Briggs Nicholas Bickerdicke John Ward John Leverington William Guybon Michaell Beverley Samuell Warkehouse Thomas Postle Lawrence Goodwin Aldermen Doctor Fairefax Deane of Norwich Doctor Pepper Thomas Townshend Esq John Mingay Francis Bacon Thomas Bacon Arthur Branthwaite [ Esquires7] John Barnhani John Dersley John Macherell Gent.

‘ Pettus 0. * Bransby 0. 3 Esquire 0. « Jermy O:

» Esquire 0. 6 Esquire 0. y Esquire 0.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess/2. c. 1.

A.D. 1688.

For the Burrough of Great Yarmouth.

The Bayliffes for the time being George England Esq* Steward Samuell Fuller Robert Bramsby Esquires Edmond Thaxter Richard Huntington Peter Caulier Mitchell Mew George Ward Thomas England Thomas Bradford Bcnjamine England John Robbins John Ferrier Nathaniell Simons Thomas Godfrey Gabrieli Ward Richard Ferrier Alderman.

For the Burrough of Kings Lynn.

The Mayor for the time being Daniell Bedingfield Recorder Sir John Turner Sigismond Trafford Benjamin Holly Giles Bridgeman John Kidd Edmond Hooke Benjamine Keene Charles Peast Henry Bell Charles Turner Ciprian Anderson.

For Thetford

Sir John Holland Sir Francis Guybon Wormly Hetherset William Croply John Thurstone Charles Wright Thomas Wright Edmond de Gray Morris Kendall John Draper Edmond Winwood Thomas Smith Robert Caudell.

For the County [of1 *] Northampton

Jeremy Dove of Nottingham Arthur Brookes of Great Oakely Thomas Maidwell of Geddington Esquires Robert Barton of Brigstocke Gentleman Sir William Farmer of Easton Weston Baronet Francis Arundell of Stocke Parke Francis Crane of the same Thomas Jennings of Hartwell Esq, Samuell Rolt of Alverton Gentleman John Parkhurst of Catesby Henry Benson of Dadford Richard Butler senior of Preston Capes John Combes of Daventree William Adams of Charwehon John Winston of Everdon Esquires Sir William Craven of Winwick Knight Sir Roger Cave Baronet William Bateman of Gilsburrow Esq, Sir Saint Andrew Saint John of Woodford Baronet John Bridges of Barton Segrave John Weaver of Cranford William Fleetwood of Alwinckle Thomas Malsho of Twywell Henry Sawyer of Kettering Thomas Catesby of E&on William Wilmore of Sywell Goddard Pemberton of Higham Ferrers Esquires The Mayor of Higham Ferrers for the time being Thomas Ekins of Rushden William Alston of Strixton John Wiseman of Boseatt Francis Harby of Adston Thomas Trist of Maidford Jacob Dancer of Siresham Esquires Sir Thomas Samuell of Baronet Thomas Andrewes of Harleston Henry Rushton of Floore Richard

Rainsford of Pallington John Thornton of Brockhall Robert Breton of Teeton Esquires Sir John Pickering of Tytchmarsh Sir Mathew Dudley Baronets Jeffery Palmer of Stocke Doyle Sydney Wortley ats Mountague Charles Fitzwilliams Gilbert Dolben Henry Neale of Stamford Baron John Royley of the same William Clarke of Dorsthorpe Thomas Hacke of Peterburrough Esquires John Carrier of the same Gentleman John Dickinson of the same Esquire John Wildbore of the same Gentleman Sir Justiniam Isham Baronet Sir William Langham Knight Edward Saunders of Brixworth Harrald Kinsman of Broughton Bernard Walcot of Oundle Thomas Colthurst of [Warrington1] Esquires Mathew Orleber of Polebrooke Gentleman Francis Lane of Clendon Andrew Lant of Thorpe Underwood Robert Mansell of Thorpe Mansor John Allicock of [Hoddington3 ] Thomas Langham of Arthingworth Esquires Lord Wainman Sir Pope Danvers Baronet William Lisle of Evenly Samuell Trist of Culworth John Bagshaw of the same John Creswell ofPurston John [Wodell4] of Fenford Esquires John Blencow Sergeant at Law the Mayor of Brackley for the time being Robert Frueing of Brackley Gentleman Francis Morgan of Kingsthorpe Edward Stratford of Overston William Thursby of Abbington Harvey Ekins of Weston Flamell William Benson of Towcester Richard Lockwood of Gayton Edward Mountague of Horton Henry Farmer Henry Edmonds of Preston William Tate of Delaprec Toby Chauncey of Edgecott Esquires Thomas Wagstaffe of Boddington Gentleman Francis [Woodhill5] of Warden Gentleman Edward Bagshaw of Aston on the Walls Samuell Tryone of Colly weston Thomas Jackson of Duddington Esquires.

For the Towne of Northampton

Mayor of Northampton for the time being Robert Heslerig Esquire Gerrard Gore Esq, Salathiell Lovell Sergeant at Law Robert Breton Esq, John Knight Gent Richard Willoughby Esq John Selby John Brafield John Clarke Edward [Knight6] Robert Ives.

For the County of Northumberland

Sir Ralph Delavall Sir John Heron Sir William Midleton Sir Thomas Lorraine Sir William Blacket (7) Baronets Sir Ralph Jennison Sir Robert Fenwicke Sir Francis Blake Knights Ralph Delavall William Forster Phillip Bickerstaffe Roger Fenwicke Phillip Babington Thomas Forster John Shaftoe John Salkcld Robert [Whitford*] of Sighell Thomas Forster of Cornwall Thomas Collingwood John Blackiston John Hindmarsh Robert Bewick John Samaby William Strother of Fobeny William Ogle William Carr Michaell Welden Henry Holmes Francis Addison Charles Howard Joseph Carr Patricius Crowe William Revelly George Delavall Thomas Blenkinship Robert Hebron John Bacon John Blacket Robert Lawson Thomas Allgood Robert Shaftoe Esquires Robert Lisle John Proctor Richard Forster John Colson Samuell Salkeld William Ramsey of Brinckbume William Strother of Grindon Rigg Francis Forster John Gray of Howick William Fenwicke Arthur Fenwicke Bayliffes of Morpeth Robert Fenwicke Ralph Gery of Backworth George Lawson John Fenwicke Ralph Brandling Gilbert Parke George Wilson Ralph Anderson William Peirson Thomas Gray Gent George Collingwood Esq.

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tyne.

William Carr Esq Mayor Sir Robert [ Shafts9] Knight Recorder Sir William Blacket Baronet Sir Ralph Carr Knight Timothy Davison Esq, George Moreton Esq, Timothy Robson Esq, Nicholas Fenwicke Esq, William Aubeny Esq Nicholas Ridley Esq, William Ramsey Esq, William Proctor Esq, Aldermen William Fetherston Sheriffe.

1 0, omits. 3 Warmington 0. 3 Loddington O. 4 Woodhall O. Woodhull 0.

6 Knighton 0. 7 Sir Francis Lyddell 0. * Mitford O. * Shafto 0.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

m

For the Towne of Berwicke

Ephraim Nealson Esq> Mayor Sir Francis Blake Knight Phillip Babbington Esq^ Anthony Compton John Lucke Stephen Jackson Edward Nealson senior John Sleath Robert Watson Mark Scott Cuthbert Brady William Scott.

For the County of Nottingham

Patricius Viscount Chaworth of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Anchitell Grey Esq., The Honourable William Byron Esqs Sir Thomas Willoughby Baronet Sir Thomas [Perkins'] Baronet Sir Scroope How Francis Pierpoint William Sacheverell Richard Mansfeild Thomas Lewis William Williams Charles Hutchinson Phillip Sherrard Esquires John Kerchervile of Orson Gentleman William Woolehouse Gentleman Richard Fanes of [Esperton2] Gent Thomas Barret Gent Sir William Stanhope Henry Bambrig Gent Thomas Sharpe of Barnby Gent Henry Sherbrooke [Gent* *] Arthur Warren Richard Slater Gilbert Millington Robert Sherbrooke William Burnell Esquires Francis Mollineux Charles Stanhope William [Pickney4] Darcy Mollineux John Digby John Strey Thomas Bristow Gentleman John Thornhaugh John White John Knight Richard Tayler William Mellish of Blyth Francis Jessopp Francis Sandys Francis Stringer Gervas Eyre John C.lerkson John Storey Esquires William Simpson (5) [Jeremy Halsey3] Gentleman The Mayor of Newarke for the time being The six senior Aldermen for the time being Doctor Yarborough Samuell Ellis Gentleman Timothy Ellis Gentleman Snell Gentleman William Clay of

Newarke William Welby Gentleman The Bayliffes of Retford for the time being William Lane Esq^ William Dunston Simon Woolby James Mason William Hydes Thomas Sharpe Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Nottingham

Charles Harvey Esq, Maior John Dane Esq^ Francis Jessop Esq> Richard Mansfield Esquire Samuell Staples Esqs George Langford Alderman John Hawkins Alderman William Greaves senior Gentleman William Drury senior Gent Thomas Trigg Gent.

For the County of Oxford

Anthony Lord Viscount Faulkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Richard Lord Wainman Viscount Tuan of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Lord Tiveott of the Kingdome of Scotland Mountague Ix>rd Norreys Sonne and Heire Apparent to James Earle of Abington The Honourable Richard Hambdcn one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill [The Honble Henry Bertue Esqd] Sir John Cope Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir Fairmedon Penniston Sir William Walter Sir Edward Reade Sir William Clynne Sir Edmond Fettyplace Sir Litleton Osbaldiston Sir Robert Dashwood Sir John Holman Sir Thomas Litleton Sir John Doyley Sir Thomas Cobb Sir James Chamberlaine Sir William Rich Baronets Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Norreis Sir Timothy Tyrrell Sir Thomas Tipping Sir James Hayes Sir Thomas Clayton Sir Thomas Rowe Sir Rowland Lacy Sir Sebastian Smith Sir William Whitlocke Sir Edmond Warcopp Knights Anthony Hungerford Thomas Tipping Richard Libb Esquires Edward Barry John Stone [Carelstone Stone6] John Hambden George Alnutt Henry Alnutt Francis Clarke William Lenthall John Dormer George Chamberlaine Rich [Chamberlaine3] William Cannocke Thomas Herd William Bayley John Croke Harry Cole Henry Heylin Robert Barber Robert Perrott James Perrett Richard Powell William Pudsey Robert Sheppard Thomas Coghill Henry Hall John Wallis Esquires Adam Springall Robert Jennings Thomas [Brightam7] Symon Harcourt Thomas Wheate Robert Mayott Alexander Denton Edmond Goodier Joseph Rawlinson Henry Ayleworth Henry Beeson and Edward Masters Doctors in Law Charles Holloway John West William Oakly Ralph Holt Humphry Wickham John Gunne Lenthall Trotman John Bray William Walker John Danvers Sunnybancke Veisay Roger Price Thomas Woodhall William Sacheverill Thomas Osbaldestone Henry Peacocke Samuell Trotman Thomas Crispe of Damford George Tipping of Draycott James Herbert Esq^ William Tippinge of Ewelme Esqs Richard Breddocke Lacy Osbaldestone William Blake Bartholomew Harris John Parsons George Woodward John Wickham Mr Gregory of Ilorley George Cave Simon Worwood A Deane John Carey Thomas Rowney Richard Tayler of Wilscott Francis Knapp Robert Parsons Henry Streete Richard Stephens Thomas Carter Gilbert Jackson John Striblehill John Ilickford Francis Greenway Richard [Evans8] Anthony Evans Thomas Greenwood Thomas Napper Richard Thompson Nicholas Busby Hawkins of Milton Sutton Coghill

John Coghill Martin May John Wheeler John Crispe Lawrence Lord John Croker John Dodwell John Wise of Drayton John Smith Giles Diston Thomas Rolles Richard Croke Richard Blackhall George Gooding of Latchford John Moreton Robert Standard Bezaliell Knight Gentlemen The Mayor Aldermen and Towne Clerke of the Towne of Woodstocke for the time being The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Towne Clerke of Banbury for the time being The Warden of Henly for the time being The Bayliffes of Chipping Norton Burford and Whitney for the time being Arthur Warren Esquire John Coker Gentleman John [Winslow9] Edward Whistler of Gathampton Gentleman

For the University of Oxford Doctor Jonathan Edwards Vice Chancellor the Honourable Heneage Finch Esqs the Honourable William Leopald Finch Warden of All Soules Sir Thomas Clayton Knight Warden of Merton Colledge Sir Thomas Clergis Knight Doctor Henry Aldrich Deane of Christ Church Doctor John Hough Doctor Henry Beeston Doctor William Levinz Doctor Robert Sey Doctor Timothy Halton Doctor William Jane Cannon of Christ Church Doctor John Hamond of the same Doctor John Hall Doctor Ralph Bathurst Doctor Arthur Berry Doctor Thomas Turner Doctor Thomas Bouchier Doctor Richard Lydell the Proctors for the time being Mr Benjamin Cooper Mr John Haslewood Mr John Crosse Mr John Fulks Mr George Thompson Mr Thomas Moore Mr Edward Bartlet.

1 Parkyns O. 1 Eperston O. 3 interlined on the Roll. 4 Pinckney 0. 3 Gentleman O.

* Careltonstone O. 7 Brigham O. 9 Eyans 0. *• Winlow 0.

li

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

A.D. 16SS.

For the City of Oxford

The Mayor for the time being the Honourable Henry Bertie Esc^ Sir Edward Norris Knight Sir John Cope Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Doyley Sir Robert Dashwood Baronets Sir William Walker Knight John Townshend Thomas Fifeild and Thomas Eustices Aldermen William Wright Recorder Collonell Henry Cope Tobias Browne John Bowell John Crony Thomas Hunsden Edward Combs Charles Holloway and John Bateman Esquires Charles Harris Gentleman and Edward Prince Towne Clerke Sir Robert Harrison Thomas Bee and Richard Keats Bailiffes of the said City.

For the County of Rutland

The Right Honourable Bennet Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland the Honourable Phillip Sherrard Esqs Sir Thomas Mackworth Baronet Sir Thomas Barker Baronet William [Palmer1 *] Esq>, Bennet Sherrard F.sq^ John Verney Esq, Samuel 1 Browne Esq^ Charles Halford Christopher Browne Edward Faulkener Robert [Mackleworth*] Cornelius Burton Edward Horseman Edward Browne John Weaver Charles Tyrrell Edward Faulkener junior John Flavell Wellesborne Sill Richard Snow Thomas Hayes Anthony Palmer Esquires Richard Mathew [Andrew3] Burton Gentlemen.

For the County of Salop.

The Honourable Richard Newport & [Andrew Newport*] Esquires Sir Henry Litleton Sir William Levison Gore Sir William Whitmore Sir Humphry Briggs Sir John Corbet Sir Francis Lawley Sir Uvevat Corbett Sir Edward Ackton Sir Francis Edwards Sir Thomas Litleton Sir William [Williams3] Baronets Sir Job Charlton Sir Lacon William Childe Knight Sir Thomas Woolrich Baronet Sir John Trevor Sir Thomas Jones Sir Adam Oatley Sir Robert Owen Sir John Edwards Sir William Forrester Knights Jervas Picrpoint William Fowler Francis Charleton of Appley John Charleton John Walcott Charles Manwairing Francis Forrester Edward Leighton Richard Lister Edward Kineston of Oately Edward Kineston of Hordley Thomas Baudiwin John Kineston Phillip Prince Henry [Harbert4] Francis Herbert [Edward3] Owen of Condover George Welt Humphry Briggs William Oatley Robert Corbett Thomas Rocke John Coates Richard [Moore3] Walter Wairein Charles [Badwin3] Charles Coates Robert Cresset Robert Owen Roger Pope senior Roger Pope junior Thomas Lloyd Richard Creswell John Lacon Thomas [Oatley6] Litleton Powis Henry Newton Francis Charlton of Whitton Thomas Cornwall Andrew Hill Bartholomew Lutley Thomas Hill of Souton Thomas Kinncrslcy Thomas [Hanmore7] Henry Davenport Eldred Lancelott Leigh of Alveley Thomas Langley Robert Harley Richard Mason Thomas Childe Thomas Spratt William Williams John Uxley John Chetwind Downes of Put slow Edward Kerry Orlando Nicholls Richard Mitton Edward Cludd Rowland Hunt Henry Powell Jonathan Langley Tho Lister Tho Edwards Rich: Corbert Robert Clowes John Tayleur Thomas Burton Thomas Smalman Soudley Eaton Robert Pigott Thomas Wingfield Thomas Mackworth John Edwards of Rormgton John Powell Thomas Powell Thomas Acton John Warter Francis Berkley Arthur Weaver James Grove Thomas Jobber Robert Lloyd John Whitehall Henry Mitton William Heyward Esquires the Mayor of Salop for the time being the Bayliffes of Ludlow for the time being the Bayliffes of Bridgenorth for the time being the Bayliffes of Bishops Castle for the time being the Bayliffes of Wenlock for the time being the Bayliffes of Oswestrey for the time being Richard Carew Edward Owen of Pulley William Jones Charles Herbert Ralph Browne Thomas Sandford Esquires Job Walker Edward Mitton William Leeke Richard Hosier Richard Sailer Edward Gosnell Roger Griffith Samuell Wollaston Richard Betton John Langley of the Tuckis Adam Wareing Richard Deaves William Grosvenour Richard Jenkins Samuell Bowdler Simon Hanmer Jonathan Scott Collins Wolrich Richard Muccleston Robert Wood John Bright Edward Pulley Thomas Hawkes William Bridgen Thomas Crompton John Morris Thomas Sabry Thomas Hill of Alkaston John Atkinson Doctor of Physicke Timothy Hassell Samuell Sandford George Chambre Jonathan Wingfield [Jonathan8] Latham George Walker John Langley of the Amys William Kinaston Lancelott Stephens Phillip Cole John Colbach

Francis Boycott Thomas Rogers Richard Walker Thomas Hincks Robert Smith John Fowler Thomas Mason

Richard [Ridby4] Edward Brooks of Stretton Richard Bradley Alexander Midleton Edward Mathews Humphrey Owen Samuell Hunt Francis Butler John Parker Arthur Tong and John Clarke Gent.

For the County of Somerset The Right Honourable Maurice Lord Viscount Fitzharding The Honourable Sir Edward Seymour Baronet Sir William Portman Baronet Sir John Smith Baronet Sir Edward Windham Baronet Sir John Trevillion Baronet Sir Francis Warr Baronet Sir Haswell Tynts Baronet Sir Thomas Bridgesse Knight Sir William Basset Knight Sir Edward Phillips Knight Sir John St Barb George Horner Edward Gorges Francis Lutterell Nathaniell Palmer Edward Barker Thomas Windham John Hunt Henry Bull John Sandford William Hellier junior Thomas Saunders Esquires Henry Rolls Esq^ Thomas Beare of Huntsome in [the'°] County of Devon Will: Helyar senior Warwicke Bampfield John Pigott Edward [Barber"] William Gore William Lacy senior George Long Thomas Chaffin John Spekee Thomas Carew Edmond Windham Baldwin Mallet John Bluet John Ashford Joseph Langhton Henry

Mompesson William Strode Henry Gould William Coward William Phillips William Ettericke Richard Morgan

Edward Hobbs Esquires William Coward Richard Crosse Edward Clarke John Champneys Alexander Lutterell James Prowse James Webb William Hiliard of Sea Henry late George Clerke Thomas Strode of Maperton Robert Syderfin Ferrers Grisley Thomas Langhton Harry Roynon William Harbin Andrew Crosse Francis Vaughan John How Richard pLanfdowne1*] George Doddington William Cutford James Cade John Worth William Player George Musgrave Samuell Gorges William Westley William Hughs Janies Twiford Richard Cox John Hody

1 Palmes 0. * Mackworth 0. 3 interlined on the Roll. 3 Herbert 0. 1 Baldwin 0.

<• Otteley 0. 1 Hanmer 0. * John O. 9 Ridly O. O. omits. 11 Baber 0. ,a Launsdawne 0,

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

123

junior John Sandys Roger Leversage William Whitchurch senior William Whitchurch junior Phillip Bennet Edward Thurston Cornelius Lyde John Acourt Thomas Ledgenham William Champneys Summer of Wello John

Burland Samuell Raymond William Dyke William Blackford William Bacon George Bacon Robert Blake Matthias Han vile Henry Prater William Boulton Mr Blackdon of Milton Samuell Bindon Richard Snow Francis Hobart Thomas Towills John Lucas Merchants.

For the City and County of the City of Bristoll

Arthur Hart Esq^ Mayor Sir Richard Hart Knight Sir Richard Crumpe Knt [Sir Thomas'] Earle Knight Sir John Knight Sir William C.lutterbooke Knight Sir William Haman Knight Sir William Merricke Knight Sir William Cann John Hicks William Crabb Joseph Cresswicke Abraham Saunders William Swimmer Richard Lane Thomas Day William Jackson Edward Fielding [ Esquire1] William Pawlet Serjeant at Law and Recorder Esq^ William Downing Esquire John Bubb John Blackersell Sheriffes George Hart Nathaniell Driver Edmond Arundell Giles Merricke James Twiford Robert Yate George Morgan Edward Tocnell John Sandford Samuell Wallis John Hyne Thomas Cole George White John Dutton Colt Esquires Michaell Pope Merchant Robert Henley Thomas Edwards Gentlemen Richard Codrington John Yeomans senior Merchant.

For the City of Bath

The Right Honourable Maurice Lord Viscount [Fitcharding1] Sir William Bassett Knight The Mayor for the time being Walter Gibbs Benjamin Baber Edward Bushell Alderman.

For the City of Wells

Edward Berkley Esqs Thomas Windham Esq^ The Mayor for the time being William Coward Recorder George Doddington Esq> William Hughs Gent Richard Thomas.

For the Burrough of Bridgewater

Sir Francis Warr Baronet Henry Bull Esqv The Mayor for the time being Alderman Popham Alderman Gilbert.

For the County of Stafford

The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Mazarine of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Gray The Honourable Henry Pagitt The Honourable William Ward Esquires Sir Thomas Pershall Sir Will: Levison Gower Sir Walter Wrotesley Sir Henry Litleton Sir Edward Litleton Sir John Boyer Sir Thomas Bcllet Sir Francis Lawley Sir Michaell Biddulph Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Charles Wousley Baronets Sir Bryan Broughton Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Gough Sir Charles Skrimshire Sir John Floyer Knights Walter Chetwind William Chetwind John Chetwind Henry Boyle Thomas Broughton Edward Litleton Thomas Lane Humphrey Wyrley Robert Burdett John Every John Lawton George Rodney Bridges Robert Leveson Phillip Foley Esquires Rowland Oakeover Henry Vernon Thomas Kinnerslcy senior Thomas Kinnersley junior Thomas Lawley William Crompton Thomas Rudiard John [How3] William Parker George Parker John Swinfin Edward Birch Serjeant at Law Thomas Birch William Juge Phillip Hollins Mathew Floyer Phillip Pargitur Jonas Grosvenor junior Charles Coates Francis Whitwick senior Francis Whitwicke junior John Whitwicke Jonathan Cope William Cotton Walter Aston Edward Arablaster Thomas Whitby Michaell Noble William Turton Peter Warburton William Sneyd of Kyell Esquires John Huntbache John Bagnall Copwood Hollins Francis Elde Edward Foden William Trafford senior William Trafford junior Thomas Scott Thomas Jevon senior Edward Barber Daniell Watson Christopher Lea Phillip Chetwood Samuell Pipe John Badeley Richard Pyott Richard Dyott Thomas Foden of Fulford John Shilton John Fenton Henry Leigh of Rushall James Rudyard of the Abbey Roade of Ruston Henry Brace Girdle James Rudiard William Abnet John Wilson Esquires Edward Short William Jarvis Thomas Pigott Walter Fowler John Amphlett John Pearshouse Clotworthey Skevington Thomas Foley William Whitbey Walter Moseley Will. Nabbs TomTns Dickins Francis Wolverston Richard Whitworth Tho Jolliffe Will Jolliffe Thomas Milward William Milward Robert Wolseley Roger Fouke John Goreing Charles Blunt Samuell Hunt Jonas Astley Michaell Branderith Bernard Whaley Browne of Thornes Esquires the

Mayor of Stafford for the time being and the Mayor of Newcastle under Lyne for the time being the Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being William Feake Edward Foden [ Esquires4] Humphrey Perry Edward Bird Nehemiah Farmer Sampson Birch Gentlemen Thomas Parker John Greene William Nabbs Nicholas Parker Ralph Wood George Alsop and John Wilson Esquires William Baddeley Baughey William Burslam Samuell Rocke

William Lawton Nathaniell Beard Gentlemen.

For the City and County of Litchfield

The two Bayliffes for the time being the Sheriffe for the time being Sir Michaell Biddulph Baronet Sir John Floyer Knight Phillip Pargiter Robert Burdet Richard Pyett Richard Dyott John Babbington John Goreing Esquires Thomas JTamond [Will3] Whitbey Richard Wakefeild John Rawlins Gentlemen Richard [Barnes6] William Jesson William Walmesley Edward Wilson William Potts John Barker.

For the County of Southampton

The Right Honourable Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Lord Chamberlaine to Her Majestie Sonne and Heire Apparent of Charles Duke of Bolton the Right Honourable Henry Earle of Sterling in the Kingdome of Scotland the Right Honourable William Lord Pawlet second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Richard Earle of

1 Esq» O. * Fitzharding 0. 3 Hoo 0. 4 Esquire 0. 5 interlined on the Roll. * Bushes O.

124

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

Ranelaugh of the Kingdome of Ireland the Honourable Francis Pawlet Esquire Sir John Mill Sir Hugh Stewkley Sir Nicholas Steward Sir John Dillington Sir Hele Hooke Sir John Hoby Baronets Sir Charles Windham Sir William Kingsmill Sir Thomas Higgens Sir Robert Sawyer Sir William Stephens Sir Robert Holmes Sir James Worsley Sir Benjamin Newland Sir Thomas Draper Sir Robert Henley Sir John St Barb Knights Henry Russell Richard Norton Thomas Jervois senior George Pitt senior Thomas Hoby Leonard Bilson Esquires John Kent Esq., Sherifte Henry Rolle Gabrieli Whistler Ralph Hastings Henry Wallup Henry Dawley Francis Morley Fredericke Tilney Richard Holt Richard Whitehead Rich Cobb Charles Cole George Evans White Tichbome John Smith of Tidworth Esquires John Pollen Richard Bishop Richard Chandler John Wallop Thomas Bilson William Bishop Charles Morley Henry Slingsby Samuell Gawden George Bridges Charles Wither George Abbot John Fawkener Charles Forrester Thomas Brottas Oliver Cromwell Thomas Jervois junior John Deane Edward Chute Henry Brumfeild John Burrard Robert Smith Henry Compton John Venables Henry Hooke Edward Fleming Robert Knoliis William Buckley George Stanley Edward Hooper Esquires Henry Perrin Doctor of Physicke Thomas Miller Richard Stanley Richard Carter Thomas Tutt William Coleman Henry Tulse Richard Love junior George Pitt junior Benjamine Rudiard Thomas Wither William Norton Robert Mitchell Richard Cooper Thomas Buckley William Batten Roger Barton Robert Barton George Duke Thomas Smith Thomas Edmonds Thomas Douse of Wallop Thomas Douse of Brooke John Rives of Drayton John Rives of Bransberry Edward Pile Christopher Stokes Peter Blake Richard Pile junior Thomas Fitzjames John Lisle Mathew Bennet William Guydott Esquires Richard Bele Giles Lyford Robert Love Allen Goddard Anthony Guydott Thomas Goddard Edward Rooke Henry Christmas George Wakeford Gentlemen The Mayor of Winton for the time being Richard Harris Esquire Recorder Ellis Mews Esq Anthony Yaldcn James Earle John Purdue Paul Burrard Richard Good John Conger Mathew Ember The Mayor of Portsmouth for the time being Lewis Barton Thomas Wavell Gentlemen The Bayliffe of Andover for the time being Walter Robinson James Grove Henry Curie Richard Hill Gentlemen John Stephens Gentleman Mayor of Christ Church Mayor of Newport for the time being Edward Dillington Richard Knight John Worsley Nicholas Lisle John Chapman David Urrey of Easton Thomas Urrey of Freshwater Thomas Urrey of Gatcombe Esquires Eustace Mann Robert Leigh John Bowler Gentlemen John Stephens of West Cowes Gentleman William Fielder Thomas Dore William Knapton

For the Towne and County of Southampton The Mayor for the time being Sir [Giles'] Eyre Knight one of the Justices of the Kings Bench William Buckley Esq John Speede Doctor of Physicke Thomas Cornelius Richard White James Crosse Adam De Cardinall Christopher Smith Cornelius Mackham Robert Culliford Thomas Bracebridge Richard Hunt Sir Richard Beech.

For the County of Suffolkc Lord Huntingtower Sir Henry Felton Sir John Barker Sir John Platers Sir Robert Kempe Sir Simons Dewes Sir John Castleton Sir Dudley Cullam Sir Jervaise Elwes Sir John Cordell Sir Henry North Sir John Rouse Sir Thomas Allin Sir Thomas Barnadiston Sir John Duke Sir Robert Brooke Sir Phillip Parker Sir Edmond Bacon Sir Samuell Bernadiston Sir Robert Davers Sir Charles Bloys Sir William Cooke Baronets Sir Charles Gaudy Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronet Sir Peyton Ventris Sir John Poley Sir Thomas Harvey Sir George Wenyeve Sir Nevill Catelin Sir Henry Johnson Sir Charles Crofts Reede Sir Phillip Skippon Sir Joseph Brand Sir Richard Gipps Knights [Ptolmey1 *] Tolmach Nicholas Bacon Thomas Holland Adam Felton Thomas Walgrave Thomas Glemham Thomas Knivett Thomas Tolmash Henry Haveningham William Johnson Phillip Gurdon Thomas Tyrrell Robert Theobald Thomas Coell Henry Parker Edmond Warner John Robinson Henry Shalton John Thurston Richard Norton Henry Warner Edward Hobert John Brame Phillip Bedingfield William Barker Francis Barker William Dade Robert King Hamond Le Strainge John Scrivner Edward North William Rivett Thomas Edgar James Calthorpe John Cornwallis Will: Crofts Henry Poley Robert Barker Robert [Maulton5] John Corrance Robert [Maltiwond4] Thomas Wright Henry Edgar Lawrence Rouse junior Thomas Golding William Glover Thomas [Glemham5] George Fleetwood John Bence Robert Warren Awbrey Porter Christopher Calthrop Henry Goldwell John Jermy of Springhton John Lamb John Spencer Edmond Bence John Jenny of Stutton Anthony Wroth Allen Cotton Edward Alpc Edmond Sheppard John Smith of Parfeild John Hall Thomas Smith Lyonell Hold William Cullum William Guavas Thomas Love Robert Davye Thomas Rivett John Beamont Thomas Smith Nicholas Brage William Coveil Charles Whitaker John Hooke Doctor Thomas Carver William Betts Thomas Covell Master John Browne Roger Herrington Thomas Neale Thomas Deye Thomas Else Nicholas Freman Thomas Hastings Edward Alston of Bonford John Hodges Peter Alderman John Spinke Renaldo Pitfield John Gerling Gregory Clarke William Randall Richard Vesey Thomas Dade Thomas Wright senior Doctor John Bourchier Sir Cesar Cranmer Knight Si,r Charles Umphrevilc Knight Thomas Felton John Felton Thomas Barnadiston Richard Wareing Thomas Brand (6) John Barker of Wickham Market Robert Jenny William Hammond Samuell Clarke William Cooke Andrew Warner Francis Brewster John Hill Martin Folkes Simon Folkes Samuell Blackerby Doctor Nathaniell Fairfax Richard Porter Phillip French William Hammond Henry Dawson Joseph Hastings Sir Francis Bloudell Samuell Baker Isaac Rebow [ Esquires7] Tho Ewen Tho Aldrige Charles Blosse Will Lucas Thomas Roper Esquires Samuell Pacy Esq Thomas Bendish Esquire Bartholomew Soames Esq William Bright of Brissor Esq., Robert Russell Esq Edward Gayell James Goodwin Thomas Fokes Gentlemen John Nicholls senior Francis Haylocke Henry Ward Gentlemen Henry North Esq Lawrence Stisteade Richard Phillips John Blomfeild Robert Clarke William Tye of Ipswich William Blomfield of Barking Gentlemen Richard Margatt Esq William Fowles Esq Joseph Weld Esq^ Crompton Felton (*) Nathaniell Simonds Richard Ferrier William Neave of Ipswich William Glascock [ Esquires.*]

1 Gyle 0. 3 Ptolemy O. 3 Naunton O. « Maltiward 0. Leman 0.

6 John Brand 0. 7 Esquire 0. * Esquire 0. 9 Esquire 0.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

125

For the Towne of Ipswich

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir John Barker Sir Charles Blois Baronets Sir [Peiton1 *] Ventris Thomas Edgar Es<k Recorder Charles Wright Lawrence Stisted Richard Phillips Edward Reynolds John Burroughs William Neave William Browne John Blomfeild John Wade Miles Wallis Henry Sparrow Gentlemen Robert Clarke Towne Clerke.

For the Burrough of Eye

The Bayliffes for the time being Thomas Knivett Henry Poley Esquires Thomas Dcye Henry Edgar Thomas Browne Nathaniell Deye Thomas Deye junior Gentlemen Francis Deye Thomas Brampton Tho: Flowerdy Smith Chenery.

For the Burrough of Sudbury

The Mayor for the time being Sir John Poley Knight Phillip Gourdon Esq, John Parish William Cocke William Hasell Samuell Hazell William Fothergill Gent Robert Chaplaine Martin Hamis Clement Ray Bernard Carter Benjamin Carter Henry Crossman William Hall Robert Girling Miles Birket.

For the Burrough of Dunwich

The Bailiffes for the time being Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronet Sir Phillip Skippen Knight John Benefice John Postle Jeremiah Burlingham Gentlemen William Weathersby Thomas Neale Esquires William Betts William Hammond Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of Bury Saint Edmonds.

The Aldermen for the time being Sir Robert Davers Baronet Sir Thomas Harvey Knight Sir Charles Crofts Read Knight Robert Sharpe Richard [Prince*] Martin Spenceley Gentlemen Thomas Holland Esq^ Thomas Macro senior Gentleman the Recorder for the time being.

For the Towne of Orford

Sir John Duke Baronet Thomas Glemham Esquire Thomas Hastings Joseph Hastings Thomas Palmer William Morgan.

For the Burrough of Alborough

Sir Henry Johnson Knight William Johnson Esquire Mr Coxshall Mr John Bence Bayliffes Thomas Neale Esqs John Browne Thomas Wall Edward Wall Alexander Osborne Jechingam Wright Samuell Grome John Burwood Covell Richard Gardner Gentlemen.

For the County of Surrey.

The Honourable Sir Robert Howard The Honourable Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath The Honourable Heneage Finch Esq, The Honourable Francis Coventry Esq, Sir Walter St Johns Sir Francis Vincent Sir Adam Browne Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Thompson Sir Lawrence Stoughton Sir Edward Bromfeild Sir Edward Evelin Sir William Temple Sir Robert Napper Sir Richard Atkins Baronets Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir William Motley Knight of the Bath Sir William Hoskins Sir Mathew Andrews Sir St John Broderick Sir Robert Clayton Sir Purbecke Temple Sir Peter Rich Sir Christopher Buckle Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Sir James Butler Sir William Elliott Sir Robert Knightley Sir George Vernon Sir Samuell Dashwood Sir Edward Fruin Sir Thomas Vernon Knights Mr Serjeant Fuller Thomas Howard George Meggott High Sheriffc George Evelin Henry Saint Johns Thomas Vincent Roger James Thomas Turgis Denzill Onslow White Titchbourne Foote Onslow John Weston Edward Nicholas John Arnold John Evelin Anthony Bowyer Phillip Hildyard Edward Harvey James Zouch George Woodroffe Nicholas Carew John Milner George Evelin of Nutfield Morgan Randall Ambrose Browne Haestreet James Sigismond Stidolph Roger Duncombe George Duncombe Edward Bray John Sands William Hooker Richard Nicholls Shem Bridges Richard Morley Ambrose Muschampe Peter Hussey Phillip Rawleigh William Harvey Christopher Buckle Thomas Lant John Gore Richard Garth Francis Brend William Hatton Charleton Whitelocke Stephen Harvey Robert Gavill John Burgoyne John Thynne William Perry William Vanbrough George Coldham William Nuttall John Love Thomas Newton Nicholas Hookes George Smith William Haward John Mitchell Thomas Eures Anthony Bowyer Henry Whistler John Wight Peter [Delamoy3] Hatton Thomas Trapps John Rainsden Henry Ludlow Jeffrey Amhurst Henry Lloyd John Heather John Turner Samuell Luen Walter Howland Esquires The Mayor and Magistrates of Guilford for the time being Bayliffes of Kingston for the time being Maximilian Emeley John Austin William Boothby Timothy Wilson Captaine Lampard Captaine Salmond Joseph Lee Robert Moore John Lug Dewy Thomas Burrows Charles

Shorter Urban Hall Crispe Lawrence March John Spencer Ralph Drake Richard Jewell Thomas Harris

Samuell Wall Benjamine Le Cane Captaine Bartholomew Thomas Jordan of Gatwick William Jordan

Doctor Rosewell Thomas Jordan Richard Gwinne Henry Johnson Edward Woodward William Jenue William Summers Peter Norborow Thomas Cusden Jerrat Andrews Simon Smith Richard White Christopher Geere Henry Wyat Gentlemen James Reading Samuell Atkinson William Hester Phillip Forster Esquires Sir Peter Daniell Knight

1 Peyton-0. * Prime 0. 5 Delanoy O.

126

-4.0.1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

William Gibbs Francis Wilkinson Jonadab Balam William Sherlocke Captaine Edward Laine Jonas Shish Daniell Wight Thomas Jordan Daniell Duthees John Greene Gentlemen William Eyre Ralph Snow Samuell Somerford Esquires Joseph Wood Thomas Cox Captaine Henry Wilcason Kent Charles Shorter Gent William

Midleton.

For the County of Sussex

Sir John Pelham Sir William Thomas Sir Denny Ashburnham Sir John Fagg Sir William Wilson Sir Thomas Dyke Sir Richard Shirley Baronets Sir James Moreton Knight Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Onslow Baronet Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir John Briscoe Sir Christopher Conyers Sir Edward Selwin Sir Edward Hungerford Sir Phillip Gell Thomas Pelham Esq^ Thomas Sackvilc John Lewkner William Morley Esquires Thomas Brigs Doctor at Law Henry Pelham Esquire Thomas Newdigate Henry Shelley Nisell Rivers Richard Bridger William Board Timothy Burrell Esquires John Burrell Gentleman George Goreing George Nevill James Butler Thomas Beard Esquires Thomas Bromfeild junior Gentleman John Spence James Graves John Fuller John Hay John Baker Alexander Stapleys Humphry Foulke Simon Smith Phillip Parker Esquires John Nevenham Gentleman Walter Doubti junior William Mackworth John Board Thomas Burrell Gentlemen Thomas May Thomas Miller Thomas Bickley Esquires John Peachey Barrester at Law George Guntur John Freman Richard Farrington Esquires Nathaniell Palmer William Parker Esquires Thomas Palmer William Williams Esqs John Peachy of Saint Peters the lesse John Marlote Gentleman Randolph Tutty Gentleman Francis Page Gentleman Thomas Woodier Gentleman [Thomas1] Gott Henry Apsley Thomas Fruin Edward Dyne George Courthope John Wcekes John Busbridge Samuell Highland Esquires Walter Roberts senior William [Peacham1] Thomas Betswort William Young Thomas Gray Thomas Carr Abraham Chapman Esquires Edward Morley William

Cosden Gentlemen John Apsley Wesbrooke William Garroway Thomas [Garrow3] John Cock Esquires

John Cocke of Goreing Gentleman Thomas Gratwick of Ham Gentleman John Tayler Esq^ Francis Mosse Gentleman John Lee of Plaistow Esq, Walter Bartlet Gentleman Richard Cooper Esq., Henry Bernard Thomas Nash Edward Staker John Styent Oliver Whitby William Alwen Gentlemen Humphry Jewkes Esq., Thomas Peckham John Pellet Thomas Colbrooke Richard Banckes Thomas Dewet William Peachey Gentlemen the [Mayor4] of Chichester and Arundell for the time being Charles Goreing John Chaulx Esquires Nathaniell Turner John Gratwick of Eaton Gentlemen John Gratwick of Jarvis Gentleman Thomas Poole Gentleman John Munck John Alford Robert Fagg John Machell Anthony Eversfeild Esquires Stephen Humphrey William Alderton Gentlemen Henry Yates Esq^ Thomas Ellis Charles Fagg Thomas White junior John Wicker Gentlemen Robert Orme

Samuell White Gentlemen John Miller Gentleman Henry Cooper Esqs Sir William Culpeper Baronet Richard

Onslow Esqs Henry Peckham Francis Goater Robert Thornden Aldermen of Chichester George Osbourne Gentleman Paul Burrard Esquire George Elfred Gent Anthony Crutenden Esc^.

For the County of Warwicke The Right Honourable (s) Viscount Tiveott the Right Honourable William Lord Digby of the Kingdome of Ireland the Right Honourable Thomas Coventry Sir John Mordant Sir Clement Fisher Sir John Burgoine Sir William Boughton Sir Basill Price Sir Charles Shugburgh Sir Reginald Forster Sir John Bridgman Sir Richard Nudigate Sir Charles Holt Sir Thomas Samwell Sir Henry Puckering Baronets Sir William Craven Sir John Clopton Sir William Bishop Sir William Underhill Sir Richard Verney Knights Thomas Rawlins Serjeant at Law Robert Burdet Walter Chetwind Henry Parker William Palmer [Scabright6] Repington Arden Adderley Francis Fisher junior William Peito Andrew Archer Charles Newsham blastings Ingram Robert Somervile Edward Bentley William Colmer Humphrey Jennings Hercules [Bufoy7] Thomas Marriot William Bolton John Astley John Stratford Thomas Kite Thomas Wagstaffe Nathaniell Stoughton Humphrey Holden William Dugdale James Prescott Mathew Holbech Thomas Peirce Thomas Newsham John Smith Richard Hopkins Thomas Hopkins Esquires Ambrose Holbech Dixwell of Coton Hall Henry Mathews of Mercott Hall Wilcox of Brandon

William Loggans John Stanton Gentlemen Mayor of Warwicke Mayor of Stratford Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being Arden Baggot Esq, Richard Beake Esq James Harvey Edward Ludford William Bromley [ Esquires8].

For the City and County of Coventry.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Thomas Norton Sir John Dugdale Knights James Hales Richard Hopkins Thomas Hopkins Richard Beake Henry Greene Basill Feilding Edward Tayler Bawater Esqs Alderman

Nayler Nathaniell Hcrryman Francis Herriman Edward Owen Thomas Lawrence Aldermen.

For the County of Westmorland Sir John Lowther Baronet one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Baronets Sir John Otway Sir Daniell Fleming Sir Christopher Phillipson Knights Richard Lowther John Dalston Thomas Hilton Edward Wilson William Sandford William Fleming Thomas Wilson Richard [Blaithwaite9] Christopher Dalston Thomas Fletcher Roger Moore Edward Musgrave Hugh Matchell John Philipson Richard Pindar James Bird Esquires Thomas Godsalvc Richard Crakenthorpe John Nevison Ephraim Sandford Ciprian Hilton Arthur Scaife James Simpson Anthony Saul Thomas Shepherd Daniell Fleming John Flail Thomas Heblethwaite Reginald Dobson John Browham Lancelott Ford the Mayors of Apleby and Kendall for the time being.

* Peter 0. * Peckham 0. a Garroway O. 4 Mayors O. the 0.

• Seabright Repington O. 7 Bcaufoy O. 8 Esquire O. Braithwaite O.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar.

127

Sess. 2. c. 1.

For the County of Wilts

Charles Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton Edward Viscount Cornbury Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Clarendon Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire Apparent to Anthony Earle of Shaftsbury Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent to Earle of Abingdon Henry

Lord Colraine of the Kingdome of Ireland Boyle Viscount Shanion of the Kingdome o 1 Ireland The

Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esq, Sir Edward Seamour Sir Walter St John Sir John Button Sir Richard Grubham Howe Sir Walter Long Sir James Long Sir William Pinsent Sir Edward Windham Baronets Sir Edward Hungerford Sir John Nicholas Knights of the Bath Sir Giles Eyre Knight one of the Justices of His Majestyes Court of Kings Bench Sir Henry Coker Sir John Erule Sir John Talbott Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir George Hungerford Sir Stephen Fox Sir Thomas Estcourt Knights Sir Mathew Andrews Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Charles Raleigh Sir Edmond Warnford Sir John Collins Sir Richard Harte Sir George Willoughby Sir James Howe Sir Thomas Fowles Knights The Honourable Evelin Pierpoint Esq> Boyle Francis Pawlett George Pitt Richard Lewis Robert

Hyde Francis Wroughton senior John Hall Richard Howe Thomas Hobby John Windham Henry Baynton Thomas Lambert Samuell Eyre Henry Brunker Thomas Freake of Shrowton Thomas Bennet Edward Nichols of Maningford Maurice Buckland Thomas Pitt William Ash Alexander Thistlethwaite Francis Morley Henry St John Charles Fox Edward Nicholas of Winterbourne Walter Earule John Smith of Tidworth John Deane Edward Nicholas of Camins Francis Goddard Francis Stonehouse William Trenchard Lawrence Swanton Thomas Jarvaise Thomas Chamberlaine John Bowles John Hawlis William Harvey Thomas Penrudducke William Windham Thomas Windham John Grubb John Davenant Henry Chi vers Nicholas Baynton John Wildman senior Richard Chandler Richard Jones of Ramsbury John Ash of Haywood Michaell Erule Samuell Ash Thomas Goddard of Swinden Thomas Mitchell William Sacheverille John Young Francis Morley Richard Whitehead Charles Godfrey John Wildman junior Edmond Lambert John Marvin William Chaffin William Willoughby William Norborne Francis Hill Seamour Richard Nevill William George Charles Raymond Charles Tucker Benjamin Gifford John Fitzherbert Edmond Hungerford John Bennett William Hearst Gabrieli Ashley John Wallis Richard Aid worth Herbert Saladine Richard Kent William Brewer John Milner Nevill Mascaline William Player David Thomas Doctor of Physicke Charles Yorke Walter Greene John Hippesley John Ash of Teffont Edmond Webb John Flower senior John Bond Thomas Harris Richard Poore John Jacob Edward Duke George Duke of Lake Anthony Hungerford 1'homas Polden Charles Danvers Walter Parker Henry Coker Francis Wroughton junior Robert Fewell Thomas Marke John Gantlett John Bigge Francis Swanton William Grinfield Charles Mitchell Thomas Rolt William Hitchcocke Henry Pinnell John C.urll Charles Pleydall Charles Bowles Robert Grove senior John Grove Robert Grove John Long Francis Thistlethwaite William Beach of Fidleton Andrew Duke Charles Stewart Walter Long of Raxall Robert Wadman Edward Hart Samuell Trotman Stringer of Ivy Church George Hill William [Cole1]

Thomas Bennet of Salthorpe Thomas Phipps Henry Fairfax Robert Guilmore William Hussey Richard Nevill Brereton Bouchier Henry Blake 'Thomas Grove George Hill Esquires John Mompesson William Hues Thomas Powell Nathaniel 1 'Trotman William Gantlet Nicholas Elliot Christopher Gardiner Richard Minifie John Brooke Nicholas Daniell William Clare Christopher Lippiat John Foster Mathew Smith Jonathan Hill John Twogood John Flower Henry Wattman John Jesse Edmond Medlicott Thomas Hunt of Enford Henry Eyre of Wood-Hampton Edmond Hemings Albinas Davies Mathew Smith Francis Goddard of Perton Henry Southby Charles Chiswell John Fisher Francis Coles senior Thomas Francklin Robert Bisse Robert Mandrell Thomas Long of Rowdre Thomas Stump Elias Ferris Bennet Swaine William Westfield Gent The Mayor of Salisbury for the time being The Mayor of Wilton for the time being The Mayor of the Devizes for the time being The Mayor of Marlbrough for the time being The Bayliffes of Chippernham for the time being John Foster Christopher Lipiett George Willoughby Thomas Mitchell James Croom Nicholas Hayes Richard Smith of Kenney George Duke of Sarson Humphry Wall.

For the City of New Sarum and the Close of the same.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Giles Eyre Knight Recorder one of the Justices of Their Majestyes Court of Kings Bench Sir Thomas Mompesson Knight Thomas Hobby John Wyndham Thomas Pitt William Hearst Francis Hill Esquires Christopher Gardiner William Smith Thomas Kenton John Priaulx Andrew Baden Roger Basket James Harris Faulkoner William Viner Flasket Gentlemen David Thomas Dottor of

Physick Richard Minifie Lawrence Swanten Gabrieli Ashley Thomas Lambert Herbert Salladine Esquires.

For the County of Worcester

The Right Honourable Richard Earl of Bcllamont in the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Coventry Robert Tracey Henry Foliott Esquires Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath and Lord Chiefe Baron of Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer Sir [Nicholas Letchmcre one of the Barons of Their Majesties Court of Exchequer1] Sir Flenry Litleton Sir John Packington Sir Francis Russell Sir Thomas Rouse Sir Edward Seabright Sir William Kyte Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir James Rushout Baronets Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Henry Coningsby Sir Francis Winington Sir Thomas Streete Sir Thomas Haslewood Sir Edward Dinely Sir John Mathews Knights Sir John Somers Their Majestyes Sollicitor Generali Samuell Sandys Henry Herbert William Bromley Thomas Foley Richard Dowdeswell Thomas Savage senior Flenry Jeffryes George Walsh William Walsh Edwin Sandys Thomas Savage junior Edmond Leshmore Robert Berkley Thomas Jolliffc Bridges Nanfan Charles Baldwin John Charleton Walter Savage senior Walter Savage junior Thomas Vernon of Astwood Thomas Cornwall Robert Dormer Robert Foley Francis Sheldon John Marriott William Hancocke Higgons James George Dowdeswell John Soley John Bearcroft

‘ Coles 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

m

i

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar.

Sess. 2. c. 1.

John Clutton Robert Wilde Edward Bull Chambers Slaughters Gerrard Dannet Richard Nash junior Allen ClifFe senior Allen ClifFe junior Francis Bromley Humphrey Litleton John Sheldon Richard Freeman Charles Cox George Harris Edward Stainer Godard Carter Benjamine Jolliffe Esquires Heigham Cooke Thomas Bushell Phillip Bearcroft Henry Toy Thomas Hunt of Ribenhall Edward Walker Will: Bird John Emmes Giles Parsons Martin Ballard Thomas Harris Richard Young Gent The Mayor of Evesham for the time being The BaylifFes of Droitwich for the time being The Baylifie of Bewdley for the time being.

For the City and County of the City of Worcester

The Mayor Aldermen and SherifFe for the time being Sir John Somers Knight Their Majestyes Sollicitor Generali William Bromley Esqs Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Thomas Streete Henry Herbert Walter Savage junior Robert Wilde Esquires Phillip Bearcroft of the Parish of St Swithins John Blurton Edward Cooksey senior James Higgons Samuell Swift John Handy Thomas Smith senior Nicholas Baker.

For the County of Anglesey.

Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland Lewis Lord Viscount Dunganon in the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Bulkley Robert Bulkley Sir Hugh Owen Baronet Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir William Williams of Vanoll Baronet Sir [William1] Williams Knight and Baronet Thomas Burton John Hooke Nicholas Bagnoll Pierce Lloyd Francis Bulkley John Griffith of Careg Lloid John Owen of Penchose [John*] Bold William Meirick John Grosvenor Conisby Williams Owen Hughes John Jones Doctor of Divinity John Ellis Doctor of Divinity Owen Wynne William Robinson William Griffith of Llanvayethley Robert Owen of Hollyhead William Morgan John Wynne Thomas Lloyd Henry Jones William Bulkley David Lloyd Lloydiast Hugh Wynne of Treyerworth Roger Hughes Rowland Wynne Henry Sparrow Thomas Williams Maurice Lewis Francis Lloyd Hugh Williams David Williams Owen Davies of Llandefredog Henry Wynne of Penheskin Thomas Mostin Edward Lewis William Jones John Owen of Bodiar Richard Edwards John Hill Richard Hughes William Griffith Thomas Roberts of Costellor Richard Vaughan John Williams of Bodafan John Price Owen Roberts Richard Bulkley Maurice Parry The Mayor of Beaumaris for the time being.

For the County of Brecon

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent of Henry Duke of Beaufort Sir Walter Williams Baronet Sir Edward Williams Sir Rowland Gwynne Knights [Bassey5] Mansell Thomas Morgan John Lewis of Coldmore Richard Williams JefFery Jefferyes Charles Morgan John JefFeryes Edward Jones Thomas Walker Daniell Williams Walter Vaughan Edward Games Thomas Flower John Williams John Morgan Marmaduke Gwynne John Walters John Gunter Marmaduke Lloyd Edward Lewis Phillip Parry Lodowick Lewis Charles Lloyd Lewis Jones James Parry Richard JefFeries John Stedman Francis Lloyd John Walbeof Walter William Robert Lucy William Bowen John Gwynne John Lewis Jasper Miller Rice Price Morgan Watkins Richard Williams Henry Jones Thomas Williams William Jones Esquires Bartholomew Games Gwynne Vaughan Charles Powell Edward Games Hugh Penry Thomas Williams Henry Vaughan Doctor of Physicke Richard Williams [Richard4] Watkins of Penyrwrled Lewis Lloyd Thomas Gwynne William Phillips William Williams of Veliewith Wil: Williams of Battell John Madox Lewis Havard James Watkins Sam: Williams Tho: Jones Henry Williams Tho: Bowen William Lloyd James Donne Morgan Price Robert Rumsey John Herbert Francis Lewis John Rumscy Howell Morgan Samuell Pritchard Edward Williams Howell Jones William Aubry Walter Vaughan John Phillips Richard Watkins Edward Price Thomas Lloyd of Rosrerick.

For the Town of Brecon

The Bayliffe Recorder and Aldermen for the time being Sir Rowland Gwynne Thomas Morgan JefFery JefFryes Richard Williams Thomas Walker Daniell Williams John Waters Robert Lucy Lodowicke Levis Saunder Saunders Esquires John Jeffres William Awbry Henry Thomas Edward Hughes William Williams Gentlemen Meredith James Towne Clerk.

For the County of Cardigan

Sir Carbcry Price of Gogarthan Baronet Sir Bazill Price of Kilkennin Baronet Sir Thomas Powell Serjeant at Law Sir William [Morgan5] Knight Their Majestyes Serjeant at Law John I.ewis John Vaughan Hector Phillips John Herbert William Herbert William Powell Thomas Lloyd of Castle Howell Walter Lloyd of Almach Charles Lloyd of Massevelin Thomas Lloyd of Bronnith David Parry Daniell Evans David Lloyd of Crunfrin David Lloyd of Weme Richard Stedman Cornelius Le Brwn Edward Jones Thomas Lewis of Crigmore John Lewis of Pant David John Williams of Abernant Bythan Richard Lloyd of Mavus Hugh Lloyd of Phosheligg Thomas Knolles Samuell Hughes Esquires John Lewis of Gernos John Knolles William Jenkins John Phillips of Cammaven John Prise Francis Vaughan Edward Price John Morrice of Carrog Walter Price Henry Jones of Tigglin David Griffith of Llannarth George Jones Jenkin Lloyd of Llanvithan Gentlemen The Mayor of Cardigan for the time being John Morrice Hettor Morgans David Howells Henry Davies William Parry Gentlemen.

For the County of Carmarthen

Sir Edward Mansell Sir Sackvile Crow Sir Rice Rudd Sir William Russell Baronets Sir Rice Williams Knight Sir John Powell Knight Richard Vaughan of Tarracoed Griffith Rice Thomas Cornwallis Rowland Gwynne Christopher Midleton Thomas Lloyd of Berthlandowell Richard Vaughan of Derthlis Richard Jones John Williams

8 Owen 0.

3 Bussey O.

» interlined on the Record.

* William 0.

5 Wogan 0.

1° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 1.

129

of Abercothe John Evans of Trevente Thomas Lloyd of Altacadnoe Richard Gwynne of Gwempa Griffith Loyd Rawleigh Mansell Edward Mansell Richard Mansell Roger Manwaring Henry Owens Edward Vaughan William Brigstocke Thomas Brigstocke Arthur Gwynne John Williams of Talley Thomas Gwynne the elder Edward Jones of Lleathcmoiad Henry Lloyd of Llunstephan William Beetans of Pencoad Esquires Thomas Lloyd of Dunneralt George Gwynne Anthony Rudd David Gwynne Owen Bowen Thomas Phillips of Kilsant David Lewis of Lisnewith Henry Vaughan of Place Gwynne William Jones of Colebrooke William Brigstocke of Abberguilly Walter Morgan Hugh Jones James Philips Henry Lewis Anthony Williams Walter Thomas Benjamin Lewis William Davies of Drufloine Charles Dalton.

For the Burrough of Carmarthen

The Mayor Recorder Towne Clerke and Chamberlaine for the time being Sir Edward Mansell Sir Sackvile Crow Sir Rice Rudd Baronets Sir John Powell Sir Rice Williams Knights Richard Vaughan Rowland Gwinne Griffith Lloyd William Brigstocke Edward Vaughan of Penny-Banke Marmaduke Williams Esquires Dawkin Gove John Williams William Jones William Brigstocke Martin Beynon Aldermen David Edwards Anthony Rudd Thomas Rogers Thomas Lloyd George Lewis Griffith Lewis Gentlemen.

For the County of Carnarvan

Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland the Right Honourable Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby Chauncellor of Their Majestyes Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster and Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Right Honourable the Earle of Lindsey Lord Great Chamberlaine of England The Honourable Edward Russell Thomas Bulkley Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronet Sir William Williams of Vaynoll Baronet Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Owen Knight Thomas Burton John Hooke Tho Mostin Nicholas Bagnall Col: Will: Price Roger Price Griffith Vaughan Robert Wynne William Wynne of the Abbey William Williams George Twestleton John Jo,nes Doctor of Divinity John Ellis Doctor of Divinity Richard Jones Doctor of Law Owen Wynne of Glascoed Edward Williams William Madrin George Coitmore James Brunkire Love Parry John Thomas Owen Hughes Coningsby Williams Robert Hookes Lewis Meyricke Hugh Boderda William Wynne of Llanunda John Rowlands Richard Edwards William Glynne Randall Wynne William Wynne of Weme William Wynne of Gian T afon Griffith Wynne of Stinlin John Wynne Richard Kiffin Griffith Carreg William Griffith of Madrinissa Owen Jones John Owen William Lloyd Hugh Lewis Robert Pugh Owen Wynne [of1] Pen y brin Owen Coitmore Humphrey Roberts Robert Griffith Thomas Fletcher William Williams Griffith Parry John Vaughan Evan Lord Penmachno Henry Arthur Hugh Stodart Owen Roberts John Maurice Thomas Ellis.

For the County of Denbigh

Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Powell Baronet Sir Richard Midleton Baronet Sir Jeffery Shakerley Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Griffith Jefferies Sir Roger Puleston Sir Robert Owen Sir John Conway Baronet Sir Francis Compton Sir Roger Moston Knight and Baronet Sir John Trevor Sir Thomas Grosvenor William Williams of Plastward Esq William Winne of Mela Edward Vaughan of Lloidiarth Robert Davies of Llannerch Edward Brereton Thomas Carter Joshuah Edisbury Eubule Thelwall senior Eubule Thelwall junior Roger Mostin of Brimbo William Robinson Ellis Lloyd of Pen y lan Robert Price of Geeler David Maurice of Pen y bont Edward Maurice of Llorraine Esquires Eubule Lloyd Gentleman John Midleton of Gwaninog John Puleston Thomas Midleton Robert Griffiths of Brimbo Hedd Lloyd John Chambers Foulke Lloyd of Foxall Esquires Booth Ba>net Gentleman John Dolben Esq Ellis Meredith Esq., Mr Richard Eaton of Erbistock Richard Midleton of Llansillin Charles Midleton Kenrick Eyton Richard Midleton Esquires The Right Honourable Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby Chauncellor of Their Majestyes Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster and Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Right Honourable the Earle of Lindsey Lord Great Chamberlaine of England Sir Robert Cotton Knight and Baronet Sir Walter Baggot (*) [Sir}] Robert Wynne of Berchddu (4) Cadwallader Wynne [ Esquires5] Sir Evan Lloyd Baronet Sidney Godolphin Peter Ellis Esquires Sydney Binner [Esq6] Edward Lloyd of Plasmaddock David Lloyd of Llangollan Vecan Richard Wynne of Maesmochant Esq Richard Wynne of Aberkinleth Simon Thelwell of Llanbeder Esq John Roberts of Havebuch Esq., David Lloyd of Bodnant Roger Midleton Robert Wynne of [Carthmegelio7] Robert Ellis of Plasyollin Edward Wynne of Llanyfied Edward Lloyd of Dwifaen Thomas Lloyd of Kefu Robert Lloyd of Hendrewilod Peter Foulkes of Eriviate John Vaughan of Eriviate Evan Lloyd of Crosyo&in Thomas Price of Bwich Gent Richard Lloyd of Moylevre David Williams Robert Lloyd Rich: Lloyd of Llaninis Owen Thelwell John Masemore Andrew Thelwall John Lloyd of Bruiliarth The Aldermen and Bailiffes for the Towne of Denbigh for the time being Mr Foulke Davies Mr Tho Harper Mr Robert Knollis Mr John Lloyd of Rossa John Chambres of Place Chambres Esq John Midleton of Guaneonog Esq John Foulkes Robert Roberts Owen IJoyd.

For the County of Flint

Sir John Hanmer Knight and Baronet Sir Evan Lloyd Baronet Sir John Conway Baronet Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir William Glin Baronet Sir Robert Cotton Baronet Sir Richard Midleton Baronet Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir St John Gwilliams Baronet Sir Phillip Egerton Sir John Trevor Sir Robert Owen Sir Roger Puleston Coll Roger Whitley Coll Will Price Coll Thomas Salisbury William Hanmer Esquires Thomas Mostin Esquire Thomas Hanmer Esq, Thomas Carter Esq Kenrick Eaton Esq of Eaton Kenricke Eaton Esq of Pentremadock Thomas Whitley Esq of Alrhu Thomas Wrhitley Esq of Aston Robert Davies Esq Langley Esquire Twistleton William Lloyd Edward Ravenscroft John Broughton Thomas

4 0.omits. * Baronet 0. 9 0. omits. 4 Esquire 0. * Esquire 0. c Esquire 0. 7 Garthmelio 0.

130

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 1.

Eaton Richard Mostin George Hope John Wynne Hugh Griffith Owen Barton senior Owen Barton junior Peirce Pennant Thomas Evans Edward Kinaston of Oatley Edward Morgan Richard Parry William Griffith WTilliam Rutter Thomas Williams Esquires Thomas Jones Roger Mostin Gentlemen Luke Lloyd Esqs Peter Wynne Ellis Young Roger Jones John Pennant Thomas Foulkes Josiah Jones of Oaken Holt Thomas Lloyd of Glascock Gentlemen Roger Edwards Thomas Lloyd of Guernhailud.

For the County of Glamorgan

Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Stradling Sir Charles Kemys Sir John Awbrey Baronets Sir Richard Bassett Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir Humphrey Mackworth Sir Humphrey Edwin Knights John Windham Serjiant at Law Thomas Mansell Thomas Morgan Richard Lewis Marmaduke Gibbs David Jenkins Richard Seys William Herbert Francis Gwynne Bussey Mansell Thomas Lewis Edward Mathew Charles Mathew William Thomas William Windham Martin Button Richard Lougher William Herbert junior Thomas Button Oliver St John William Mathew William Awbrey Thomas Gibbon Reynald Deere Walter Evans Rowland Dawkins 'Edward Mansell Esquires John Price Thomas Rees Thomas Mansell of Penrice Jeremy Dawkins Thomas Price Godwin Herbert William Seys Thomas Popkins William Lewis Phillip Williams Thomas Williams of Cardiffe Gentlemen the Bayliffes of Cardiffe for the time being the Bayliffes of Cowbridge for the time being Anthony Gwynne Edmond Perkins Richard Perkins and Anthony Powell.

For the County of Merioneth

The Right Honourable [the* 1] Lord Willoughby of Eresby Chauncellor of Their Majestyes Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster and Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Right Honourable the Earle of Lindsey Lord Great Chamberlaine Sir Richard Midleton Baronet Sir Hugh Owens Baronet Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Owen Knight Griffith Vaughan of Corfigedoll Hugh Nanney of Nanney John Lloid of Madsipandu William Lewis Anwill William Price of Rhiwlas Edward Vaughan of Lloydiarth William Pugh of Mathavarn William Wynne of Mela Owen Anwill of Penrin Lewis Owen of Penniarth John Lloyd of Abberlaveny Vincent Corbet John Nanney of Llanvendiged Roger Price of Rhiwlas John Vaughan of Glanylin Charles Hughes of Gw'erkles Owen Wynne (*) Pengwren Edmond Meirick Simon Lloyd Robert Wynne of Mayesinduod Richard Mostin Richard Mitton Lewis Lewis Jenkin Vaughan Owen Eyton Meredith Lloyd Anthony Thomas Richard Poole of Caenest John Mayesmore Thomas Lloyd of Llandeckwin Mr William Eyton William Williams Robert Price of Ysgroweddar John Jones of Mowthway Rowland Price Richard Owens Hugh Tydder of Egrynn Esquires Robert Wynne of Garthmelli Gentleman Mr Robert Nanney of Kefudauddwr Mr Edward Lloyd of Dwifane Mr John Morgan of Plasse Mr Ellis Davies Mr John Lewis Mr John Lloyd of Kefufais Mr Harry Mostin Mr William Owens of Llangar Mr John Humphryes Mr Hugh Hughes Mr [Caleb3] Lloyd Mr John Edwards of Ton fane Mr Ellis Oliver of Penmayne Mr Evan Lloyd of Rhiwgoth Mr Oliver Thomas Mr John Lloyd of Uron Mr Rees Pritchard of Llwyngwrill Mr Robert Oliver of Penmayne Mr Thomas Roberts of Llandervell Mr Griffith Roberts of Rhiwgorth Mr Robert, Lloyd of Uron Mr Edward Hughes of Towin Mr Hugh Owens of Kaerberllan Mr Robert Vaughan of Kerwnwch Mr William Humphreys Mr Thomas Lloyd of Hendivr Mr Richard Humphrys Mr Griffith Vaughan of Dolymelyullwyn Mr John Price of Llwyngavern Mr Morris Davies Mr Humphrey Hughes of Penbrin Mr Andrew Jones of Rhidiven Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronet.

For the County of Mountgomery

The Honourable Andrew Newport Sir John Price Baronet Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Price Devereux William Pugh of Mathaveme Edward Lloyd of Berth Lloyd Edward Vaughan John Mathews Mathew Morgan Richard Mostin John Kiffin Walter C.lopton Charles Herbert John Edwards of Roreington Edward [Leighton4] Edward Barret Arthur Vaughan Thomas [Rock5] Arthur [Devereux6] Charles Lloyd of Garth Gabrieli Wynne Richard Lee Phillip Eyton Daniell Wittingham Richard Herbert Richard Stedman Thomas Mason Nathaniell Maurice Humphrey [Knaston7] Thomas Lloyd Edward Price Robert Lloyd Arthur Weaver Mathew Price [Mederith*] Morgan Esquires William Williams Evan Glynn Vincent Peirce Rowland Owen of Kunloeth Richard Owens senior Richard Owens junior John Thomas of Penegos Edward Evans Edmond Lloyd Richard Ingram Humphrey Jones Sydney Buner Esquires [Rumley9] Williams junior Richard Mason Edward Jones Tho Jucks Gilbert Jones John Griffiths of Glanhaveren Richard Rocke Roger Trevor William Lloyd of Finnat Richard Price of Gunley Vaughan Dervereux Thomas Griffiths Thomas Hodson Solomon Bowen Humphrey Lloyd of Goytree Samuel I Lloyd John Griffith of Bachayee John Vnughon of Mivod John Reed Hugh Derwas Robert Kinaston Hugh Davies of Colfrin John Davies of the same William Evans of Llandrinio Evan Jones (lo) Llanlothian Richard Davies of [Kenhinna^] Rees Lloyd of Cowny John Herbert George Robinson Griffith Robinson Richard Price of Cettas David Meredith of Llanwothelan Thomas Gwynne Richard Glynnc Price Chinn Rees Lloyd of Clothean Edward Bowen of Penyralt John Wilson Edward Price of Streetvalog Edmond Price Morgan David of Penegos Rondlc Owen Humphrey Owen Evan Jones Roger Jones George Higgins Gent.

For the County of Pembrooke The Right Honourable Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount [Vassells1*] in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Erasmus Phillips Baronet Sir Hugh Owen Baronet Sir John Barlow Baronet Sir William Wogan Knight Their Majestyes Serjeant at Law Hettor Phillips Essex Miricke Arthur Owen Rowland l.angharne Edward Phillips Hugh Bowen William Scourfield Walter Midleton John Owen John Williams David Williams Griffith Dawes John Langhame

1 Robert 0. 8 of 0. * Calep O. * Keighton 0. 5 Rocke 0. 0 Dervereux 0.

i Kynaston 0. • Meredith O. • Kumley O. Qf O. »• Kenhinva O. »* Cassells O.

1° Gul.&Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

J 31

Thomas Lloyd of Greenhill John Barlow of Lawrenny Lewis Wogan of Boulston Lewis Wogan of Wiston George Lort William Mordant Arthur Owen junior Will: Lucy John Cannon Griffith Hawkwell George Bowen James Lloyd Julius Deeds William Warren Thomas Corbett William Skirme George Meare Lewis John Charles Phillips Henry Walter John Barlow junior George Lehunt David Maurice William Wogan junior John Phillips John Lewis Arthur Langharne Hugh Langhame John Edwards Hugh Wogan Esquires Erasmus Corbett Robert Williams Gwynne Vaughan William Ford senior Owen Ford William Jones William Ford junior John Childe Thomas Jones George Harries John Owen of Priskelly George Lloyd John Owen of Bcrlam Rice Powell James Langharne Rice Adams John Wogan John Morris Gentlemen The Mayor of Pcmbrooke for the time being Francis Rogers Francis Dawes John Coursey Aldermen the Mayor of Tenby for the time being Henry Williams James Lloyd Devereux Hammond John Morris.

For the Towne and County of Haverford-West.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Erasmus Phillips Baronet Sir Hugh Owen Baronet Sir William Wogan Knight Their Majestyes Serjieant at Law Arthur Owen Lewis Wogan of Bolston Richard [Howell*] Hugh Wogan William Skirme John Lewis of Manemawan Esquires William Flaerton Doctor in Physicke Roger David Robert Prust senior John Bateman John Fowler Thomas Poyer William [Bowne1] William Browne George Lewis Jacob Wolford Vincent Powell Robert Prust junior William Bateman junior Aldermen Thomas Harries William Bowen Thomas Lewlin Gent

For the County of Radnor.

Sir John Morgan Sir Standish Hartstongue Sir Edward Williams Baronets Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Rowland Gwinne Sir Lacon Childe John Fowler Esqs High Sheriffe William Fowler Richard Williams Henry Walcott Thomas Lewis Thomas Lewis junior Edward Lewis Marmaduke Gwynne Samuell Powell Thomas Harley Litleton Powell Henry Probert Thomas Vaughan Edward Houerth Robert Lucy Edw'ard Price Nicholas Taylor Jeremiah Powell William Morgan Peter Richards Herbert Veston Charles Creed James Lloyd William Brewster John Walsam Charles Lloyd Esquires Lewis Lloyd Thomas Lewis of Nantguilt Nicholas Meredith Thomas Davies John Davies of Coedgelasson John Davies of Bronlaes Thomas Howerth Evan Vaughan William Lloyd Lemuell Lloyd Coroners William Tayler Hugh Lewis of Hendwall Jonas Stephens John Stephens Lloyd Weston Henry Tall Henry Vaughan Walter Vaughan Thomas Powell David Powell Edward Philips Griffith Payne Thomas Griffith John Whitney Nehemiah Ketlebye Gentlemen John Davies John Stephens Herbert Weston Lloyd Weston Thomas Lewis senior [ Esquires3] Thomas Lewis junior Esquire The Bayliffe of New Radnor Sir Standish Hartstongue.

'minissioners soe as aforesaid Nominated and Appointed shall in the respective Counties Cities ms Townes and Places for which they are Appointed Commissioners respectively meete together

. ..«I1 or common Place of meeting within each of the said Counties Cities Burroughes Divisions

Townes and Places respectively at or before the Fifth day of February which shall be in the Yeare of our

Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and nine And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the First generall Meeting or the major part of them may by their Consents and Agreements divide as well themselves as other the Commissioners not then present for the Execution of this Ac! in Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Wards Townes and other Places within their Limitts Priviledged or not Priviledged in such Manner and Forme as to them shall seeme expedient (Neverthelesse not thereby to restraine the said Commissioners from ACling as Commissioners in any other part of the County or Place for which they are Nominated) And

shall Direct their severall or joynt Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants High Constables Petty Constables

Bayliffes and other like Officers and Ministers and such number of them as they in their Discretion shall thinke most convenient requireing them to appeare before the said Commissioners at such Place and Time not exceeding Ten Dayes as they shall appoint. And at such their Appearances the said Commissioners shall openly Reade or cause to be Read unto them the Rates and Assesments in this Act mentioned and alsoe openly declare the Effect of their Charge to them and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates and how they ought to proceede in the Execution of this Act according to the Rates aforesaid And if any High Constables Petty Constables Bayliffes Inhabitants or other Officers or Ministers to whome any Precept shall be directed shall absent themselves without lawfull Excuse to be made out by the Oathes of Two credible Witnesses which Oathes the [said4] Commissioners or any Two of them are hereby impowered to administer Or if any Person appeareing shall refuse to Serve Then every such Person soe makeing Default or refuseing to Serve shall for every time of such Default or Refuseall forfeite and lose unto Their Majestyes such Summe as the Comissioners or soe many as shall be present or the major part of them being present shall thinke fitt not exceeding the Summe of Forty shillings And at or after such generall Meeting had and Charge given as aforesaid the said Commissioners

shall take care that Warrants be issued forth and directed to Two at the least of the most able and sufficient

Inhabitants of each Parish Towneship or Place within the respective Divisions thereby appointing and requireing them to be Assessors of all and every the Rates and Duties by this Act Imposed and shall therein alsoe appoint and prefix a certaine Day and Place for the said Assessors to appeare before them and [to4] bring in their Certificates in Writeing of the Names and Simames of every Person dwelling and resideing within the Limitts of those Places with which they shall be charged and of the Substance and Values of every of them in ready Moneys Debts Goods Chattells or other Personall Estate whatsoever (except before excepted) or in Publique Offices or Imployments of Profitt And the said Assessors are therein alsoe to be required and are hereby enjoyned to ascertaine and informe themselves by all lawfull Wayes and Meanes they can of the true and full yearely Value of all Mannours Messuages

• Howells O. : Bowen 0. 3 Esquire 0. * interlined on the Roll*

Commissioners to meet on or before the Fifth Day of February.

At the First Meeting to divide themselves in Hundreds, &c.

To direct Precepts to certain Number of Inhabitants, Constables, See. to appear before Commissioners.

At their Appearances the Commissioners to read the Rates and instruct them how to proceed in Execution of Act.

Such Persons absenting or refusing to serve.

Penalty 40s.

Commissioners to appoint Assessors;

and to appoint a Day and Place for Assessors to bring in Certificates of Names, &c. and Substance of Persons liable. Assessors to

inform themselves of the Value of Lands, Sec.

A.D.\688.

132

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

and thereupon to assess the same

and to bring at the Time so prefixed a Certificate of such Assessment; and also to return Names of Persons fit to be Collectors.

VI. Assessors neglecting or refusing to serve, or making Default of Appearance, or not performing their Duty.

Penalty.

Oaths to be taken by the Assessors.

l W. & M. Sess. i c.8.

Lands and Tenements as alsoe of all Quarries Mines of Coale Tinn or Lead Iron Workes Salt Springs and Salt Workes Allom Mines or Workes Parks Chases Warrens Woods Underwoods and Coppices and all Fishings Tythes Tolls Annuities and other yearely Profitts and of all Hereditaments of what nature or kinde soever scituate lying and being happening or ariseing within the Limitts of those Place swith which they shall be charged and being [thereof soe '] ascertained they are to Assesse all and every the said Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements and Premisses before appointed to be Charged after the Rate of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings of the full yearely Value as the same are Lett for or [are5] worth to be Lett at the time of Assessing thereof as aforesaid and to bring with them at the Time and Place soe as aforesaid prefixed for their Appearance a Certificate in Writeing of the said Assessment and shall then alsoe returne the Names of Two or more able and sufficient Persons liveing within the Limitts and Bounds of those Parishes Towneships Constablewicks or Places where they shall be chargeable respectively to be Collectors of the Moneys to be paid to Their Majestyes by this Act for whose paying in to the Head Collector in manner hereafter mentioned such Moneyes as they shall be charged withal 1 the Parish or Place wherein they are soe imployed shall be Answerable.

And if any Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall neglect or refuse to Serve or shall make Default at the time appointed for his Appearance (not haveing a lawfull Excuse to be Witnessed by the Oathes of Two credible Witnesses which the said Commissioners or any Two of them have power to Administer) or shall not performe his Duty every such Assessor shall for every such Neglect Refusall or Default forfeit and lose unto Their Majesties such Summe as the Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present or the major part of them shall thinke fitt not exceeding the Summe of Ten pounds nor under the Summe of Five pounds to be Levyed by Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattells in like manner as by this Act is appointed for Levying the severall Rates and Assesments herein mentioned in case of neglect or refusall of Payment and to be charged upon the respective Receivers Generali together with the said Rates and Assesments And every Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall before he take upon him the Execution of the said Imployment take the Oathes mentioned and required to be taken by an Act of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for Abrogating the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oathes And alsoe take an Oath to be Administred in these Words following

Form of Oath. y OU shall Sweare well and truely to Execute the Duty of an Assessor and to cause the Rates and Duties Imposed by an Act Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Ayd of Two shillings in the Pound for One Yeare to be Duely and Impartially Assessed according to the best of your Skill and Knowledge And therein you shall spare noe Person for Favour or Affection nor any Person Grieve for Hatred or 111 Will.

Soe helpe you God.

Which Oathes any two Commissioners in the County where the said Assesment is to be made have hereby Power and are required to Administer

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Rates and Assesments upon all ready Moneys Debts Goods Chattells Personall Estate and Publiqs Offices and Employments of Proffit charged by this Act shall be ascertained and the Certificates thereof returned to the Commissioners upon or before the Nineteenth day of February One thousand six hundred eighty nine unlesse the Commissioners shall thinke fitt to give further time And alsoe the Taxations and Assesments of the Pound-Rate of Two shillings in the Pound for every Twenty shillings of the yearely Value of all Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses charged by this Act shall be made and ascertained and the severall and respective Certificates thereof returned in to the Coinissioners upon or before the Nineteenth day of February aforesaid unlesse the Commissioners shall thinke fitt to give further time And upon returne of any such Certificate the Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall and may (if they see cause) Examine the Presenters thereof And if the said Coinissioners or any Three or more of them within their severall Limitts at the time of the returne of the Certificates as aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after shall know or have good cause to susped that any Person or Persons or any the Mannours Messuages Lands or other the Premisses which ought to be mentioned and charged in the said Certificates is or are ommitted or that any Person or Persons in the said Certificate mentioned is or are of a greater Estate or that any the said Mannours or other Premisses are of a greater yearely Value then in the said Certificate is mentioned the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall have Power to Summon such Person or Persons and the Owners or Possessors of such Mannours or other Premisses to appeare before them at a Day and Place prefixed to be Examined touching the Matters aforesaid And if the Person or Persons Summoned to be soe Examined shall neglect to appeare (not haveing a reasonable Excuse for such his Default) every Person soe making Default shall pay to Their Majestyes double the Summe he should or ought to have beene Sett at or Rated And moreover the Commissioners or the major part of soe many of them as shall be present shall have Power by all lawfull Wayes and Meanes to Examine into the Estate of such Person and the Value of such Premisses chargeable by this Act and to Sett such Rate or Rates upon the same as shall be according to the true intent of this Act And the said Assessors are hereby required to give one Copy of their Certificates or Assesments fairely Written and Subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners by whome they were appointed And the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to cause the said severall and respective Assesments to them delivered (when by them Approved of or Altered according to the true intent of this Act) to be fairely Written and to Signe and Seale severall Duplicates or Copies of the said Assesment and one of them soe Signed and Sealed forthwith to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the Sub Collectors and shall likewise deliver or cause to be delivered other Copies thereof soe Signed and Sealed unto the Head Collectors and Receivers Generali according to their severall and respective Colledions and Receipts And

Commissioners to administer same.

VII. Assessments on Personal Estate, Offices, &c. to be made, and Certificates returned on or before the ipth of Feb. unless longer Time be given by the Commissioners. The like Provision as to Assessments on Real Estates.

On Return of Certificates, Commissioners may examine Presenters. Commissioners having Cause to susped that any Persons or Lands are omitted or undercharged, may summon the Persons concerned to be examined. Persons summoned neglecting to appear

Penalty,

Double Rate. Commissioners may examine into the Values, and set such Rates as are according to the Intent of the Ad. Assessors to give one Copy of their Assessment to the Commissioners. Commissioners to give Duplicates to the Sub-Collectors, Head Collectors, and Receivers General.

* soe thereof O.

interlined on the Roll.

]° Gu l. & Mah . Sess. 2. c. ].

133

moreover the Commissioners shall cause a true Copy or Extract of the whole Summes Assessed anti Charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place Rated or Assessed in pursuance of this Act and of the whole Summes Rated or Assessed upon Personall Estates Offices or Imployments to be Certifyed and Transmitted into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer under the Hands and Seales of any Two or more of the Commissioners but without nameing the Persons in such their Certificates And this the said Commissioners shall cause to be done upon or before the Seaventeenth Day of March then next ensueing or within Thirty dayes after (all Appeales to them made being first determined) And the Kings Remembrancer in the Exchequer for the time being shall and is hereby required within Three monthes after the Duplicates of the last Payment shall be Transmitted to him to Transcribe all the Schedules and Duplicates of the Summes returned to him from and for every respective County Rideing City and Towne and every Hundred Wapentake Parish Division Towne and Place therein in a Booke of Parchment in Alphabeticall Order and a faire Legible Handwriteing and within Three monthes after the same shall be soe by him received to Transmitt all and every the same Schedules and Duplicates to the Office of the Writer of the Tallyes comonly called the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer who is hereby likewise authorised and required to Enter the same in the like Alphabeticall Order in another Booke of Parchment fairely Written to be [provided'] for that purpose

And bee it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That the Commissioners or any Two or more of them

shall issue out their Warrants or Estreates to the Subcolleclors under their Hands and Seales thereby Requireing

them to Levy and Collect all and every the Assesments and all the Moneys and Rates due thereupon according to the Duplicates thereof by them received and according to the Intent and Directions of this present Act Which said Sub Collectors are hereby required to demand all and every the Rates and Assesments herein mentioned which are laid upon Persons in respect of their Personall Estates Offices or Employments and to make such Demands of the Parties themselves if they can be found or otherwise at the Place of their last Abode and to Levy and Pay the same upon or before the First day of March in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and nine or within Twenty dayes after at such Place as the Commissioners shall appoint unto their respective Head Collectors who are hereby required to call upon and hasten their Subcolleftors to the said Payments And at or upon the Eighth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to Levy by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of

any Two or more of the said Commissioners by Distresse upon the Subcolleftors respectively such Summe and

Summes of Money as by him or them ought to have beene paid and is or are not paid by reason of his failure in doeing his Duty according to the Directions of this Act soe as every Head Collector may make Payment unto the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place to be Appointed by Their Majestyes of the full Summes by him to be paid on the Fifteenth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors and to Pay what he shall soe receive from the said Head Collectors into Their Majesties Receipt of [Excheque1 *] upon or before the Five and twentyeth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to the end that all and every the Rates and Assesments which by this Act are Imposed upon any Person or Persons in respect of his or their Personall Estate Offices or Employments may be spedily brought into Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer and there paid in upon or before the said Five and twentyeth day of March or within Twenty dayes after at One entire Payment And

the said Sub Collectors are alsoe required and enjoyned to Levy one Fourth part of the Pound Rate charged

upon all Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses as aforesaid and to pay the same unto their respective Head Collectors on or before the Eighth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Head Collectors are to hasten the said Sub Collectors And in case the same shall not be Collected by reason of [defeft3] or failure of Duty of the said Sub Collectors the said Head Collectors are to proceede against them by Distresse in like manner and by like Warrant as aforesaid And every Head Collector is hereby required to make Payment of what shall be soe Levyed or Received unto the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Fifteenth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors and to pay what he shall Receive from the said Head Collectors unto Their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the Five and twentyeth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to the end that the First Payment of the

said Pound-Rate of Two shillings may by that time be fully Answered and Paid in to Their Majestyes, And the

Subcolleftors shall alsoe Levy the Second Quarterly Payment of the said Pound-Rate Charged as aforesaid upon or before the Second day of June then next ensueing or within Twenty dayes after and shall alsoe Pay the same unto the said Head Collectors upon or before the Ninth day of June aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Head Collectors shall make Payment thereof to the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Sixteenth day of June aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Receiver Generali is alsoe required to make Payment of all which he shall soe Receive into Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the said Foure and twentyeth day of June then next ensueing or within Twenty dayes after to the end that the Second Payment of the said Pound Rate soe Charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully Answered and Paid in to Their Majestyes And the said Sub Collectors are alsoe required and enjoyned to Levy One other Quarterly Payment of the said Pound Rate Charged as aforesaid upon or before the Fourth day of September then next ensueing and shall alsoe Pay the same unto the respective Head Collectors on or before the Twelfth day of September aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Head Collectors are to hasten the said Sub Collectors And in case the same shall not be Collected by reason of neglect or failure of Duty in the said Sub Collectors the Head Collectors are to proceede against them by Distresse in like manner and by like Warrant as aforesaid And every Head Collector is hereby required to make Payment of what shall be soe Levyed or Received unto the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Nine and twentyeth day of September aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the

1 produced O. v Exchequer O. * neglect O.

And to cause a Copy <»r Extract under Hand and Seal to he certified into the Exchequer before the 17th of March

Which the King's Remembrancer shall transcribe within Three Months and transmit to the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt;

Who is to enter the same.

VIII.

Two or more Commissioners to issue Warrants to the Sub-CoIleftors. Sub-Collectors to demand Assessments; and to levy and pay the same to Head Collectors.

Head Collectors to hasten Sub-Collectors ; and to levy and distrain upon Sub-Collectors being behind.

Head Collectors to make Payment to the Receiver General.

Receiver General to pay into the Exchequer on or before the 25th of March, or within 20 Days after. Sub-Collectors to levy ist Quarterly Payment, and to pay same to Head Collectors.

Head Collectors to hasten Sub-Collectors, and in case of Failure to proceed as aforesaid.

Head Collector to make Payment to the Receiver General on the 15th of March, or within 20 Days after.

Receiver General to hasten Head Collectors, and to pay into the Exchequer on or before the 25th of March, or within 20 Days after.

Sub-Collectors to levy 2d Payment, and pay the same to Head Collectors. Head Collectors to make Payment thereof to Receiver General.

Receivers General to pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 24th of June, or within 20 Days. Sub-Collectors to levy the 3d Quarterly Payment. Head Collectors to hasten the Sub-Collectors.

Head Collector to make his Payment to the Receiver General.

Receiver General to hasten Head Collectors, and to

M m

134

A.D. 1688.

make his Payment into the Exchequer on or before 29th Sept, or within 20 Days.

Sub-Collectors to levy the Fourth Quarterly Payment. Head Collectors to make Payment to Receiver General, who is to make Payment into the Exchequer, on or before the 25 th Dec. or within 20 Days.

IX.

Sub-Collectors to pay Monies received by them to Head Collectors, whose Receipt to be a Discharge. Reward to Sub-Collector,

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, and to be nominated by him. Receivers General answerable. Sub-Collectors not obliged to travel more than 10 Miles to make their Payments.

Receiver General's Acquittance a Discharge to Head Collector.

Reward to Head Collector.

Receiver General to pay Monies received by him into the Exchequer, as before mentioned. Allowance to Receiver General. X.

Fee to

Commissioners Clerks for transcribing Warrants.

Persons

neglecting, See. to pay Assessment in respect of Personal Estate, Offices, or Lands; Distress issued and Proceedings thereon.

Rate not paid in Four Days Distress appraised and sold for Payment, and Overplus to Owner.

Houses, &c. may be broken open.

Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors and to Pay what he shall Receive from the said Head Collectors unto Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the Nine and twentyeth day of September aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to the end that the Third Payment of the said Pound-Rate of Two shillings may by that time be fully Answered and Paid in to Their Majesties And the Subcollectors shall alsoe Levy One other Quarterly Payment of the said Pound Rate Charged as aforesaid upon or before the Second day of December then next ensueing or within Twenty dayes after and shall alsoe Pay the same unto the said Head Collectors upon or before the ninth day of December aforesaid or within twenty dayes after And the said Head Collectors shall make Payment thereof to the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Sixteenth day of December aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Receiver Generali is alsoe required to make Payment of all which he shall soe Receive into Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the Five and twentyeth day of December aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to the end that the Fourth and last Quarterly Payment of the said Pound Rate soe Charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully Answered and Paid in to Their Majesties And all Commissioners Collectors and Receivers are hereby required and enjoyned to apply themselves with all Diligence to the most speedy and elfeCluall Execution of their severall and respective Duties that soe Their Majestyes Service herein may not be delayed or hindred through any of their wilfull neglect or default.

And it is further Enacted and Declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Moneys Received by the Sub Collectors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duely Paid to the Head Collectors whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Sub Collector which Sub Collector for Gathering the said particular Summes shall retaine in his Hands for every 'Twenty shillings by him soe Paid Three pence as a Reward for his Paines and Service And the Head Collectors shall accordingly Pay over the said Moneys unto the Receiver Generali of each County City or Place respectively in manner aforesaid (which Head Collector or Collectors shall be Nominated and Appointed by the Receivers Generali of the respective Counties which said Receivers Generali shall be Answerable for all such Summes of Money as shall be by him or them Collected or Received) And that noe Sub Collector shall be enforced to Travell above the space of Ten miles for the Payment of the said Moneys that shall be by him Collected or Received And the said Receiver [Generali1] Acquittance shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Head Collector who shall retaine in his Hands for every Twenty shillings soe by him Paid One Peny as a Reward for his Paines and Service And the Receiver Generali shall Pay the whole Summes by him Received into the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer in such manner and at or before such Dayes and Times as are herein before limitted and shall have an Allowance of Two pence in the Pound for all Moneys which shall be by him Paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer upon or before the Times prefixed in this Act

And for the carefoll Writeing and Transcribeing the said Warrants Estreats and Duplicates in due time It is further Enacted That the Commissioners Clerkes who shall respectively performe the same shall by Warrant under Two or more of the Commissioners Hands have and receive from the respective Head Collectors One Peny in the Pound of all such Moneys as he or they shall have Received by vertue of such Warrants and Estreats (who are hereby appointed and allowed to Pay the same accordingly; And if any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay the severall Rates and Assesments wherewith he is Charged by this Act for or in respect of his Persona 11 Estate Offices or Employment and which he ought to Pay Or if the Pound Rate or any Payment thereof soe as aforesaid Charged upon any Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses shall be neglected or refused to be Paid Then upon Demand made by the Officer or Collector of the Place according to the Precept or Estreate to him delivered by the said Commissioners it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Officer or Collector and he and they is and are hereby required for Non-payment thereof to Distraine the Person or Persons soe refuseing or neglecting to Pay by his or their Goods or Chattells or to Distraine [in and*] upon the Messuages Lands Tenements and Premisses soe Charged and the Goods and Chattells then and there found and the Distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of foure Dayes at the Costs and Charges of the Owner thereof and if the said Owner doe not pay the Summe of Money due by this Act within the said Foure dayes Then the said Distresse to be Appraised by two or three of the Inhabitants where the said Distresse is taken and to be sold by the said Officer or Collector for the payment of the said Money and the overplus comeing by the said Sale (if any be over and above the Charges of takeing and keepeing the Distress) to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof And moreover it shall be lawfull to breake open in the day-time any House and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the said Commissioners any Chest Trunke or Box or other things where such Goods are (calling to their Assistance the Constables Tythingmen or Iieadburroughs within the Countyes Townes or Places where any Refusall Neglect or Resistance shall be made which said Officers are hereby required to be Aiding and Assisting in the Premisses)

XL

Infants making Default, Parents,

&c. to pay, and on Default may be proceeded against.

Parents, 5cc. allowed such Payments in their Accounts.

Tenants to pay for Landlords and may deduct out of

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That where any Person or Persons chargeable with any Rates or Assessments by this Act Imposed shall he under the Age of One and twenty yeares in every such Case the Parents Guardians or Tutors of such Infants respectively upon default of payment by such Infants shall be and are hereby made lyable to and chargeable with the Payments which such Infants ought to have made And if such Parents (J) Guardians or Tutors shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid it shall and may be lawfull to proceede against them in like manner as against any other Person or Persons makeing default of payment as herein before appointed And all Parents Guardians or Tutors makeing payment as aforesaid shall be allowed all and every the Summes soe paid for such Infants upon his and their Accompts And the severall and respective Tennants of all and every the Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses which by vertue of this Act shall be chargeable with any Pound Rate as aforesaid are hereby [authorized and required *] to pay

1 Generalls 0. * interlined on the Roll. 1 or O. 4 required and authorized 0.

135

1° Gul. & Mab. Sess. 2. c. 1.

such Summe or Summes of Money as shall be Rated upon such Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses and to deduct out of their Rents soe much of the said Rates as in respect of the said Rents payable for such Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Premisses the Landlord should and ought to beare And all Landlords both mediate and immediate (according to their respective Interests) are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the residue of the Rents And every Tennant paying the said Assessments of the Pound Rate shall bee and is hereby Acquitted and Discharged for soe much

Money as the said Assesment shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually paid unto such Person or

Persons unto whome his Rent should have beene due & payable.

And bee it (‘) Enacted That every Person Rated or Assessed for his Office or Employment shall be Rated and Pay for his (*) Office and Employment in the County City or Place where such Office or Employment is executed. And every Person who is or shall be Rated for or in respect of any Personall Estate to him any way belonging shall be Rated at such Place where he or she shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Act And all Persons not being Householders nor haveing a certaine Place of Residence shall be Taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Act And if any Person who ought to be Taxed by vertue of this Act for or in respect of his Personall Estate shall at the time of his Assesment be out of the Realme such Person shall be Rated therefore in such County City or Place where he was last abideing within the Realme Provided that where any Person shall have any Goods Wares or Merchandizes in any County or Countyes other then the County where he shall be resident or had his last Residence it shall be lawful 1 to Rate or Assesse such Person for such Goods Wares and Merchandizes in the County or Countyes where the [same1] shall be [And every Person who shall be1] Rated or Assessed for or in respect of any Mannours Messuages

Lands Tenements or other the Premisses according to the Poundrate of Two shillings as aforesaid shall be Rated

and Assessed in the Place where such Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses respectively doe lye and not elsewhere.

Provided alwayes That if any Person or Persons by reason of his or their haveing severall Mansion houses or places of Residence or otherwise shall be doubly Charged by occasion of this Act for or in respect of his or their Personall Estate then upon Certificate made by two or more of the Commissioners for the County City or Place of his or their last Personall Residence under their Hands and Seales of the Summe or Summes charged upon him or them and in what Capacity or Respect he or they were soe charged (which Certificate the said Commissioners are required to give without Delay Fee or Reward) And upon Oath made of such Certificate before any one Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the said Certificate shall be made (which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby Authorized and Required to Administer) Then the Person and Persons soe doubly Charged shall for soe much as shall be soe certified be Discharged in every other County City or Place, And if any Person that ought to be Taxed by vertue of this Act for or in respect of his Personall Estate shall by changeing his Place of Residence or by any other Fraude or Covin escape from the Taxation and not be Taxed and the same be proved before the Commissioners or any two of them or licfore any two Justices of the Peace of the County where such person dweleth or resideth at any time within Six Moneths next ensueing after such Taxe made every Person that shall soe escape from the Taxation and Payment shall be Charged (upon proofe thereof) at the double Value of soe much as he should or ought to have beene Taxed at by this Act the said double Value (upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners or Justices before whome such Proofe shall be made) to be Levyed of the Goods Lands and Tenements of such Persons

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Commissioners that shall be within any County City or Place within the respective Limitts or the major part of them shall Rate Tax and Assesse every other Commissioner joyned with them for and in respect of the Ready Money Debts Goods C.hattells and Personall Estate of such Commissioners And alsoe for and in respect of the Offices and Employments of Profitt which at the time of such Taxation shall be held and enjoyed by such Commissioner soe as the Residence and usuall

Dwelling-place of such Commissioner soe to be Taxed be within the Division of such Commissioner by whome

he is Taxed And soe as the Office or Employment held and enjoyed by such Commissioner soe to be Taxed be likewise to be Exercised within the Division or Limitts of such Commissioner by whome he is to be Taxed And the Commissioners within their Division shall alsoe Assesse every Assessor within their Division for all and singular the Premisses for which by this Act he ought to be Rated and Assessed And as well all Summes Assessed upon every the said Commissioners and Assessors as the Assesments made and sett by the Assessors aforesaid shall be Written Estreated Levyed and Gathered as the same should and ought to have beene if such Commissioners had not beene named Commissioners

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons haveing any Share or Shares or Interest in the Fresh Streame of Running Water brought to the North Parts of London comonly called the New River or in the Thames Water workes or in the Hyde-Parke or Marybone

Waters or any Rents or Profitts ariseing thereby And all Person and Persons haveing any Share or Interest in

the Stockc or Stocks for Printing of Bookes in or belonging to the House commonly called The Kings Printing House shall pay for the same the Summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings of the full yearely Value thereof And that all C.ompanyes of Merchants in London charged by this Act shall be Assessed by the Commissioners Nominated and Appointed for the said City or any Three of them for their respective Joynt Stocke and Stocks And all and every Person and Persons haveing any Share or Shares or Interest in the [New1] River Water brought to the North part of London or in the Thames Water Workes or the Hyde Parke or Marybone Waters or [in*]

their Rents, and Landlords to allow such Doduftions.

Tenant hereby acquitted for such Payments.

XII.

Persons in Office rated where such Office is executed. Other Persons, in respect of Personal Estate, to be rated where resident. Persons not being Householders, ike. to be rated where resident at Execution of Act. Absentees rated at last Place of Abode. Proviso as to Persons having Goods, &c. in any County other than County where resident.

Persons rated for Lands, &c. to be rated where Lands situate.

XIII.

If Persons having several Mansions be doubly charged in respect of Personal Estate,

on Certificate of Commissioners, to be granted without Fee, and on Oath before Justices of Peace,

such Persons discharged.

Persons escaping from Taxation charged at Double the Value.

XIV.

The Power of Commissioners to assess other Commissioners and Assessors.

XV.

Shares in New River, and in the Thames, Hyde Park and Marybone Waters.

Shares in the King's Printing House.

Companies of Merchants in London how and by whom assessed.

1 further O.

9 said 0.

s interlined on the Roll.

4 0. omits.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar.

Scss. 2. c. 1.

And by whom and to whom the Rates in such Cases paid.

XVI. Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey

and for Persons born in Ireland, who have fled into this Kingdom. Persons aggrieved by Rate,

complaining within Ten Days to Commissioners, the Commissioners may examine upon Oath,

and may abate or increase Assessment, and certify.

See. same into Exchequer.

XVII. Assessors or others appointed by Commissioners neglecting Duty. Penalty certified into Exchequer. Commissioners from Time to Time to require Accounts from Receiver General, and in case of Failure, Money to be levied.

If any

Controversy between Commissioners concerning the Rates,

Proceedings. Question touching the Rates determined by Two or more Commissioners. Receiver General to give Acquittances to Head Collectors gratis, and Head Collectors to Subcollectors. Subcollectors to deliver to Head Collectors a Schedule under Hand and Seal of Names, &c. of the Persons rated making Default when no Distress found.

Head Collector to deliver the same to the Receiver General to be by him returned into the Exchequer. Proceedings.

XVIII.

Letters Patent from the Crown of Privilege or non obstantes not to exempt from Payment of Assessment.

XIX.

Persons dwelling in Cities, &c. not compelled to be Assessors, $£C. out of them.

any [Rent'] or Profitts ariseing thereby charged by this Act And alsoe the said Stocke and Shares for Printing as aforesaid shall be Assessed for the same in like manner by the said Commissioners or any Three of them after the Rates herein Contained And the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall Appoint by the Governours and Respective Treasurers of the said Respective Companies and by the Treasurer or Receivers of the said River Waters and Water Works and Stocke for Printing and be deducted at and out of their next Dividend.

Provided also That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guernsey for and concerning any such Personall Estate which they or any to their use have within the Places aforesaid Nor to any Persons who haveing beene Inhabitants of Ireland have fled into this Kingdome since the First day of November One thousand six hundred eighty and eight for or concerning any Personall Estate which they or any to their use have in this Kingdome of England or in the said Kingdome of Ireland And if any Person or Persons Certified Assessed or Rated for or in respect of any Reall or Personall Estate or for or in respect of any Matter or Thing for which by this Act he or they is or may be Rated or Charged doe finde him or themselves agrieved with such Assessing or Rateing and doe within Ten dayes after Demand thereof made Complaint* to the Comissioners the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them (wrhereof one of the Commissioners who Signed or Allowed his or their Rate to be one) shall and may within Ten dayes next after such Complaint perticularly Examine any person or persons upon his or their Oath touching the Value of his or their Reall or Personall Estate and other the Matters aforesaid and upon due Examinacon or Knowledge thereof Abate Defaulke Increase or Enlarge the said Assessment and the same soe Abated Increased or Enlarged shall be Levyed and shall be Certified or Estreated into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid And to that end the said Commissioners are hereby required to meete together for the Determineing of such Complaints and Appeales accordingly

And it is further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Assessor Collector Receiver or other Person appointed by the Comissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this Act Or if any Assessor shall wittinly or knowingly Underrate or Assesse at an Under value any Person or Thing chargeable by this Act The said respective Commissioners or any Three or more of them may and shall by vertue of this Act Impose on such person and persons soe refuseing neglecting or not performeing their Duties any Fine not exceeding the Summe of Ten pounds nor under the Suine of Five pounds for every Offence the same to be Levyed and Certified as aforesaid into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer an^l Charged upon the respective Receiver Generali amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid And the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them may and shall from time to time call for and require an Accompt from the respective Receiver Generali of all the Moneys Received by him of the said Head Collectors and of the Payment thereof into Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer according to the Direction of this Act And in case of any failure in the Premisses the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith Levyed and Paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And in case of any Controversie ariseing betweene the said Commissioners concerning any Rates or Assessments to be laid by vertue of this Act the Commissioners that shall be concerned therein shall have noe Voice but shall withdraw' dureing the Debate of such Controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners And all Questions and Differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assesments or Levyes shall be Heard and finally Determined by Two or more of the Commissioners upon Complaint thereof to them made by any person or persons thereby grieved without further trouble or Suite in the Law And the said Receiver Generali shall give Acquittances gratis to the said Head Collectors for all Moneys of them Received And the said Head Collectors shall also give Acquittances gratis to the Subcollectors for all such Moneys as shall be paid them in persuance of this Act And the said Subcolleftors shall make and deliver to the said Head Collectors a perfect Schedule fairly Written in Parchment under their Hands and Seales Signed and Allow'ed by any Two or more of the respective Commissioners containing the Names Simames and Places of Abode of every Person within their respective Collection that shall make default of payment of any of the Summes that shall be Rated or Assessed on such person by vertue of this Act where noe sufficient Distresse is to be found and not otherwise and the Summe and Summer charged on every such Person the same Schedule to be ‘delivered by the Head Collector to the Receiver Generali of the County City or Place respectively to be by him returned into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer Whereupon every Person soe makeing default of payment may be charged by Processe of the said Court according to the Course of the Court of Exchequer in such Cases

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Letters Patents Granted by Their Majesties or any of Their Royall Progenitors to any Person or Persons Cities Burroughs or Townes Corporate within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions from Subsidies Tolls Taxes Assessments or Aids shall be construed or taken to Exempt any Person or Persons City Burrough or Towne Corporate or any of the Inhabitants of the same from the Burthen and Charge of any Summe or Summes of Money Granted by this Act But that all and every such Person and Persons City Burrough and Towne Corporate shall pay their Proportions of all Rates and Assesments by this present Act Imposed (any such Letters Patents Grants or Charters or any Clause of Non obstante Matter or Thing therein contained or any Law Statute Custome or Prescription to the contrary notwithstanding)

Provided alsoe That noe Person inhabiting in any City Burrough or Towne Corporate shall be compelled to be any Assessor or Collector of or for any part of the Rates and Assessments hereby granted in any Place or Places out of the Limitts of the said City Burrough or Towne Corporate.

1 Rents O.

A.D. 1688.

137

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.l.

Provided alsoe That nothing in this Act contained shall be extended to Charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities or the Colledges of Windsor Eaton Winton or Westminster (or the Corporation of the Governours of the Charity for Reliefe of poore Widows and Children of Clergymen) or the Colledge of Bromley or any Hospitalls or Almeshouses or any Free Schoole for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges or Halls or Hospitalls or Almeshouses or Free Schoole or any Master Fellow or Scholler of any such Colledge or Hall or in any other Free Schooles or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universities Colledges or Schools or of any Almesmen of any Hospitalls or Almshouses for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Profitts whatsoever ariseing or growing due to them in respect of the said severall Places and Employments in the said Universities Colledges Halls Schools Hospitalls or Almeshouses nor to Charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall or the Hospitalls of Saint Bartholomew Bridewell Saint Thomas and Bethlehem Hospitall within the City of London and Burrough of Southwarke or any of them or to any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities or to the Colledges of Eaton Winchester or Westminster or to any Hospitall Almeshouse or Free Schoole whatsoever for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitalls being to be Received and Disbursed for the immediate Use and Reliefe of the Poore in the said Hospitalls. Provided That noe Tenants of any Lands or Houses by Lease or Grant from any of the said Hospitalls Colledges Halls Almeshouses or Free Schooles or the said Corporation shall Claiine or enjoy any Freedome or Exemption by this Act but that all the Houses and Lands which they soe hold shall be Rated for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitalls Colledges Halls Almeshouses or Free-Schooles.

Provided alsoe That where any Person Inhabiting within the City of London or any other City or Towne Corporate hath his Dwellinghouse in one of the Parishes and Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandices chargeable by this A ft in one or more [of the other'] Parishes or Wards in the same City That then such Person shall be Charged Taxed and Assessed for such his Goods and Merchandices in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth and not elsewhere in the said City

Provided alwayes and bee it further Declared and Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for [the1] avoiding all Obstructions and Delayes in Assessing and Collecting the Sums which by this Act are to be Rated and Assessed all Places Constablewicks Divisions and Allotments which [havel] used to be Rated and Assessed shall Pay and be Assessed in such County Hundred Rape Wapentake Constablewicke Division Place and Allotment as the same hath heretofore usually beene Assessed in and not elsewhere.

Provided alwayes and bee it further Enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish or Constablewicke shall lye unoccupied and noe Distress can be found on the same nor the Person of the true Owner or Proprietor can be found within the County wherein such House or Land lyeth by reason whereof the Rate and Assessment upon such unoccupied [House1] and Lands cannot be Levyed That then upon Complaint made thereof to the Commissioners for the County where such Case shall happen to be the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall Certifie into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer the Name of the Person whose Lands or House soe lyeth unoccupied together with the Summe thereupon Assessed and the Parish or Place where such Land or House lyeth which Certificate is hereby declared to be a sufficient Charge upon the Person and Land or House therein named and shall make the Person Debtor to Their Majesties for the Summe soe Assessed and the Court of Exchequer shall issue out Processe thereupon against the Body Goods and all other the Lands of such Debtor untill the Summe soe Assessed be fully and actually Levyed and Paid to Their Majestyes

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That at the expiration of the respective Times in this Act prescribed for the full payment of the severall and respective Rates and Assesments herein before granted the severall and respective Commissioners or any Two or more of them within their Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the Chiefe Collectors and Sub Collectors within each respective Division and Hundred to Examine and Assure themselves of the' full and whole Payment of the particular Summe and Summes of Money Charged within and upon the said Division and Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of the due Returne of the same into the Hands of the Receiver Generali of the said County City Towne and Place respectively and by such Receiver Generali to the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer to the end there may be noe failure in the Payment of any part of the Rates and Assessments which by this Act ought to be Levyed and Paid And in case of any failure in the Premisses the Commissioners or any Two of them are to cause the same forthwith to be Levyed and Paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

XX.

Proviso for Universities and Colleges of Windsor,

Eton, Winchester, Westminster, Corporation for Relief of Clergymen's Widows, -See. College of Bromley, Free Schools, Hospitals, and Alms-Houses, Masters, &c. in such Colleges, Christ's Hospital, St. Bartholomew, Bridewell,

St. Thomas's and Bethlehem ; but Tenants of said Hospitals, Colleges, See. to be rated according to Yearly Value above Rent reserved to said Hospitals, &c.

XXI. Persons dwelling in one Parish or Ward, and having Goods, &c. in other Parishes or Wards, charged where they dwell.

XXII.

All Places to pay and be assessed in such County, &c. as heretofore.

XXIII. Lands and Houses lying unoccupied, and no Distress found, nor Owner found in the County;

Commissioners to certify to Exchequer, See.

Such Certificate a sufficient Charge;

Process thereupon' out of Exchequer.

XXIV.

At the Expiration of Time for Payment of Assessment, Commissioners to call before them the Collectors, &c. to examine as to Payments.

In case of Failure, Commissioners to proceed forthwith.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby Enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person and persons to Advance and Lend unto Their Majestyes upon the Security of this Act any Summe or Summes of Money and to have and receive for the Forbearance thereof after the Rate of Seven pounds by the Hundred for One whole Yeare and noe more directly or indirectly And moreover that noe Money soe Lent upon the Security of this Act or any other Act of this present Parliament shall be Rated or Assessed by vertue of this Act.

XXV.

Money may be lent to the Crown, on Security of Act, at s€'j per Cent, per Ann.

And to the end that all Moneys which shall be Lent unto Their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act may be well and sufficiently Secured out of the Moneys ariseing and payable by this Act Bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid [Th*] there shall be provided and kept in Their Majestyes Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts one Booke or Register in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by vertue of this Act shall be Entred and Registred apart and distinct from all other Moneys

XXVI. Register to be kept in the Exchequer of Monies paid into Exchequer.

1 interlined on the Roll.

1 Houses 0.

» that O.

N n

A.D. 16'8 8.

Persons lending Money to have Tally of Loan, and Order containing Warrant for Payment of Interest at £-} per Cent, per Ann. until Repayment of Principal.

Such Orders to be registered to Date of Tally; and Persons paid in Course as Orders stsnd entered.

Monies raised under Act liable in the same Order for such Repayment;

and not to be divertible to any other Use.

No Fee for providing such Books, or making Entries, ice. or for Payment of the Money so lent.

Penalty.

If undue Preference by Officer.

Penalty.

If by Deputy. Penalty.

Auditor, &c. or Deputy not directing Order and making Payment in Order as aforesaid. Penalty.

XXVII. What not interpreted undue Preference, where Tallies brought the same Day.

paid or payable to Their Majestyes upon any other Branch of Their Majestyes Revenue or upon any other Account whatsoever And that all and every Person and Persons who shall Lend any Money to Their Majestyes upon the Credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment beareing the same Date with his Tally in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for Forbearance after the Rate of Seaven pounds per Centum per Annu for his Consideration to be paid every Three months untill Repayment of his Principal I And that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be Registred in course according to the Date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another And that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand Entred in the said Register Booke soe as that the Person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Order or Orders first Entered in the said Booke of Register shall he taken and accounted as the first Person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by vertue of this Act And he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next Entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid and soe successively and in course And that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Parties their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other Use Intent or Purpose whatsoever And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly he demanded or taken of any Their Majestyes Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entryes View or Search in or for Payment of Money Lent or the Interest as aforesaid by any of Their Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputyes on paine of Payment of treble Damages to the Partie grieved by the Partic offending with Costs of Suite Or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his Place alsoe And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaneing of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the Partie offending shall he lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the Value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Partie grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office and if such Preference be unduely made by any his Deputie or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master Then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make Payment according to each persons due Place and Order as afore directed Then he or they shall be judged to Forfeitc and their respective Deputyes and Clerks herein Offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which [said1] Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be Incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputies or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Their Majestyes Courts (:) at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Privilcdge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallies of Loane or Orders for Payment as aforesaid beare Date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be Registred then it shall be Interpreted noe undue Preference which of those he Enters first soe he Enters them all the same day.

J

XXVIII. The like Proviso upon Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, and Teller paying subsequent Orders when first demanded.

XXIX. Proviso for Ri^ht of Persons having Money due to them to assign their Interest in order for Repayment.

Memorial of Assignment without Fee. Assignee may assign.

Assignments not to be released, &c. by Assignor.

XXX.

Where Ad ion, &c. commenced against Persons executing

Aa.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be Interpreted any undue Preference to incurr any Penaltie in point of Payment if the Auditor Direct and the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Teller doe Pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Order before other Persons that did not come to demand their Money and bring their Order in their Course soe as there be soe much Money reserved as will saiisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them (Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Bancke for them.)

And bee it [further1] Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any Moneys shall be due by vertue of this ACI after Order Entered in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement of his Order may Assigne and Transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notifyed in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall Entitule such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner Assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignments to make Void Release or Discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Action Suite Plaint or Information shall be Commenced or Prosecuted against any person or persons for [whatsoever3] he or they shall doe in Pursuance or in Execution of this Act such person or persons soe Sued in any Court whatsoever shall and may pleade the Generali Issue Not guilty' and upon any Issue joyned may give this ACI and the speciall Matter in Evidence and if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a VerdiCl passe against him the Defendants shall recover their treble Costs For which they shall have the like Remedy as in Case where Costs by Law are given to the Defendants.

1 interlined on the Roll.

,J of Record 0.

3 wlul 0.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2.

c. 1.

139

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That every Rate Tax or Assessment which shall be made or imposed by vertue of this Act in respect of any House or Tenement which an Embassador Resident Agent or other publick Minister of any Forreigne Prince or State now doth or shall hereafter Inhabite or Occupie shall be paid by the Landlord or Owner of the said House or Tenements respectively

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That in all Priviledged and other Places being Extraparochiall or not within any the Constablewicks or Precincts of the respective Assessors to be appointed by vertue of this Act (although in any Monethly or other Tax they have not been Assessed or Rated heretofore) the said Commissioners or any two or more of them shall and are hereby required to Nominate and Appoint two fitt Persons liveing in or neere the said Priviledged or other Places as aforesaid to be Assessors for the said Places and to make and retume their Assessments in like manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish Tything or Place And alsoe to appoint one or more Collectors who are hereby required to Collect and Pay the same according to the Rates appointed by this Act for Collecting and Paying all Summes of Money payable by this Act

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall be Construed to alter change determine or make

void any Contrafts Covenants or Agreements whatsoever betweene the Landlord and Tenant touching the payment of Taxes or Assessments any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noc Commissioner or Commissioners who shall be imployed in the Execution of this Act shall be lyable for or by reason of such

Execution to any of the Penaltyes mentioned in an Act made in the Five and twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of

King Charles the Second for the preventing ot Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That noe person shall be capeable of Acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act before he shall have taken the Oathes appointed by an Act of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for Abrogateing of the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oathes (which Oathes it shall be lawful 1 for any Two or more Commissioners to Administer and are hereby required to Administer

to any other Commissioners)

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Papist or reputed Papist being of the Age of Sixteene yeares or upwards who shall not have taken the Oathes mentioned and required to be taken by an Act made in the last Session of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for the Abrogating of the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oathes shall Ycild and Pay unto Their Majestyes Double the Summes and Rates which by force or vertue of any Clause in this Act before mentioned or contained he or she [should or'J ought to pay or be charged with (that is to say) for every hundred pounds of ready Money and

Debts and for every hundred pounds worth of Goods Wares Merchandiccs Chattells or personall Estate the

Summe of Fowre and twenty shillings and soe after that Rate for every greater or lesser quantity And for every Twenty shillings of the full yearely value of any Mannours Messuages or other Hereditaments or Premisses charged by this Act which he or she shall have or hold the Summe of Foure shillings to be Assessed Levyed and Collected Answered Recovered and Paid in such manner by such wayes and meanes and according to such Rules and Directions and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are before in this Act expressed or appointed for and concerning the above mentioned Rates and Summes which are hereby intended to be doubled as aforesaid. Provided

neverthelesse That if any such Papist or reputed Papist within Ten dayes after the First Meeting of the said

Commissioners in the respective Counties or Places where he or she ought to be Taxed or Assessed according to the intent of this present Act shall take the said Oathes before Two or more of the said Commissioners which

Oathes the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to Administer That in such Case he or she shall not be

lyable to be doubly Assessed as aforesaid

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Person being of the Age of Sixteene years or upwards and being within this Realme at the time of the Execution of this Act who shall not before that time have taken the said Oathes mentioned and required to be taken by the said Act Entituled An Act for the Abrogating of the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oathes and upon Summons by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of any One or more of the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall refuse to take the said Oathes at the Time appointed in the said Warrant or shall neglect to appeare at such Time before the Commissioners in order to take the said Oathes (which Oathes the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby impowered and required to Administer) shall yield and pay unto Their Majestyes double the Summes and Rates which by force or vertue of any Clause in this Act before mentioned or contained

he or she should or ought to pay or be charged with in manner as is before in this Act appointed touching

Papists of reputed Papists to be Assessed Levyed Collected Answered Recovered and Paid in such Manner by such Wayes and Meanes and according to such Rules and Directions and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are before in this Act expressed or appointed for and concerning the above mentioned Rates and Summes which are hereby intended to be doubled as aforesaid.

And bee it further Enacted That any one or more of the Commissioners appointed by this Act upon'Information given or upon any Cause of Suspition in that behalfe shall and are hereby required and enjoyned to cause every Person suspected or against who me such Information shall be given to be summoned to appeare and take the said Oathes as aforesaid.

XXXI.

Proviso for Houses of Ambassadors, Landlords, &c. answerable.

XXXII. Proviso as to Extra-parochial and Privileged Places. Commissioners to appoint Assessors and Collectors.

Duty of such Collectors.

XXXIII.

Proviso for Contrafts between Landlords and Tenants touching Payment of Taxes.

XXXIV. Commissioners executing Act not liable to Penalties of 25 Car. II. c. 2.

XXXV. Commissioners to take the Oaths of c. 8. ante.

XXXVI.

Papists of the Age of 17 and upwards, not having taken the Oath of c. 8. ante, to pay Double Rate.

Proviso for Papists taking the said Oaths within Ten Days after First Meeting of Commissioners.

XXXVII. Persons of and above the Age of 16, &c. not having taken Oath of c. 8. ante, and being summoned by Commissioners, and not appearing

Penalty, Double Rate.

XXXVIII. On Information on Suspicion, Commissioners to summon Person to take the said Oaths.

1 interlined on the Roll.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.l.

sU).\688.

XXXIX. Proviso for Quakers making, itc. the Declaration of Fidelity of c. 18. ante.

XL.

Loans to the Crown between the i ith of Nov. and 21st of Dec. 1689, upon the Credit of c. 20. ante.

and all Orders for the same not exceeding ^300,000, and Interest, to be transferred, on Application of the Lenders, to the Register under this Act; and such Monies rcpaid,with Interest at £7 perCent. per Ann. out of Monies raised under this Act.

Auditor of Receipt to make Memorandums in the Margin of his Books accordingly. Succeeding Orders to be paid in Course.

XU.

Fees to Officers of Exchequer for Monies issued to the Army out of Monies of this Act.

XLII. Proviso for certain Goods on Shipboard, and detained for want of Convoy.

XLIII.

Proviso for Lands under the yearly Value of 20s.

XLIV. Officers of the Court of Chancery, executing their Offices within the Liberty of the Rolls, to bt assessed there.

XLV.

After all the aforesaid Allowances and Repayments,

at'400,000. Part of the Monies to be raised by this Act,to be applied to the Service of the Navy.

Provided neverthelesse That whereas certaine Persons Dissenters from the Church of England commonly called Quakers and now knowne to be such doe scruple the takeing of any Oath It shall be sufficient for every such Person to Make and Subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity contained in an Act made in the late Session of this present Parlyament Intituled An Act for Exempting Their Majestyes Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certaine Lawes Which Declaration any two or more of the Commissioners appointed

for the Execution of this Act are hereby Impowered and Required to take And every such Person soe doeing

shall not be lyable to or chargeable with any of the Double Rates aforesaid.

And bee it further Enacted That all and every the Loanes which betweene the Eleaventh day of November One thousand six hundred eighty and nine and the One and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred eighty and nine have beene or shall have beene made by any Person or Persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate into the Receipt of the Exchequer upon Credit of an Act made in the late Session of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Ayd of Twelve pence in the Pound for One Yeare for the necessary Defence of Their Realmes. And all and every or any of the Orders for the same Loanes or any of them not exceeding Three hundred thousand pounds in the whole and the Interest thereof shall by Vertue and Authoritie of this present Act at the instance or instances of the Lenders thereof his her or their

Executors Administrators or Assignes to be made to the Auditor of the Receipt of the said Exchequer be

transferred to the Register appointed to be kept by this present Act and be Registrcd therupon And the Moneys soe lent and which are or shall be contained in such transferred Orders with the Interest after the rate of Seaven pounds per Centum per Annum shall be payable and paid to the Lenders of the same his her or their Executors Administrators or Assignes out of the Moneys ariseing by Vertue of this Act as fully and effectually as if such Loanes had beene Originally made upon the Credit of this present Act and as if such transferred Orders were Originally Registred upon the Register by these Presents appointed to be kept And that the Auditor of the said Receipt upon the transferring of the said Loanes or the Orders for the same as aforesaid shall make Memorandums in the Margin of his Bookes where the same doe or shall stand Entered or Registred upon the said Act for the Grant of the said Twelve pence in the Pound importing the Transcrrence thereof and rhat they are to be paid out of the Moneys ariseing by Vertue of this Act And any succeeding Orders which shall or may be or remaine upon the said Register for the Twelve pence in the Pound (if any such shall be) shall be payable and paid in course out of the Moneys ariseing by the said Act for the Grant of the said Twelve pence in the Pound in such order and manner as if the transferred Loanes or Orders had never beene Registred thereupon Any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Officers of the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer shall and may receive and take for their Fees Three farthings in the Pound and noe more for all or any the Sume or Summes of Money to be Issued or Paid to any Their Majestyes Garrisons or other Land Forces out of the Money ariseing by this present Act.

Provided alwayes and bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Goods and Merchandize which on or before the Three and twentyeth day of October One thousand six hundred eighty nine were on Board any English Shipp or Vessell Outward bound in the River of Thames or any other Port in Their Majestyes Dominions haveing paid their Customes and shall be detained for w ant of Convoyes untill the Tenth day of March next ensueing shall be exempted out of this Tax.

Provided That noe poore Person shall be charged with or lyable to the Pound Rate Imposed by this Act upon Lands Tenements or Hereditaments whose Lands Tenements or Hereditaments are not of the yearely Value of Twenty shillings in the whole.

Provided alwayes That the Right Honourable the Master of the Rolls the Masters of Chaunccry Six Clerks Clerkes of the Petty Bagg Examiners Registers Clerks of the Enrollment Clerkes of the Affidavits and Subpena Office and all others the Officers of the Court of Chauncery that Execute their Offices within the Liberty of the Rolls shall be there Assessed for their respective Offices and not elsewhere.

And to the intent that the Summe of Foure hundred thousand pounds part of the Moneys to be raised by

vertue of this Act may be certainly applyed to the speedy Payment of Seamen in Their Majestyes Navy Royall and to the Paying for necessary Stores Provisions and Victualls supplyed and to be supplyed for Their Majestyes Navy Royall Bee it Enacted That out of the First Money which shall be Leavyed and Paid by vertue of this Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loane as otherwise (Except the Allowances herein made to the respective Collectors Clerks Receivers Generali and Officers of the Exchequer and what shall be Issued thence for the Repayments of Loanes made betweene the Eleaventh day of November One thousand six hundred eighty and nine and the Twenty first day of December One thousand six hundred eightic and nine upon the Credit of an Act made in the late Session of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for a Grant of Twelve pence in the Pound for One Yeare for the necessary Defence of Their Realms and which shall be Transferred to the Register appointed to be kept by this present Act in such manner as is herein before appointed) the Summe of Foure hundred thousand pounds shall be applyed and appropriated [and is hereby appropriated1] to and for the speedy Payment of Seamen in Their Majestyes Navy Royall and to and for the Paying for necessary Scores

Provisions and Victualls supplyed and to be supplyed for Their Majestyes Navy Royall (That is to say) Two

hundred thousand pounds part thereof for the speedy Payment of Seamen One hundred thousand pounds part

interlined on the Record.

141

thereof for the Paying for Victualls supplyed and to be supplyed for the said Navy And One hundred thousand

pounds the residue thereof for and towards the Paying for other necessary Provisions and Stores supplyed and to

be supplyed for the said Navy Royall and for the Wages of the Yards

And for the more effectual 1 doeing thereof and that the said Summe of Foure hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated to the Uses aforesaid may not be diverted or applyed to any other Purpose and alsoe to the

Intent that all the Moneys given by this Act may be duly paid into Their Majestyes Exchequer. Bee it further

Enacted That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keepe in his hands any part of the Money by him Collected for any longer time then is by this Act dire<5ted (other then the Allowance made unto him by this Act) or shall pay any part thereof to any Person or persons other then the Head-Collector or Receiver Generali of such County or Place or his respective Deputie That every such Collector shall forfeit for every such Offence the Summe of Five pounds And in case any Head Collector shall keepe in his hands any part of the Money

paid to him by any Collector by vertue of this Act for any longer time then is by this Act directed (other then

the Allowance made to him by this Act) or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons other then the Receiver Generali of such County or Place or his Deputy every' such Head Collector shall .forfeite for every such Offence the Summe of Twenty Pounds And in case any Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any part of the Moneys paid to him or them by any Collector or Head Collector by vertue of this Act to any person or persons whatsoever (other then the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer and that or within the respective times Limitted by this Act) or in case such Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any part of the said Moneys by any Warrant of the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or upon any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation or other Way or Device

whatsoever whereby to divert or hinder the ACtuall Payment thereof into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid

That then such Receiver Generali shall for every such Offence of himselfe or his Deputy forfeit the Summe of Five hundred pounds to him or them that shall Sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law is to be allowed.

And it is hereby further Enacied That the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them doc not direct any Warrant to any of the said Collectors Head Collectors or Receivers Generali or their Deputies for the payment of any part of the Moneys hereby given to any person or persons other then into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid nor shall they or any of them dircCt any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the Strikeing of any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation nor doe any other Matter or Thing whereby to divert the actuall payment of the said Moneys into the Receipt of the Exchequer Nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer Strike or Direct or Record the Strikeing of any Talley of Pro or Talley of Anticipation upon any of the said Moneys upon any Account or Warrant whatsoever Nor shall any Teller throw downe any Bill whereby to charge himselfe wiffi any of the said Moneys until he shall have actually Received the same

And it is hereby further Enacted That the Officers of the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer shall keepe the said Summe of Foure hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated and the Account thereof distinCt from all other Moneys and Accounts whatsoever And that the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being doe not Signe any Warrant or Order or doe any other matter or thing for the Issueing of any part of the said Summe of Foure hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated as aforesaid to any Person or Persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy for the time being and Expressing therein That the same is for the Payment of Seamen and for the Paying for the ViClualls Provisions and Stores Supplyed and to be Supplyed for the Navy respectively as aforesaid Nor shall the Auditor of the Receipt draw any Order for the Issueing any part of the said Summe of Foure hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated to any Person or Persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy as aforesaid Nor shall he dircCt or the Clerke of the Pells Record or any Feller make Payment of any of the said Moneys by vertue of any Warrant or upon any Order or other Way or Device whatsoever other then to the Persons and for the Uses aforesaid and to be soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant or Order.

And it is hereby further F.naCled That the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being shall keepe the said Summe of Foure hundred thousand pounds appropriated as aforesaid by vertue of this Act as the same shall be paid in to him disdnCl and apart from all other Moneys and shall Issue and Pay the same by Warrant of the Principal I Officers and Commissioners of the Navy or any Three or more of them and mentioning and expressing That the same is for the Respective Uses for which the same is appropriated as aforesaid and for noe other Use Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

And it is hereby further Enacted That the Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy or any of them shall not Signe any Warrant or Navy-Bill or doe any other Act or Thing for the Issuing and Paying any part of the said Summe of Foure hundred thousand pounds soe appropriated by this Act to any Use Intent or Purpose whatsoever other then for the respective Uses for which the same is appropriated as aforesaid and to be soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant or Navy-Bill.

And it is further Enacted That if any of the Officers which are appointed by this Act to Receive the said Summe of Foure hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated or any part thereof shall after the Receipt of the said Money divert or misapply the same or any pan thereof by vertue of any Warrant from the Commissioners of the

XLVI.

Collectorg of Parishes, Scc. keeping Monies collected in their Hands unduly, or unduly paying away the same;

Penalty £$.

Head Collectors in like Manner offending

Penalty

Receiver General or Deputy unduly paying Monies received under this Act;

Penalty iC^OO.

XLVII.

Treasury not to direct any Warrant to Collectors or Receivers General for Payment of Monies hereby given, to any Person, other than into Receipt of Exchequer ; nor dircCt any Warrant for striking of any Tally of Pro, or Tally of Anticipation.

Teller not to throw down any Bill, &c. till he shall have received Money.

XLVIII. Regulations as to Officers of Exchequer keeping distinCt the Accounts respecting the said Sum of ^400,000, and as to Treasury signing Warrants, &c. for issuing any Part of the said Sum.

Auditor of Receipt not to draw Order for issuing any Part of the said Sum to any other than Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy ; nor dircCt, nor Clerk of the Pells or Teller make. Payment of such Money otherwise than as mentioned in the Warrant.

XLIX.

Treasurer of Navy to keep such *£400,000 distinCt from other Monies, and issue and pay the same by Warrant of Principal Officers, &c. of the Navy.

L.

Commissioners, See. of the Navy not to issue Warrant or Navy Bill for any other Purpose than as Money is appropriated, and the Uses to be expressed in such Warrant or Navy Bill.

LI.

Officers appointed

to receive, misapplying the said ,^'400,000, or any Part;

O o

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1, 2.

A.D. 1688.

Penalty.

LII.

The like Offence by any Officer of tnc Exchequer or Navy;

Penalty.

LIU.

No Stay of Prosecution admitted in any Suit for Recovery of Penalties.

LTV.

Commissioners appointed to execute Ail, to examine upon Oath and receive the Assessments made in pursuance of Act Secs. i. c. 20. and if they find any Person assessed at a lower Rate than directed by the said Ail, to cause such Deficiency to be raised.

LV.

An Account to be rendered to the Commons of Monies raised under this Act.

Treasury or from the Lord Treasurer or other Superior Officers for the time being contrary to the true intent of this Act That then such Officer or Officers soe diverting or misapplying the said Money shall Forfeite the like Summe soe diverted or misapplyed Which said Forfeiture shall be Recovered by Atfion of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Their Majestyes Courts of Records at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed the one Moyety of which Forfeiture soe to be Recovered shall be to the Informer or him who shall Sue for the same the other Moyety thereof to be distributed to the Poore of the Parish where such Offence .shall be committed.

And bee it further Enacted That if any [Officer1] or Officers mentioned in this'Act or in any wise belonging to the Exchequer or Navy shall willingly and wilfully offend against this Law or any Clause thereof by diverting or misapplying any part of the said Summe of Foure hundred thousand Pounds appropriated as aforesaid contrary to the true intent of this Act that for any and every such Offence such Officer and Officers soe Offending shall forfeite his Office and Place and is and are hereby disabled and made uncapeable to Hold or Execute the said Office or any other Office whatsoever for the future.

Provided alsoe and bee it Enacted That noe Stay of Prosecution upon any Command Warrant Motion or Order or Direction by Non vult ulterius Prosequi shall be Had Made Admitted Received or Allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suite or Proceeding by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information or otherwise for the Recovery of all or any the Paines Penalties or Forfeitures upon any person or persons by this Act inflicted or therein mentioned or for or in Order to the Conviction or Disability of any person Offending against this Act.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That the Commissioners appointed to putt this Act in Execution shall and are hereby impowered and required within their respective Counties Divisions Cityes and Places to Examine upon Oath and [Receive1] the severall Assessments of each Parish and Place made in pursuance of the late Ad Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of Twelve pence in the Pound for One Yeare for the necessary Defence of Their Realms And where they shall finde any Person or Place Assessed at a lower Rate or lesser Summe then was directed by the said Act to cause the Summe so ommitted to be raised and paid to Their Majestyes in such manner and by such wayes and Meanes and under such Paines and Penalties as are herein before Provided and Directed for the Assessing and Levying the Summes chargeable by this present Act.

And it is hereby further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That an Accompt shall be given and made unto the Commons in Parlyament Assembled of and for all and every Summe and Summes of Money whatsoever that shall be Collected Levyed and Paid to the Use of Their Majestyes by Vertue of this present Act of Parlyament.

Prt. Pari. pt. 3. nu. 1.

The Heads of Declaration of Lords and Commons, recited.

Dispensing and Suspending Power.

Committing

Prelates.

Ecclesiastical

Commission.

Levying Money.

Standing Army.

Disarming Protestants, &c.

Violating

Elc&ions.

Illegal

Prosecutions.

Juries.

CHAPTER II.

An Act declareing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject and Setleing the Succession of the Crowne.

XX WHEREAS the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons assembled at Westminster lawfully fully and V T freely representing all the Estates of the People of this Realme did upon the thirteenth day of February in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty eight present unto their Majesties then called and known by the Names and Stile of William and Mary Prince and Princesse of Orange being present in their proper Persons a certaine Declaration in Writeing made by the said Lords and Comons in the Words following viz

\\7 HERE AS the late King James the Second by the Assistance of diverse evill Councellors Judges and Ministers imployed by him did endeavour to subvert and extirpate the Protestant Religion and the Lawes and Liberties of this Kingdomc

By Assumeing and Exerciseing a Power of Dispensing with and Suspending of Lawes and the Execution of Lawes without Consent of Parlyament.

By Committing and Prosecuting diverse Worthy Prelates for humbly Petitioning to be excused from Concurring to the said Assumed Power.

By issueing and causeing to be executed a Commission under the Great Seale for Erecting a Court called The Court of Commissioners for Ecclesiastical 1 Causes.

By Levying Money for and to the Use of the Crowne by ptence of Prerogative for other time and in other manner then the same was granted by Parlyament.

By raising and keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdome in time of Peace without Consent of Parlyament and Quartering Soldiers contrary to Law.

By causing severall good Subjects being Protestants to be disarmed at the same time when Papists were both Armed and Imployed contrary to Law.

By Violating the Freedome of Election of Members to serve in Parlyament.

By Prosecutions in the Court of Kings Bench for Matters and Causes cognizable onely in Parlyament and by diverse other Arbitrary and lllegall Courses.

And whereas of late yeares Partiall Corrupt and Unqualifyed Persons have beene returned and served on Juryes in Tryalls and particularly diverse Jurors in Tryalls for High Treason which were not Freeholders,

1 Office 0.

,J reveiwe 0.

J.IU688.

]° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 2.

143

And excessive Baile hath beene required of Persons committed in Criminall Cases to elude the Bencfitt of the Lawes made for the Liberty of the Subjects.

And excessive Fines have beene imposed.

And illegall and cruell Punishments inflicted.

And several 1 Grants and Promises made of Fines and Forfeitures before any Conviction or Judgement against the Persons upon whome the same were to be levyed.

Excessive Bail. Fines.

Punishments.

Grantsof Fines,&c. before Conviction,

& c.

All which are utterly and directly contrary to the knownc Lawes and Statutes and Frcedome of this Realme.

And whereas the said late King James the Second haveing Abdicated the Government and the Throne being thereby Vacant His [Hignexse1] the Prince of Orange (whome it hath pleased Almighty God to make the glorious Instrument of Delivering this Kingdome from Popery and Arbitrary Power) did (by the Advice of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal! and diverse principall Persons of the Commons) cause Letters to be written to the Lords Spirituall and Temporall being Protestants and other Letters to the severall Countyes Cityes Universities Burroughs and Cinque Ports for the Choosing of such Persons to represent them as were of right to be sent to Parlyament to meete and sitt at Westminster upon the two and twentyeth day of January in this Yeare one thousand six hundred eighty and eight in order to such an Establishment as that their Religion Lawes and Liberties might not againe be in danger of being Subverted, Upon which Letters Elections haveing beene accordingly made.

Recital that the late King James II. h;u! abdicated the Government, and that the Throne was vacant, and that the Prince of Orange had written Letters to the Lords and Commons for the choosing Representatives

And thereupon the said Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons pursuant to their respective Letters and Electiftns being now assembled in a full and free Representative of this Nation takeing into their most serious Consideration the best meanes for attaining the Ends aforesaid Doe in the first place (as their Auncestors in like The Subject's Case have usually done) for the Vindicating and Asserting their auntient Rights and Liberties, Declare

That the pretended Power of Suspending of Laws or the Execution of Laws by Regall Authority without Dispensing Power. Consent of Parlyament is illegall.

That the pretended Power of Dispensing with Laws or the Execution of Laws by Regall Authoritie as it hath Late dispensing beene assumed and exercised of late is illegall. Power.

That the Commission for erecting the late Court of Commissioners for Ecclesiasticall Causes and all other Commissions Ecclesiastical and Courts of like nature are Illegall and Pernicious. Courts dlegal.

That levying Money for or to the Use of the C.rowne by ptence of Prerogative without Grant of Parlyament Levying Money, for longer time or in other manner then the same is or shall be granted is Illegall.

That it is the Right of the Subjects to petition the King and all Commitments and Prosecutions for such Right to petition.

Petitioning are Illegall.

That the raising or keeping a standing Army within the Kingdome in time of Peace unlesse it be with Consent Standing Army, of Parlyament is against Law.

'That the Subjects which are Protestants may have Arms for their Defence suitable to their Conditions and as Subjects' Arms, allowed by Law.

That F.le&ion of Members of Parlyament ought to be free. Freedom of

That the Freedome of Speech and Debates or Proceedings in Parlyament ought not to be impeached or questioned Freedom of Speech,

in any Court or Place out of Parlyament.

That excessive Baile ought not to be required nor excessive Fines imposed nor cruell and unusuall Punishments Excessive Bail, inflicted.

That Jurors ought to be duely impannelled and returned and Jurors which passe upon Men in Triads for High Juries.

Treason ought to be Freeholders.

That all Grants and Promises of Fines and Forfeitures of particular persons before Conviction are illegall p^friturcs and void.

And that for Redresse of all Grievances and for the amending strengthening and preserveing of the Lawes Fwjucnt Parlyaments ought to be held frequently.

And they doe Claime Demand and Insist upon all and singular the Premises as their undoubted Rights and The said Rights Liberties and that noe Declarations Judgements Doeings or Proceedings to the Prejudice of the People in any of cla,mc<1-the said Premisses ought in any wise to be drawne hereafter into Consequence or Example. To which Demand of their Rights they are particularly encouraged by the Declaration of his Ilighnesse the Prince of Orange as being the onely meanes for obtaining a full Redresse and Remedy therein. Haveing therefore an intire Confidence That his said Ilighnesse the Prince of Orange will perfect the Deliverance soe farr advanced by him and will still preserve them from the Violation of their Rights w'hich they have here asserted and from all other Attempts upon their Religion Rights and Liberties. The said Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons assembled at Westminster Tender of the doe Resolve That William and Mary Prince and Princesse of Orange be and be declared King and Queene of England France and Ireland and the Dominions thereunto belonging to hold the Crowne and Royall Dignity of the said Kingdomes and Dominions to them the said Prince and Princesse dureing their Lives and the Life of the Survivour of them And that the sole and full Exercise of the Regall Power be onely in and executed by Regal Power the said Prince of Orange in the Names of the said Prince and Princesse dureing their joynt Lives And after exerc,set!-their Deceases the said Crowme and Royall Dignitie of the said Kingdoms and Dominions to be to the lieires of the Body of the said Princesse And for default of such Issue to the Princesse Anne of Denmarkc and the Heires of her Body And for default of such Issue to the Lieires of the Body of the said Prince of Orange. And the Lords Limitation of the Spirituall and Temporall and Commons doe pray the said Prince and (*) Princesse to accept the same accordingly.

1 Highnesse O.

a and O.

1° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 2.

A.I).1688.

New Oaths of Allegiance, See.

Allegiance.

Supremacy.

Acceptance of the Crown.

The Two Houses to sit.

Subjects* Liberties to be allowed,

and Ministers hereafter to serve according to the same.

William and Mary declared King and Queen.

Limitation of the Crown.

Papists debarred the Crown.

Every King, &c. shall make the Declaration of jo Car. II.

And that the Oathes hereafter mentioned be taken by all Persons of whome the Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy might be required by Law instead of them And that the said Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy be abrogated.

JAB doe sincerely promise and sweare That I will be faithfull and beare true Allegiance to their Majestyes King

William and Queene Mary _ Soe helpe me God.

[ A B doe sweare That I doe from my Heart Abhorr, Detest and Abjure as Impious and Hereticall this damnable

Doctrine and Position That Princes Excommunicated or Deprived by the Pope or any Authority of the See of Rome may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects or any other whatsoever. And I doe declare That noe Forreigne Prince Person Prelate, State or Potentate hath or ought to have any Jurisdiction Power Superiority Preeminence or Authoritie Ecclesiastical I or Spirituall within this Realme Soe helpe me God.

Upon which their said Majestyes did accept the Crowne and Royall Dignitie of the Kingdoms of England

France and Ireland and die Dominions thereunto belonging according to the Resolution and Desire of the said Lords and Commons contained in the said Declaration. And thereupon their Majestyes were pleased That the said Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons being the two Houses of Parlyament should continue to sitt and with their Majesties Royall Concurrence make efl'cCtuall Provision for the Setlement of the Religion Lawes and Liberties of this Kingdome soe that the same for the future might not be in danger againe of being subverted, To which the said Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons did agree and proceede to act accordingly. Now in pursuance of the Premisses the said Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said Declaration and the Articles Clauses Matters and Things therein contained by the Force of a Law made in due Forme by Authority of Parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted That all and singular the Rights and Liberties asserted and claimed in the said Declaration are the true auntient and indubitable Rights and Liberties of the People of this Kingdome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged deemed and taken to be and that all and every the particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly holden and observed as they are expressed in the said Declaration And all Officers and Ministers whatsoever shall serve their Majestyes and their Successors according to the same in all times to come. And the said Lords

Spirituall and Temporall and Commons seriously considering how it hath pleased Almighty God in his marvellous

Providence and mercifull Goodness to this Nation to provide and preserve their said Majestyes Royall Persons most happily to Raigne over us upon the Throne of their Auncestors for which they render unto him from the bottome of their Hearts their humblest Thanks and Praises doe truely firmely assuredly and in the Sincerity of their Hearts thinke and doe hereby recognize acknowledge and declare That King James the Second haveing abdicated the Government and their Majestyes haveing accepted the Crowne and Royall Dignity [as '] aforesaid Their said Majestyes did become were are and of right ought to be by the Lawes of this Realme our Soveraigne Liege Lord and Lady King and Queene of England France and Ireland and the Dominions thereunto belonging in and to whose Princely Persons the Royall State Crowne and Dignity of the said Realmcs with all Honours Stiles Titles Regalities Prerogatives Powers Jurisdictions and Authorities to the same belonging and appertaining are most fully rightfully and intirely invested and incorporated united and annexed And for preventing all Questions and Divisions in this Realme by reason of any pretended Titles to the Crowne and for preserveing a Certainty in the Succession thereof in and upon which the Unity Peace Tranquillity and Safety of this Nation doth under God wholly consist and depend The said I^ords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons doe beseech their Majestyes That it may be enacted established and declared That the Crowne and Regall Government of the said Kingdoms and Dominions with all and singular the Premisses thereunto belonging and appertaining shall bee and continue to their said Majestyes and the Survivour of them dureing their Lives and the Life of the Survivour of them And that the entire perfect and full Exercise of the Regall Power and Government be onely in and executed by his Majestie in the Names of both their Majestyes dureing their joynt Lives And after their deceases the said Crowne and Premisses shall be and remaine to the Heires of the Body ot her Majestie and for default of such Issue to her Royall Iiighncsse the Princess Anne of Denmarke and the Heires of her Body and for default of such Issue to the Heires of the Body of his said Majestie And thereunto the said Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons doc in the Name of all the People aforesaid most humbly and faithfully submitt themselves their Heires and

Posterities for ever and doe faithfully promise That they will stand to maintaine and defend their said Majesties

and alsoe the Limitation and Succession of the Crowne herein specified and contained to the utmost of their Powers with their Lives and Estates against all Persons whatsoever that shall attempt any thing to the contrary. And whereas it hath beene found by Experience that it is inconsistent with the Safety and Welfaire of this Protestant Kingdome to be governed by a Popish Prince or by any King or Queene marrying a Papist the said Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons doe further pray that it may be enacted That all and every person and persons that is are or shall be reconciled to or shall hold Communion with the See or Church of Rome or shall professe the Popish Religion or shall marry a Papist shall be excluded and be for ever uncapeable to

inherit possesse or enjoy the Crowne and Government of this Realme and Ireland and the Dominions thereunto

belonging or any part of the same or to have use or exercise any Regall Power Authoritie or Jurisdiction within the same [And in all and every such Case or Cases the People of these Realmes shall be and are hereby absolved of their Allegiance1] And the said Crowne and Government shall from time to time descend to and be enjoyed by such person or persons being Protestants as should have inherited and enjoyed the same in case the said person or persons soe reconciled holding Communion or Professing or Marrying as aforesaid were naturally dead [And that every King and Queene of this Realme who at any time hereafter shall come to and succeede in the Imperiall Crowne of this Kingdome shall on the first day of the meeting of the first Parlyament next after his or her

‘ interlined on the Roll.

• annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

145

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar.

c. % 3.

comeing to the Crowne sitting in his or her Throne in the House of Peercs in the presence of the Lords and

Commons therein assembled or at his or her Coronation before such person or persons who shall administer the

Coronation Oath to him or her at the time of his or her takeing the said Oath (which shall first happen) make

subscribe and audibly repeate the Declaration mentioned in the Statute made in the thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne

of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the more effectuall Preserveing the Kings Person and Government

by disableing Papists from sitting in either House of Parlyament But if it shall happen that such King or Queene If under 12 Years

upon his or her Succession to the Crowne of this Realme shall be under the Age of twelve yeares then every Auahimenul^of

such King or Queene shall make subscribe and audibly repeate the said Declaration at his or her Coronation or the

first day of the meeting of the first Parlyament as aforesaid which shall first happen after such King or Queene

shall have attained the said Age of twelve yeares.'] All which Their Majestyes are contented and pleased King's and Queen's

shall be declared enacted and established by authoritie of this present Parliament and shall stand remaine and be " stI

the Law of this Realme for ever And the same are by their said Majesties by and with the advice and consent

of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same

declared enacted and established accordingly

And bee it further declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after this present Session

of Parlyament noe Dispensation by Non obstante of or to any Statute or any part thereof shall be allowed but that

the same shall be held void and of noe effect Except a Dispensation be allowed of in such Statute [and except

in such Cases as shall be specially provided for by one or more Bill or Bills to be passed dureing this present

Session of Parliament.']

11.

Non obstantes made void.

Exception.

Provided that noe Charter or Grant or Pardon granted before the three and twentyeth Day of October in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty nine shall be any wayes impeached or invalidated by this Act but that the same shall be and remaine of the same force and effect in Law and noe other then as if this AS had never beene made.

III.

Proviso for Charters, Pardons, Sec. granted before 23d October.

C. H A P T E R III.

An Act for preventing all Doubts and Questions concerning the Collecting the Publique Revenue

FOR the preventing all Disputes and Questions concerning the Cohering Levying and Answering the Publique Revenue due and payable in the Raignes of the late Kings Charles the Second and James the Second whilst the better Setleing the same is under the Consideration of this present Parlyament Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by Authoritie of the same That the Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of Money payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported and the severall Impositions Duties and Charges upon Liquors Manufactures and other things And all and singular the Revenue and Revenues whatsoever (Except the Duties ariseing by Fire Hearths and Stoves other then such as were incurred at or before the Five and twentieth Day of March One thousand six hundred eighty nine) Given, Granted and Payable to or Lawfully Enjoyed by the said late Kings or either of Them which Remained and had Continuance on the Fifth Day of November One thousand six hundred eighty eight And all Arreares of the same shall be Raised I.evyed Collected Answered and Paid to Their Majestyes untill the Twenty fifth day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety in the same manner and forme according to such Rates and Orders and by such Rules Meanes and Wayes and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned expressed and appointed in the Statutes made in the Raignes of the said late Kings or either of them concerning the same respectively and as by Law the same might or ought to have beene dureing the said Raignes.

And that all and singular Acts of Parlyament made dureing the Reigns of either [of*] the said late Kings for the Granting Setleing Raising Levying Collecting Answering and Paying the same or for {^venting Fraudcs or Concealments or regulateing Abuses therein or for the better Ordering or Recovering the same And all Powers Provisions Penalties Articles Clauses and things contained in the said Acts or any of them be and are hereby Continued and Confirmed and shall stand and be in force and be Applyed Practiced Executed and putt in Ure for the Raising Levying Collecting Paying and Answering the said Subsidie Summes of Money Impositions Duties and Revenues to Their Majestyes according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act And alsoe that an Order of the Commons in Parlyament Assembled made in pursuance of the Rules and Orders annexed to the Act of

Parlyament made in the Twelfth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles the Second Entituled A Subsidie

Granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of Money payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported for Setleing of Officers Fees Dated the Seventeenth day of May One thousand six hundred sixty two and Signed by Sir Edward Turner then Speaker shall be of full Force and Effect untill the said Five and

twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety as if the same were particularly and at large

recited in this Act.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed in any way to extend to the Confirming or Invalidating certaine Letters Patents bearing Date the Twentyeth day of February in the Second Yeare of the Raigne of the late King James the Second and Granted by the [said*] late

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 2.

Arrears of Subsidy and Duties, (Exception) to be collected and paid until 25th Dec. 1690, as herein mentioned.

‘ annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1 interlined on the Roll.

II.

Former Acts for collecting, &c. the Public Revenue, to be in force until the said 25th Dec. 1690;

and also an Order of the Commons made in pursuance of the Rules and Orders annexed to Stat. 12 Car. II. c.4.

Hi.

Proviso for Letters Patent of the 20th Feb. 2 Jac. II. to Trustees for the Prince and Princess Anne of Denmark.

Pp

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.3, 4.

A.D. 1688.

IV.

Continuance of

this a a.

Ret. Pari. pt. 3. r.u. 3.

Raising or keeping a Standing Army in Peace, without Consent of Parliament, against Law.

Reasons for passing this Att.

Officer or Soldier mutinying, or exciting Mutiny, or deserting;

Punishment.

II.

Power to assemble Courts Martial.

III.

Number of Officers composing Courts Martial.

IV.

Field Officers to be tried only by Field Officers. Court may examine on Oath.

V.

Proviso for ordinary Process.

VL

Proviso for Militia.

VH.

Continuance of A £1.

VIII.

On Trial of Offences punishable with Death,

Members to take an Oath.

Form.

King Jame the Second to the Right Honourable Henry Earle of Clarendon Lawrence Earle of Rochester and others in Trust for their Royall Hignesses the Prince and Princesse Anne of Denmarkc containing a Grant of the yearely Sunime of Thirty thousand pounds issueing out of certaine Revenues therein mentioned But that the same shall be continue and remaine in as full Force and in the same State and Condition as they were before the makeing of this Att and noe other Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and bee it Enabled by the Authoritye aforesaid That this Act shall continue in Force from the Fower and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred eighty nine for One whole Yeare and noe longer.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall Mutiny or Desert Their Majestyes Service and for punishing

False Musters.

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdome in time of Peace unlesse it be with Consent of Parlyament is against Law And whereas it is judged necessary by Their Majestyes and this present Parlyament That dureing this time of Warr severall of the Forces which are now on foote should be continued and others raised for the Safety of the Kingdome for the Common Defence of the Protestant Religion and for the Reduceing of Ireland And whereas noe man may be forejudged of Life or Limb or subjected to any kinde of Punishment by Martiall Law or in any other manner then by the Judgement of his

Peeres and according to the knowne and established Lawes of this Realme Yet neverthelesse it being requisite

for retaining such Forces as are or shall be Raised dureing this Exigence of Affaires in their Duty That an exact Discipline be observed and that Soldiers who shall Mutiny or Stirr up Sedition or shall Desert Their Majesties Service be brought to a more Exemplary and speedy Punishment then the usuall Formes of Law will allow Bee it therefore Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by Authoritie of

the same That from and after the Twentyeth day of December in the Yeare of Our Lord One thousand six

hundred eighty nine every Person being in Their Majestyes Service in the Army and being Mustered and in

Pay as an Officer or Soldier who shall at any time before the Twentyeth day of December in the Yeare of our

Lord One thousand six hundred and ninetie Excite Cause or Joyne in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Army or

shall Desert Their Majestyes Service in the Army or being a Soldier actually Listed in any Regiment Troope

or Company shall List liimselfe into any other Regiment Troope or Company without a Discharge produced in Writeing from the Captaine of the Troope or Company wherein he is first Listed shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court Martiall shall be Inflicted

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That Their Majestyes or the Generali of Their Army for the time being may by Vertue of this Act have full Power and Authoritie to grant Commissions to any Licftenants Generali or other Officers not under the Degree of a Field Officer or Comander in Chiefe of a Garrison from time to time to Call and Assemble Court Martialls for punishing such Offences as aforesaid

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That noe Court Martiall which shall have Power to Inflict any Punishment by Vertue of this Act for the Offences aforesaid shall consist of fewer then Thirteene whereof none to be under the Degree of a Coniission Officer and the President of such Court Martiall not to be under the Degree of a Field Officer or the then Commander in Chiefe of the Garrison where the Offender shall be Tryed.

Provided alwayes That noe Field Officer be Tryed by other then Field Officers and that such Court Martiall shall have Power and Authoritie to Administer an Oath to any Witnesse in order to the Examination or Tryall of

the Offences aforesaid.

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to exempt any Officer or Soldier whatsoever from the ordinary Processe of Law

Provided alwayes That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be any wayes construed to extend to concerne any the Militia Forces of this Kingdome.

Provided alsoe That this Act shall continue and be in Force until the said Twentyeth day of December in the said Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety and noe longer.

Provided ahvayes and bee it Enacted That in all Tryalls of Offenders by Courts Martiall to be held by vertue of this Act where the Offence may be punished by Death every Officer present at such Tryall before any Proceeding be had thereupon shall take an Oath upon the Evangelists before the Court and the next Justice of the Peace Judge Advocate or his Deputy or one of them are hereby respectively Authorized to Administer the same in these Words That is to say

yOU shall Well and Trudy Try and Determine according to your Evidence the Matter now before you betweene our Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queens Majestyes and the Prisoner to be Tryed

Soe helpe you God.

1° Gul. 6c Mar. Sess. 2. c.4.

147

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such Case by any Court Martiall unlesse Nine of Thirtecne Officers present shall concurr therein and if there be a greater number of Officers present then the Judgement shall passe by the Concurrence of the greater part of them soe Swome which major part shall not be Iesse then Nine and not otherwise and noe Proceedings Tryall or Sentence of Death shall be had or given against any Offender but betweene the houres of Eight in the Morning and One in the Afternoone

And for the preventing of Fraud and Deceit in Mustering of Soldiers Bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie

aforesaid That if any Person shall make or give or procure to be made or given any false or untrue Certificate

whereby to Excuse any [Soldiers'] for their Absence from any Muster or other Service which they ought to attend or performe upon a pretence of Sicknesse or other Cause That then every such Person soe makeing giveing or procureing such Certificate shall forfeite for every such Offence the Summe of Fifty Pounds and shall be forthwith Cashiered and Displaced from such his Office and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Imployment within this Kingdome or in Their Majestyes Service

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse and every Commissary Muster Master and other Officer that shall wittingly or knowingly Allow or Signe the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained or any Duplicate thereof upon Proofe thereof upon Oath made by two Witnesses before a Court Martiall to be thereupon called (which is hereby

Authorized and Required to Administer such Oath) shall for such their Offence be forthwith Cashiered and

Displaced from such their Office and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Imployment within this Kingdome or in Their Majestyes Service and shall likewise forfeit the Summe of Fifty pounds

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Commissary or Muster Master upon any Muster to be made had or taken by him or them shall by a convenient dine before such Muster made give notice to the Mayor or other Chiefe Magistrate or Officer of the Place where the Soldiers soe to be Mustered shall be Quartered who are hereby Required to be present at every such Muster and give his utmost Assistance

for the discovering any false or untrue Muster there made or offered to be made And that every such Commissary

or Muster master makeing or takeing such Muster that shall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid or shall refuse to take the Aid and Assistance of such Mayor Chiefe Magistrate or Officer where the Soldiers soe to be Mustered shall be Quartered shall forfeit the Summe of Fifty pounds and be Discharged from his Office

And alsoe be it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Person shall be falsely Mustered or offer himselfe falsely and deceitfully to be Mustered every such Person if noe Soldier upon Proofe thereof made upon Oath by two Witnesses before the next Justice of Peace of the County where such Muster shall be made and every such Person soe falsly Mustered or offering to be falsely Mustered upon Certificate thereof in Writeing under the Hand of the Officer Commanding in Chiefe at the Muster or of the Commissary of the Musters or any other Person made to such Justice of the Peace the said Justice is thereupon and is hereby Authorized and

Required to Cominitt such Offender to the House of Correction there to remaine for the space of Three months

and to be kept at hard Labour with convenient Correction And if any Person shall wittingly or willingly lend

or furnish a Horse to be Mustered which shall not truely belong to the Trooper or Troope soe Mustered the said

Horse soe falsely Mustered shall be forfeited to the Informer if the same doth belong to the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse or otherwise the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse shall forfeite the Summe of Twenty pounds upon Oath made by two Witnesses before the next Justice of the Peace or be Committed to the House of Correction for Six months unlesse he shall pay the same there to be kept at hard Labour

And bee it alsoe further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Forfeitures shall be to such Person or Persons that shall Informe immediately to be paid out of the Arreares of such Officers Pay as shall soe offend upon Conviction before the Court Martiall by Order of the said Court to the Paymaster if such Officer soe offending shall have an Arreare and if there shall be noe Arreare the Court Martiall shall immediately give Order

to seize the Goods of such Officer soe offending and sell them for payment of such Forfeiture to the Informer

rendering the overplus to the Owner And the said Court Martiall is hereby obliged to Discharge such Informer

if a Soldier from any further Service if he shall demand the same

And bee it further enabled That if any Paymaster Agent or Clerke of any Regiment Troope or Company shall Detaine or Withhold by the space of One Month the Pay of any Officer or Soldier (Cloathes and all other just Allowances being Deduced) after such Pay shall be by him or them Received or it any Officer haveing Received their Soldiers Pay shall refuse to pay each respective Common Soldier their respective Pay when it shall become due that upon proofe thereof before a Court Martiall as aforesaid every such Paymaster Agent Clerke and Officer soe offending shall be discharged from his Imployment and shall forfeit to the Informer upon Conviction before the said Court Martiall One hundred pounds to be raised as aforesaid and the Informer if a Soldier if he Demands it shall be and is hereby Discharged of any further Service Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

[And it is hereby Enacted and Declared That the Commanding Officer of every Troope or Company at the

time of Muster shall bring in a Certificate Signed of the Names of such Persons as are Sicke or have leave to be

Absent upon Furlows and of such Persons as are Dead or Deserted since the last Muster with the Dayes of

What Number of Members to be present when Sentence of Death pronounced. Hours of Proceedings in such Case.

IX.

Giving false Certificates for Absence of Soldiers.

Penalty ^£$o and Punishment.

X.

Officer making false Muster, and Commissary allowing Mnster Roll;

upon Proof on Oath beforo Court Martial; Punishment, and Penalty

XI.

Commissary to give Notice before Muster to Mayor, &c. of Place where Soldiers quartered; and to assist in discovering false Musters.

Neglecting to give Notice, or refusing Aid of Mayor, &c.; Penalty ,-£yO and Punishment.

XII.

Offering to be falsely mustered;

committed to House of Correction.

Furnishing Horses to be mustered not belonging to the Troop;

Penalty.

XIII.

Penalties how paid and distributed.

Goods of Offender in what Case seized.

XIV. Paymaster, Agent, &c. of Regiment detaining Pay or Allowances;

Officer refusing to pay Soldier;

Punishment and Penalty .^100.

XV. Commanding Officer of Troop, &c. to bring at Muster Certificates of Absentees.

Soldier 0.

1° Gul. 6c Mar.

A.D. 1688.

Signing false Certificates ; Punishment.

XVI.

Officers mustering Servants, &c.;

Punishment.

xvn.

Petition of Right, 3 Car, I. recited. 31 Car. II. c. 1. recited.

Constables, &c. may billet Officers and Soldiers in Inns, &c.

Billetting in private Houses without Consent of Owner.

Remedy.

XVIII.

Officers and Soldiers billetted to pay reasonable Prices.

Prices of Provisions may be regulated at Quarter Sessions, for Officers and Soldiers on March.

Such Prices to be within Compass of Subsistence Money.

After first Night in Quarters, Owner of Inn, &c. to furnish Officers,

&c. with Lodgings, &c.

XIX.

their Deathes or Desertions and if such Certificate shall prove false upon Conviction thereof before a Court Mardall the Officer Signing such Certificate shall suffer such Penalties and in such manner as is Declared and Inflicted by this Art upon those that make False Musters

And it is hereby further Enarted That if any Officer shall Muster any Person that is a Servant or receives Wages from any Officer or that shall attend any Officer as a Servant in the absence of the said Officer from his Quarters or shall Muster any Person by a wrong Name knowingly upon Conviction thereof before a Court Martiall the said Officer or Commissary shall suffer such Penalties and in such manner as is Inflirted and Declared by this Act upon those that shall make false Musters.

And whereas by the Petition of Right in the Third Yeare of King Charles the First It is Enacted and Declared That the People of this Land are not by the Lawes to be Burthened with the Sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills And by a Clause in one Art of Parlyament made in the One and thirtyeth Yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second For Granting a Supply to his Majestie of Two hundred and six thousand foure hundred and sixty two Pounds seventeene shillings and three pence for Paying and Disbanding the horces It is Declared and Enarted That noe Officer Military or Civill nor any other Person whatsoever shall from thenceforth presume to Place Quarter or Billet any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitants of this Realme of any Degree Quality or Profession whatsoever without his Consent And that it shall and may be Lawfull for any such Subject and Inhabitant to refuse to Sojourne or Quarter any Soldier or Soldiers notwithstanding any Command, Order Warrant or Billeting whatsoever But forasmuch as at this present time there is a Rebellion in Ireland and a Warr against France whereby there is occasion for the Marching of many Regiments Troops and Companies in severall Parts of this Kingdome towards the Sea Coasts and otherwise Bee it further Enarted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for and dureing the Continuance of this Art and noe longer It shall and may be Lawfull for the Constables Tythingmen Headburroughs and other Chiefe Officers and Magistrates of Cities [Burroughes1] Townes and Villages and other Places in the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and for noe others to Quarter and Billet the Officers and Soldiers in Their Majesties Service in Inns Livery Stables Ale Houses Victualling Houses and all Houses selling Brandy Strong-Waters Syder or Metheglin by Retaile to be dranke in their Houses and noe other and in noe Private Houses whatsoever And if any Constable Tythingman or such like Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid shall presume to Quarter or Billet any such Officer or Soldier in any Private House without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier in such case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustaine thereby

Provided neverthelesse And it is hereby Enarted That the Officers and Soldiers soe Quartered and Billeted as aforesaid shall pay such reasonable Prices as shall be appointed from time to time by the Justices of the Peace in their Quarter Sessions of each County City (s) Division or Place within their respective Jurisdictions And the Justices of the Peace aforesaid are hereby Impowered and Required to Sett and Appoint in their Quarter Sessions aforesaid such reasonable Rates for all necessary Provisions for such Officers and Soldiers for One or more Nights in their Marching through their Cities Townes Villages and other Places and for the First Night onely in such Places as shall be appointed for their Residence or Quarters Provided That the said Price soe Sett by the said Justices be within the compasse of the Subsistence Money paid to the Soldiers which Subsistence Money is hereby declared to be for each Trooper Two shillings per die For each Dragoon One shilling and two pence per die And for each Foot Soldier Sixpence per die And after the said First Night in their Quarters the Owners and Occupiers of the Inns Alehouses and other Publique Houses [as'] aforesaid are hereby Required to furnish such Officers and Soldiers soe Quartered and Billetted as aforesaid with dry Lodgeings Stable roome for Horses and with Fire and Water and necessary Utensills to Dresse their Meate and not otherwise without the said Officers or Soldiers shall make a Contrart or Agrement for their Provisions with the said Owners or Occupiers

Provided alwayes and bee it Enarted That if any Officer or Soldier shall take any Money of any Person

Money for excusing for Excuseing the Quartering of Officers or Soldiers or any of them in any House allowed by this Art every Quartering, such Officer

or Soldier shall be Cashiered and made incapeable of Serveing in any Military Imployment

Punishment.

whatsoever

XX. Paymaster of the Army, Secretary at War, &c. not to take Fees, or deduct from Pay.

Exception.

XXI.

Act to be read at Muster.

And bee it further Enarted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the One and thirtyeth day of December next ensueing noe Paymaster of the Army Secretary of Warr Commissary or Muster Master or their under Officers shall receive any Fees or make any Dedurtions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Their Majestyes Army or from their Agents which shall grow due from and after the said One and thirtyeth day of December other then the usuall Dedurtions for ('loathing and the Twelve pence in the Pound to be disposed of as Their Majestyes shall think fitt and the One Dayes Pay in the Yeare for the Use of the Royal 1 Hospital 1 at Chelsey3]

And bee it further Enarted That this Art shall be Read at the Head of every respective Regiment Troope or Company at every respective Muster by the Commissary or Muster Master before such Muster shall be made that noe Soldier may pretend Ignorance.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* or O.

' annexed to the Original Art in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 5.

149

CHAPTER V.

An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Additional! Ayd of Twelve Pence in the Pound for One Yeare.

WHEREAS Wee Your Majestyes Dutifull and Loyall Subjects the Commons Assembled in Parlyament haveing Entred into a serious Consideration of the Extraordinary Occasions which did Engage Your Majestyes into a Great Expence for the necessary Defence of Your Realmes for the Reduceing of Ireland and for the vigorous Prosecution of the Warr against France both by Sea and Land and being desireous to Raise proportionable Aids and Supplyes did humbly Present Your Majestyes with the Free Gift of the Rates and Assesments mentioned in an Act of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Ayd of Two shillings in the Pound for One Yeare, By which it was Enacted That all and every Person and Persons Bodies Politick and Corporate Guilds and Fraternities within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede haveing any Estate in ready Moneys or in any Debts whatsoever oweing to them within this Realme or without or haveing any Estate in Goods Wares Merchandices or other Chattells or Personall Estate whatsoever within this Realine or without belonging to or in Trust for them (Except and out of the said Premisses Deducted such Summes of Money as he or they did bona fide owe and such Debts as should be adjudged Desperate by the Commissioners appointed by the said Act And alsoe the Stocke upon Land and such Goods as were used for HousholdstufFe) should Yield and Pay unto Your Majestyes Two shillings in the Pound according to the true yearely value thereof for One Yeare (That is to say) For every Hundred Pound of such ready Money and Debts and for every Hundred pounds worth of such Goods Wares Merchandices or other Chattells or Personall Estate the Summe of Twelve Shillings and soe after that rate for every greater or lesser Summe or Quantity to be Assessed Levyed and Collected in manner in the said Act mentioned Aid alsoe that all and every Person and Persons Commissioner or Commissioners Haveing Useing or Exerciseing any Publique Office or Employment of Profitt (such Military Officers who were or should be in Muster or Pay in Your Majestyes Army or Navy onely Excepted) And all and every their Agents Clerks Secondaries Substitutes and other Inferior Ministers whatsoever should Yield and Pay unto Your Majestyes the Summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings which he or they Received in One Yeare by Vertue of Fees or Profitts to him or them accrueing for or by reason or occasion of their severall Offices or Employments to be Assessed Imposed Levyed and Collected in such manner as in the same Act is mentioned And alsoe that all and every Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Quarries Mines of Coale Tinn or Lead Iron Works Salt Springs and Salt Works all Allom Mines or Works all Parks Chases Warrens Woods Underwoods Coppices and all Fishings Tythes Tolls Annuities and all other Yearely Profitts and all Hereditaments of what nature or kinde soever situate lying being happening or ariseing within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede as well within auntient Demesne and other Liberties and Priviledged Places as without should be and were thereby Charged for One Yeare onely with the Summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings of the full Yearely Value and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser Value And all and every Person and Persons Bodies Pollitick and Corporate Guilds Misteries Fraternities and (*) Brotherhoods whether Corporate or not Corporate haveing or holding any Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments or other the Premisses should Yield and Pay unto Their Majestyes the Summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings by the Yeare which the said Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and other the Premisses were worth to be Leased if the same were truely and Bona fide Leased or Demised at a Rack Rent and according to the full true Yearely Value thereof without any respect had to the Rents reserved for the same if such Rents had beene reserved upon such Leases or Estates made for which any Fine or Income had beene paid or secured or had beene lessened or abated upon Consideration of Money laid out or to be laid out in Improvements and without any respect had to any former Rates or Taxes thereupon Imposed or makeing any Abatement in respect of Reparations Taxes Parish Dutyes or any other Charges whatsoever Which said Summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings by the Yeare of the said true Yearely Value of the Premisses was by the said Act appointed to be Assessed Levyed and Collected in certaine manner therein mentioned and to be Paid into the Receipt of Your Majestyes Exchequer by Foure Quarterly Payments the first Payment thereof to be made upon the Five and twentyeth day of March in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety And whereas it was thereby further Enacted That every Papist or reputed Papist being of the Age of Sixteene yeares or upwards who had not taken the Oathes mentioned and required to be taken by an Act of this psent Parlyament Entituled An Act for the Abrogating the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oathes should Yield and Pay unto Your Majestyes double the Summes and Rates which by vertue of any Clause in the said first mentioned Act he or she should or ought to pay or be Charged with (That is to say) For every Hundred pounds of ready Money and Debts and for every Hundred pounds worth of Goods Wares Merchandizes Chattells or Personall Estate the Summe of Foure and Twenty shillings and soe after that Rate for every greater or lesser Quantity And for every Twenty shillings of the full yearely value of any Mannours Messuages or other Hereditaments Charged by the said Act which he or she should have or hold the Summe of Foure shillings to be Assessed Levyed and Collected Answered Recovered and Paid in such Manner by such Wayes and according to such Rules and Directions and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as were in the said Act expressed or appointed for or concerning the said Rates and Sums intended to be doubled as aforesaid unlesse such Papist or reputed Papist should take the said Oathes at such Time and in such Manner as in the said Act is appointed And it was alsoe thereby further Enacted That every Person being of the Age of Sixteene yeares or upwards and being within this Realme at the time of the Execution of the same Act who should not before that time have taken the said Oathes mentioned and required to be taken by the aforesaid Act Entituled An Act for the Abrogating of

* and 0.

Rot. Parl.pt. 3.

nu. 4,

Reasons for this Grant.

Cap. 1. ante, recited.

1° Gul. & Mar.

./;.16‘88.

Sess. 2. c.5.

Grant of further Rate.

Versons charged by cap. I. ante, izs. to pay a further Suni of 6s. and so proportionably.

II.

Commissioners and their Agents, See. by said \€t charged at 2s. in the Found, to pay the further Sum of is.

III.

Lands, &c. charged by said Act at 2s. in the Pound,to pay the further Sum of is.

IV.

Papists and other Persons charged by said Act at a Double Kate, charged further double the Rate granted by this Act, and also 2s. on every 4s. granted by the said Act.

V.

Commissioners under former Act to execute this Act.

VI.

Rates granted by this Act to be assessed, levied, &c. under the Provisions of the said former Act

and all Persons employed under this Act entitled to the Benefits and liable to all the Penalties of the said Act.

the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oathes and upon Summons by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of One or more of the Commissioners appointed by the said first mentioned Act should refuse to take the said Oaths at the dine appointed in the said Warrant or should neglect to appeare at such time before the Commissioners in order to take the said Oaths should Yield and Pay to Your Majestyes double the Summes and Rates which by vertue of any Clause in the said Act he or she should or ought to Pay or be Charged with in Manner as was in the same Act appointed touching Papist or reputed Papist to be Assessed Levyed Collected Answered Recovered and Paid in such Manner by such Wayes and according to such Rules and Directions and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as were in the said first mentioned Act expressed for and concerning the above mentioned Rates and Summes intended to be doubled as aforesaid, And in the said Act it was further Provided That every Person commonly called a Quaker and knowne to be such who should Make and Subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity contained in an Act of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for Exempting Their Majesties Protestant Subjects Dissenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certaine Lawes should not be lyable to or chargeable with any of the double Rates aforesaid And whereas wee Your Majestyes said Subjects the Commons are sensible That a further Aid and Supply is Requisite and Necessary for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid Wee doe humbly present Your Majestyes with the Free Gift of the further Rates and Assesments herein after mentioned And doe beseech Your Majestyes that it may be Enacted And bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by Authoritie of the same That Their Majesties shall over and besides the Rates and Assesments mentioned in the said former Act have and receive the further Rates and Assesments hereafter mentioned of and from every Person Spirituall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree soever he or they be to be Taxed Assessed Levyed and Paid in Manner and Forme following (That is to say) That all and every Person and Persons Bodies Pollitick and Corporate Guilds and Fraternities aforesaid who in respect of any Estate in ready Money or Debts or Goods Wares Merchandices or other Chattells or Personall Estate whatsoever were Charged by the said former Act and ought to Pay unto Their Majesties the Sumrne of Twelve shillings shall be Charged with and shall Yield and Pay unto Their Majesties the further Summe of Six shillings (That is to say) in the whole the Sumine of Eighteene shillings and soe after that Rate for every greater or lesser Summe or Quantity

And bee it further Enacted That all and every Person and Persons Commissioner or Commissioners and all and every their Agents Clerks Secondaries Substitutes and other Inferior Ministers whatsoever who by the said former Act were Charged and ought to Pay Two shillings for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive in One Yeare by vertue of any Fees or Profitts to him or them Accrueing for or by reason or occasion of their fseverall'] Offices or Implovments shall be Charged with and shall Yield and Pay unto Their Majesties the further Summe of One shilling (That is to say) in the whole the Summe of Three shillings for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe soe Receive in One Yeare.

And bee it further Enacted That all and every Mannours Messuages Lands and Tenements Quarries Mines of Coale Tinn or Lead Iron-Works Salt-Springs Salt-Works Allom-Mines or Works Parks Chases Warrens Woods Underwoods Coppices Fishings Tythes Tolls Annuities and all other yearely Profitts and Hereditaments of what nature or kinde soever Charged by the former Act for One yeare with the Summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings of the full yearely Value and soe in Proportion for any greater or lesser Values shall be Charged with and they who have or hold the same shall Yield and Pay unto Their Majestyes the further Summe of One shilling for every Twenty shillings That is to say Three ‘ shillings in the whole for every Twenty shillings of the full yearely Value and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser Value

And bee it further Enacted That every Papist and Reputed Papist and every other Person which by the said former Act was Charged with and made lyable to Pay unto Their Majestyes Double the Summes and Rates aforesaid shall be Charged with and shall Pay unto Their Majesties over and besides the same Double the Summes and Rates Given and Granted by this Act (That is to say) the Summe of Twelve shillings over and besides every Summe of Twenty foure shillings And the Summe of Two shillings over and besides every Summe of Foure shillings which such Papist reputed Papist or other Person was Charged writh or lyable to Pay by vertue of the said former Act

And bee it further Enacted That all and every the Persons named and appointed to be Comissioners for putting the said former Act in Execution shall be Commissioners for putting this present Act in Execution and shall respectively have and execute all Powers Authorities and Priviledges for and in relation to this present Act

as they had and ought to have by and in relation to the said former Act.

And that the Rates and Summes Given and Granted to Their Majesties by this present Act shall be Assessed

Taxed Collected Levyed Answered and Paid at such time and times and in such respective Proportions and in

such Manner by such Meanes and Wayes and according to such Rules and Directions and under such Penalties and Forfeitures and with such Abatements Deduct'ons and Allowances as in the said former Act are respectively Appointed of for and concerning the severall Rates and Summes thereby Given and Granted to Their Majestyes And all and every Person and Persons who shall be lyable to or any way Concerned or Imployed in the Assessing Collecting Levying Receiving or Paying any of the Summes Rates or Moneys by this Act Appointed to be Assessed Taxed Levyed Answered or Paid shall have like Benefitts Advantages and Discharges and shall be subject to like Penalties and Forfeitures in case of Neglect or Refusall to Pay the Sumines that shall hereupon

' interlined on the Roll,

A.D. 1688.

151

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2.

c. 5,

6.

be Assessed or Charged or to performe their respective Duties as in like case any Person or Persons by Vertue of the said former Act ought to have or be subject unto as Fully and Amply as if all and every the Clauses

in the said former Act contained for such purpose had beene againe in this Act respectively Repeated and Enacted

perticularly

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby Enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for any Person or Persons to Lend unto Their Majesties upon Security of the Moneyes given by this present Act any Suinme or Summes of Money and to have and receive Interest for the same after the Rate of Seven pounds in the Hundred for a

Yeare And that none of the Money soe to be Lent shall be Rated or Assessed by vertue of this Act And that

Tallies of Loane shall be Stricken and Orders of Repayment for the Moneys soe to be Lent and the Interest thereof Signed and Registred in a distinct Register for this purpose to be provided And such Orders or any part thereof shall be Assignable and the Principalis upon such Orders shall be paid in Course and the Interest every Three months in the like Method Order and Forme and under such Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be Incurred by any Officer or Officers Clerks or Deputies respectively for giveing any undue Preference or for takeing of undue Rewards Fees or Gratuities as in and by the first mentioned Act are in the like Cases Enacted Prescribed Provided or Declared.

And to the end that all the Moneys which shall be Lent unto Their Majestyes upon Credit of this Act with the Interest thereof may be well and sufficiently Secured and Paid according to the true meaning of the same It is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in Their Majesties Exchequer (to witt) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt One Booke in which One Third part of all the Moneys which in any One Day shall be brought or paid into the Exchequer ariseing as well by the said former Act as by vertue of this present Act shall be Entred apart and distinct from the other Two Third parts thereof and from all other the Revenue and Treasure there Which Third part soe from time to time ariseing shall be applyed and is hereby appropriated to the Satisfaction of the Loanes to be separately made on this Act and the Interest of the same And the other Two Third Parts of all the said Moneys ariseing by both Acts as aforesaid shall remainc appropriated and be applyed according to the true intent and meaning of the said former Act Any thing in this or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding

VII. Persons may lend Money to the Crown under this A A on Interest at s£"1 perCent. per Ann.

such Money not to be rated.

Tallies and Orders to Lenders ; assignable.

Orders paid in Course, and Interest everyThreeMonths, under the Provisions of former Act.

VIII.

Book kept for Account of One Third Part of Monies paid into the Exchequer under the former Act and this Act. Such Third Part of the said Monies applied in the Repayment of the Loans.

The Two other Third Parts applied to the Purpose of the said former Act.

Provided alwayes and bee it Declared and Enacted That this Act nor any thing therein contained nor any thing contained in a former Act of this present Session Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Ayd of Two shillings in the Pound for One Yeare shall extend or be construed to extend to the Taxing or Assessing any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Timber 'frees standing or growing on the Stem Any thing in this Act or in the foreincntioned Ad of a Grant to Their Majesties of an Ayd of Two shillings in the Pound for One Yeare to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX.

Cap. i. ante, or this Act, not to extend to Timber Trees standing orgrowing on the Stem.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for the Charging and Colleding the Duties upon Coffee Tea and Chocolate at the Custome-House.

WHEREAS it hath beene found by Experience that the collecting of the Duty ariseing to your Majesties by vertue of severall Acts of Parlyament by way of Excise upon the Liquors of Coffee Chocolate and Tea is not onely very troublesome and uncquall upon the Retailers of those Liquors but requireth such attendance of Officers as makes the neat Receipt very inconsiderable For remedy thereof Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritic of the same That from and after the nine and twentyeth day of September one thousand six hundred and ninety soe much of every Ad of Parlyament as concerns and requires the collecting the respective Duties by any of those Acts by way of Excise upon any of the Liquors aforesaid shall cease and [determinate*] And soe much of every of the said Acts as require the collecting of the said Duty by way of Excise shall hereby be and are repealed as to that part onely that require such Collection

And to the end the Duty thereby ariseing to your Majestyes may be brought in with little Charge or Trouble Bee it further enacted by the authoritic aforesaid That from and after the five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred eighty nine the Duties and Charges hereafter mentioned shall be collected and received by your Majestyes Officers at the C.ustome house upon Coffee-Berries Tea in the Lease and Cacao Nutts and alsoe upon Chocolate ready made being the materialls from wffiich the said Liquors are nowr extracted brewed or made and according to such proportions as are hereafter mentioned over and besides what is now paid or payable for the said Commodities [at the C.ustome house*] for the same that is to say upon every hundred weight of Coffee imported into any Ports within this Kingdome Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede accounting one hundred and twelve pounds to the Hundred five pounds twelve shillings and upon every hundred weight of Cacao-Nutts imported and containing as aforesaid eight pounds eight shillings and upon every [hundred3] weight of Tea imported five shillings and upon every pound weight of Chocolate ready made imported five shillings and soe proportionably for any greater or lesser quantity of any the Commodities aforesaid respectively

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 5.

Acts for collecting Excise upon Coffee, See. repealed.

II.

Evcrj* Hundred Weight of Cofice imported .<£*5. tas.; and of Cocoa Nuts imported 8s.; and of Tea imported, cs ; and for every Pound of Chocolate <5d.

pound O.

1 determine 0.

8 interlined on the Roll.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.6, 7.

A.D. 1688.

III.

Goods landed without paying or tendering Duties.

Goodo forfeited.

IV.

Two Thirds of Duty repaid upon Exportation.

V.

Nutmegs, &c. how in* ported. Ships how manned, &c.

Licence for Importation, under the Har.ds of Commissioners, granted without Fee.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. uu.6>

1 W. & M. Scss. 1. c. 13.

Neglrcls and Dcfefts in Execution of the said Act recited.

Persons that were not duly assessed by the said Act to be assessed as they ought to have been.

And for the more effe<5tuall collecting and recciveing of the said Duty Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any of the Commodities aforesaid whereof the Duties are or shall be due shall be unshipped or laid on Land the Duties due or to be due for the same not paid or lawfully tendred to the Collector thereof or his Deputy with the consent and agreement of the Comptroller and Surveyour there nor agreed with for the same in the Customehouse according to the true meaning of this Act that then from the said five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred eighty nine all the said Goods and Merchandices shall be forfeited the one moyety of the said Goods soe forfeited shall be to your Majestyes use and the other moyety to him or them that will seize or sue for the same without any Composition whatsoever this Act to continue for the terrne of five yeares and noe longer

Provided alwayes and it is further enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid That every Merchant or other Importer haveing paid the said Duties and Impositions in and by this Act appointed to be paid for any of the said Goods or Merchandices herein before made lyable to the payment thereof who shall within six months next after such his Importation thereof againe shipp off and carry out of this Kingdome or any Port thereof the said Goods or Merchandizes or any part thereof to any parts beyond the Seas That such Merchant or other Importer on such his Exportation thereof shall be repaid two thirds of the Duties soe by him paid by vertue of this Act of soe much of the said Goods and Merchandizes which he shall soe export or shipp off

And it is further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull (') for any person or persons to import into this Kingdome Nutmegs Cinamon Cloves and Mace in any English Shipps (one third part at least of the Mariners whereof to be Englishmen) from any parts beyond the Seas paying double the Sums the same are charged with in the Booke of Rates for the Customes and Dutyes thereof soe as notice be first given to the Commissioners or Farmers of their Majestyes Customes of the quality and quantity of the said Spices soe intended to be imported with the Name of the Shipp and Master or Commander on which they are to be loaden and the place into wdiich they intend to import the same and takeing a Licence under the hands of the Commissioners or Farmers for the time being or any three of them for the ladeing and importing thereof as aforesaid which Licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any Fee or Rewrard or any other Charge to the person demanding the same. Any Law' Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for Review of the late Poll Granted to Their Majestyes and for an Additionall Poll towards the Reduceing

of Ireland.

WHEREAS in the late Session of this present Parliament their Majestyes most obedient and Loyall Subjects the Commons in Parlyament Assembled being Highly sensible of the Deplorable Condition of Their Majesties Protestant Subjects within Their Kingdome of Ireland Did most humbly Present to Their Majesties the Free Gift of the severall Summes of Money specified in an Act then made Entituled An Act for Raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the Reduceing of Ireland to be Levyed and Paid in such manner as was therein expressed And whereas by reason of severall Negleds and Defects in the Execution of the said Act great part of the Summes £soel] Given were not Assessed Levyed, Answered or paid to Their Majesties More particularly Persons wrere not Assessed or not fully Assessed for ready Money or for Debts owning to them Persons who then were or formerly had beene Justices of Peace Sherifles and Deputy Lieutenants were not Assessed as Esquires And many other Esquires or soe reputed or who had soe owmed or wrote themselves were not Assessed as Esquires many Gentlemen or soe reputed or who had soe owned or written themselves And particularly diverse of the Clergy who ought to have beene Assessed as Gentlemen were not soe Assessed And great numbers were not Assessed One shilling for their Polls Whereas each and every Person of what Age Sex or Condition soever whether otherwise Charged by the said Act or not (Except such as received Parish Aimes and their Children being under the Age of Sixteene years And Children under the Age of Sixteene yeares of Day-Labourers and Servants in Husbandry And others who by reason of their Poverty were exempted from Contributing to the Church and Poore Or Children under the Age of Sixteene yeares Or such as had Foure or more Children and were not W'orth the SuiTie of Fifty pounds) ought to have beene Assessed and to have paid One shilling to Their Majesties And diverse other Persons have not beene Assessed or not fully and duly Assessed for their Personall Estates Offices Employments Orders Rancks Degrees and Titles and other things Charged by the said Act Bee it therefore Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by Authoritie of the same That all and singular the Persons and Things that wrere not Assessed and Taxed or not fully and duely Assessed and Taxed as they ought to have beene by vertue and according to the true intent and meaning of the said Recited Act shall be Assessed and Taxed as they ought to have beene by the said former Act soe as that all and every the Summe and Summes of Money Given Granted and Intended to be Levyed by the said Act may be duly and fully Levyed Answered and paid unto Their Majesties according to the Rules and Methods and true Intent of the said Act

1 to And 0.

interlined on the Koll.

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. (2. c. 7, 8.

153

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Tradesmen Shopkeeper and Artificer within ^ ^ II.

the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede haveing an Estate of the cleare fkers, of Estates of

Value of Three hundred Pounds or upwards And alsoe all Philizers Attourneys Sollicitors Clerks in Chauncery Per Annum

1 t , and upwards.

Exchequer and other Courts of Law or Equity Proctors and other Officers of any their Majesties Courts Ecclesiasticall officers of Courts of

or Civill and who have not already by vertue of the said recited Act beene Taxed and Paid as Gentlemen or for some Law and Equity;

higher Title shall pay unto Their Majesties the Summe of Twenty shillings over and above all other Summes charged Court*

upon him or them to be Assessed Taxed Collected levyed and Paid in such manner and by such meanes and waves pay *os. over and

as is appointed concerning the Persons and Things Summe and Summes herein before mentioned assessed upon them.

And bee it further Enacted That every Clergyman and every Preacher or Teacher in any Congregation whatsoever who hath not by vertue of the said recited Act paid as a Gentleman or for some higher Title and hath an Estate in any Ecclesiasticall Benefice or Contribution or otherwise to the value of Three hundred pounds shall pay as a Gentleman

And bee it further Enacted That for the more effectuall putting this Act in Execution soe many of the Persons named and appointed to be Commissioners by an Act of this present Session of Parliament Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majesties of an Aid of Two shillings in the pound for One Yeare as by Their said Majestyes under the Great Seale of England shall be Nominated and Appointed for that purpose shall be and are hereby Constituted and Appointed to be Commissioners for the Execution of this present Act within the severall and respective Countyes Citties Burroughs and Places for which they are appointed Commissioners and shall have and execute like Powers and Authorities Rules and Directions for and concerning the Premisses as any Commissioners had or ought to have executed by vertue of the aforesaid Act Entituled An Act for Raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the reduceing of Ireland, And all and every Person and Persons who shall be lyable to or any way concerned or imployed in the Assessing Collecting Levying Receiveing or Paying any of the Moneys by this Act appointed to be Assessed Taxed Levyed Answered or Paid shall have like Benefitts Advantages and Discharges and shall be subject to like Penalties and Forfeitures in case of neglect or refusall to pay the Summes that shall hereupon be Assessed or Charged or to performe their respective Duties as in such Case any Person or Persons by vertue of the said former Act Entituled An Act for Raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the reduceing of Ireland ought to have or be subject unto as fully and amply as if all and every the Clauses Matters and Things in the said Act contained for such purpose had beene againe in this Act repeated and enacted particularly.

ill.

Clergymen, &c. having a Living or Contribution of ^300 per Ann. to pay as Gentlemen. IV.

Certain Number of Commissioners appointed by c. 1. ante, to execute this Act.

1 \V. & M. Sess. 1. c. 13.

Persons acting under this Act entitled to the Benefits, and liable to the Penalties of the said Act.

V.

And bee it further enacted That the respective Commissioners shall meete together at the most usuall place of meeting at or before the Fourth day of March One thousand six hundred eighty nine And that the said Summe and Summes of Money shall be Assessed Collected Levied and Paid unto the Receiver of the severall Counties and Places appointed or to be appointed by Their Majesties on or before the Tenth day of May One thousand six hundred and ninety and by them Answered and Paid into Their Majestyes Exchequer upon or before the Tenth day of June then next ensueing.

Provided alwayes That if any Person or Persons by reason of his or their haveing severall Mansion Houses or Places of Residence or otherwise hath beene or shall be doubly charged by occasion of this Act or of the said former Act Entituled An Act for Raising Money by a Poll or otherwise towards the reduceing of Ireland Then upon Certificate made by Two or more of the Commissioners for the County City or Place of his or their last personall Residence under their Hands and Seales of the Sum or Summes charged upon him or them and in what Capacity or Respect he or they were soe Charged (which Certificate the said Commissioners are required to give without Delay Fee or Reward) and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any one Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the said Certificate shall be made (which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby Authorized and Required to

Commissioners to meet 4th of March 1689.

Monies assessed paid to Receivers of Counties 1 oth May 1689 ; and by them paid into the Exchequer 1 oth June following.

VI.

Persons doubly charged ; on Certificate by Commissioners granted without Fee, and on Oath of such Certificate, discharged.

Administer) then the Person and Persons soe doubly Charged shall for soe much as shall be soe Certified be discharged in every other County City or Place.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act for pventing vexatious Suits against such as acted in order to the bringing in their Majestyes or for their Rot. Parl. pt. 3.

Service.

WHEREAS about the time of his Majestyes glorious Enterprize for delivering this Kingdome from Popery and Reasons for passing

Arbitrary Power and in aid and pursuance of the same diverse Lords Gentlemen and other good People well 11S

aflfefted to their Country did aft as Lieutenants Deputy Lieutenants Justices of the Peace or other Officers Civill or Military' though not sufficiently authorized thereunto and did apprehend and putt into Custodie severall criminous and suspected persons and did seize and use diverse Horses Arms and other things and did enter into the Houses and Possessions of severall persons and did quarter and cause to be quartered Soldiers and others there In which

Proceedings some Force and Violence and defect of Forme was unavoidable which in a time of Peace and Common

Safety would not have beene warrantable, And alsoe since their Majesties happy Accession to the Crowne by reason of the Warrs and Troubles raised and occasioned by the [Emmies'] of their Majestyes and this Kingdome diverse like Matters and Things have beene acted and done all which were necessary and allowable in reguard of the exigence of publique Affaires and ought to be justified and the parties [concerned1] therein indemnified Neverthelesse some persons ill affefted to their Majesties Government and the Safety and Welfare of this Kingdome have commenced and prosecuted and threaten to commence and prosecute Actions and Suits against their Majesties good Subjects for and by reason of their Aftings and Doeings aforesaid Therefore for the preventing the Trouble and Charges which the said good Subjects might be putt to by the means of such vexatious Suites Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most

Enemyes 0.

11 interlined on the Roll.

154

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. c2. c. 8, 9.

excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That all personall Attions Suites Molestations and Prosecutions whatsoever and Judgements had thereupon if any be for or by reason of any of the Premisses or any Matter or Thing advised commanded appointed happened or done in order to the bringing in their Majesties to this Kingdome or for their Service or for the Safety of the Government be and are hereby discharged and made void And if any Action or Suite hereby declared or intended to be discharged shall be commenced or prosecuted every person an?re<ttvcr Double sued maY P^eac^e l^e Generali Issue and give this Act and the Speciall Matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiffc shall

Costs. become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the said

Defendant shall recover his double Costs for which he shall have the like Remedy as in Case where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

Prosecutions against any Persons for having done any thing in bringing in their Majesties, void.

Defendant may

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 8.

Reasons for passing this Act.

The Irish Parliament declared void.

All Acts, &c. since 13th of Feb. 1688, except by, from, or under the King, void.

n.

All Cities and Corporations in Ireland to be in the same State as they were in 1683, notwithstanding QuoWarrantos,&c. which are declared void.

111.

No Person shall be prejudiced by his Absence, or for Non-payment of Rent, &c. to the King, betwixt 1685 and 1688, and the Time that Ireland shall be reduced.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for the better Security and Reliefe of their Majesties Protestant Subjects of Ireland.

WHEREAS the Kingdome of Ireland is (as well by the Laws of this Kingdome as those of Ireland) annexed and united to the Imperiall Crowne of England and all Acts Judgements Sentences Orders Decrees or other Proceedings of what kinde soever there had made or done without or against the authoritie of the Kings or Queens of this Kingdome of England are absolutely null and void And all persons in Ireland that oppose or submitt not to the Government of the Crowne of this Realme are Rebells and Guilty of High Treason Notwithstanding which severall persons since the happy Accession of their Majestyes King William and Queene Mary to the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme have beene lately assembled at or neere the City of Dublin in the Kingdome of Ireland without any authoritie from their said Majesties ptending to be or calling themselves by the Name of a Parlyament and in such Rebellious Assembly have made and passed severall pretended Acts or Statutes in manifest opposition to the Soveraignty and to the inherent Rights and Dignities of the Crowne of this Realme and to the generall Prejudice and Violation of the Rights and Properties of their Majesties good Subjects of that Kingdome And although all the said Proceedings are absolutely null and void in themselves yet neverthelesse for the more plaine and expresse declareing and asserting the Soveraignty Rights and Dignities of the Crowne of England and for the clearing all Doubts and quieting the Minds of their Majestyes good Subjects of that Kingdome and alsoe for the remedying preventing and avoiding the severall Mischiefs and Inconveniencies intended by this Act to be provided against Bee it enacted and declared by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same That the persons now or of late assembled at Dublin without any authoritie derived from their Majestyes pretending to be or calling themselves by the Name of a Parlyament were not nor are a Parlyament but an unlawfull and rebellious Assembly And that all Acts of Attainder and all other Acts and Proceedings whatsoever had made done or passed or to be had made done or passed in the said pretended Parlyament shall be taken deemed and adjudged to be and are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void to all Intents construdions and purposes whatsoever And alsoe that noe Ad Statute Judgement Outlawry Decree Sentence Order or other Proceedings Matter or thing whatsoever since the thirteenth day of February in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty eight had made passed given pronounced or done (1) or hereafter to be had made passed given pronounced or done by any person or persons whatsoever by colour of any Commission Writt Power or Authoritie within their Majestyes Kingdome of Ireland (other then such Commission Writt Power or Authority as hath beene or shall be given by or derived from or under their Majestyes) shall be of any Strength Force Vertue or Effect but that the same to all intents construdions and purposes shall be and are hereby declared and adjudged to be absolutely null and void

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Cities Burroughs and Townes and all and singular Bodies Corporate Ecclesiasticall or Temporall within the said Kingdome of Ireland shall be and are hereby declared adjudged and enacted to be restored unto the same state and condition to all intents construdions and purposes whatsoever which they and every or any of them wrere in at or upon the foure and twentyeth day of June which was in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty three any Proceedings against them or any of them by Quo Warranto's Scire Facias or Information in the nature of Quo Warranto or any Proceedings Judgements Seizures or Executions thereon or any new Charter Grant Commission or any Surrender or other Act or Acts since that time to the contrary notwithstanding All which Writts Suites Proceedings Judgements Seizures Executions Charters Grants Commissions Surrenders and other Act and Acts are hereby declared and adjudged to be null and (1) void to all intents construdions and purposes whatsoever

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe person or persons whatsoever of the Protestant Religion shall be subject or lyable to any Losse Forfeiture or Prejudice in Estate Office Person or otherwise for or by reason of his or their absence out of the Kingdome of Ireland at any time or times since the five and twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty five or for nonpayment of Rent or any other duty due or payable to their Majesties or the Crowne out of for or by reason of any Houses Lands Tenements Hereditaments Redories Tythes or Church-Liveings since the five and twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty eight untill such time as the said Kingdome of Ireland shall be declared by their Majestyes to be reduced to their Majesties Obedience but shall be absolutely discharged and acquitted of and from the Payment of all Quit-Rents Crowne Rents Com position-Rents Hearth Money Twenty eth-parts Payments and other chiefe-Rents ariseing or payable out of any Houses Lands Tenements Hereditaments Rectories Tythes or Church

A.D. 1688.

1° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 9.

155

Liveings incurring or becomeing due to their Majesties or the Crowne at any time after the said five and twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty eight untill the said Kingdome of Ireland shall be by their Majestyes declared to be reduced and the Warr and Rebellion there ended

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every Protestant and Protestants of the Kingdome of Ireland shall be and are hereby restored to all their Possessions as well Ecclesiastical I as Temporal in such manner as they or those under whome they claime had the same on the five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred eighty eight and that all (') every person and persons that doe detaine such Possessions after a Demand by the partie grieved and intended to be hereby restored shall and may be proceeded against as in case of a forcible Detainor.

ITEM queda Petiriones privatas personas concementes (in se forma A&us continentes) exhibite fuerunt predicto dno

Regi in Parliamento pdicto quoru Tituli subscribuntur

An Act for annulling and makeing void the attainder of William Russell Esqs comonly called Lord Russell.

An Act for exhibiting a bill in this present Parliament for naturalizing the most noble Prince George of Denmarke.

An Act for the naturalization of the most noble Prince George of Denmarke and setling his precedence.

An Act for naturalizing of Frederick Count Schomberg and others.

An Act to enable Younger Cooke Esqs to sell Lands to pay his debts and provide for his younger Children.

An Act for the naturalization of Henry de Nassau and others.

An Act for annulling and makeing void the Attainder of Algernoon Sydney Esq

An Act for annulling and makeing void the Attainder of Alicia Lisle Widow.

An Act for the sale or leasing the Capitall Messuage late Henry Coventryes Esq> in Piccadilly.

An Act for building into Tenements the remaining part of Arundell Ground as now inclosed.

An Act for the naturalization of Anne Astley and others.

An Act for the better assureing the Mannour of Silton and diverse other Lands and Tenements in Silton in the County of Salop unto Joseph Soley Gent and his heires.

An Act to enable Robert Penwarne to sell Lands to pay his brothers and sisters portions and alsoe to pay debtes. An Act to make good a Recovery suffered by the Earle of Peterborough and Lord Mordaunt.

An Act to enable Theodore Bathurst to make a Joynture for his wife and to charge moneys on part of his estate in Yorkshire.

An Act for reversing the Attainder of Henry Cornish Esq^ late Alderman of the City of London.

An Act for erecting a Court of Conscience at Newcastle upon Tyne.

An Act for erecting Courts of Conscience in the Cityes of Bristoll and Gloucester and the Liberties thereof.

An Act for the better regulating the Salt-Works in Droitwich.

An Act to enable Thomas Chettell to sell part of his Estate for payment of his debts and makeing provision for his wife and children.

An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Hele Esquire.

An Act for enabling of Hannah Sherley Widow and Mary Battilhey alias Sherley her daughter to selle and dispose of certaine Llands and Tenements in the Countyes of Midlesex and Essex.

ITEM queda Petiriones privatas personas concementes (in se forma A&us continentes) exhibite fuerunt pdi&o dno

Regi in Parliamento pdi&o quoru Tituli subscribuntur.

Private Acts.

An Act for naturalizing William Watts.

An Act for declareing and enacting John Rogerson to be a naturall borne Subject of this Kingdome

An Act for the enableing Edward Viscount Hereford to setle a Joynture on his marriage with Elizabeth Narbourne notwithstanding his minority.

An Act for provideing maintenances for the children of Sydney Wortley alias Mountague Esq^ dureing his wifes Life in case she survive him.

An Act to discharge the Duke of Norfolke and the Trustees of Henry late Duke of Norfolke upon payment of certaine Sums of Money to the Llady Elizabeth Teresa Russell wife of Bartholomew Russell Esqs.

An Act to enable Charles Bodvile Earle of Radnor to make a Joynture and to raise a Summe of money out of diverse Lands and Tenements in Cornwall.

An Act to enable Thomas Edon Esq> to sell Lands for payment of his debts and to make provision for his wife and children in case they shall have any.

An Act to enable William Batson Esq^ to sell Lands in the County of Oxon and to purchase and setle other Lands in the County of Suffolke to the same uses.

IV.

Protestants restored to their Possessions.

Forcible Detainer against Person detaining Possessions.

Rot. Parl.

I Gul. & Mar. p.

Rot. Parl.

I Gul. isf Mar. p. j.

and O.

( 156 )

Rot. Parl. pt. I. nu. 1.

King and Queen recognized.

The Acts of the said Parliament were and are Laws and Statutes, and to be obeyed.

Hot. Pari. pt. i.

flU. 2.

Reasons for granting the King and Queen a Subsidy.

Anno 2° GULIELMI & MARLE. A.D. 1689.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Twentieth Day of March, In the SECOND Year of the Reign of K. WILLIAM and Q. MARY.

€v JRotulo i&arltamentt De ^nno regnt d&ultelmt et S^artae, £>ecunDo.

IN Parliamento inchoat' et tent' apud Westm vicesimo die Martii Anno Regni Serenissimi Dili et Dne Gulielmi et Marie Dei gratia Anglie Scotie Francie et Hibemie Regis et Regine Fidei Defensor* &c secundo annoq^ Dili millesimo sexcentesimo nonagesimo cbi omniu Dnoru et Comunitatis consensu et Reg Majestatis assensu sancita ina&itata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequentia hec Statuta ad verbu ut sequitur videlicet

CHAPTER I.

An Act for Recognizing King William and Queene Mary and for avoiding all Questions touching the A6bs made in the Parliament assembled at Westminster the thirteenth day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight.

WEE your Majestyes most humble and loyall Subjects the Lords Spirituall and (1) Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled doe beseech your most excellent Majestyes that it may be published and declared in this High Court of Parlyament and enatted by authoritie of the same That we doe recognize and acknowledge your Majestyes were are and of Right ought to be by the Laws of this Realme our Soveraigne Liege Lord and Lady King and Queene of England France and Ireland and the Dominions thereunto belonging in and to whose Princely Persons the Royall State Crowne and Dignity of the said Realms with all Honours Stiles Titles Regalities Prerogatives Powers Jurisdictions and Authorities to the same belonging and appertaining are most fully rightfully and intirely invested and incorporated united and annexed. And for the avoiding of all Disputes and Questions concerning the Being and Authority of the late Parliament assembled at Westminster the thirteenth day of February one thousand six hundred eighty [eight1] Wee doe most humbly beseech your Majestyes that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the King and Queenes most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same That all and singular the ACbs made and enacted in the said Parlyament were and are Laws and Statutes of this Kingdome and as such ought to be reputed taken and obeyed by all the People of this Kingdome.

CHAPTER H.

An Act for Raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the Reduceing of Ireland and Prosecuting the Warr

against France.

WEE Your Majestyes most DutyfiiU and Loyal Subjects the Commons Assembled in Parlyament haveing entred into a Serious Consideration of the great and extraordinary Expences in which Your Majesties are Engaged for the Reduceing of Ireland and for the Carrying on the Warr against the French King In order towards the Enabling Your Majesties to Prosecute the said Ends with Speede and Vigour doe most humbly present to Your Majestyes a Free Gift of the severall Sums of Money hereafter specified Beseeching Your Majestyes that it may be Enacted And bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by

‘ and 0. * interlined on the Roll.

0 fafxll* Rftitltrum

- /,///'/A/"/// y //, ' // y. A - //fl;y, f > /

Tt* tii/Y /wyr J5(> of' Vet-17 of the Statutes.

r^C\X ^Co^vv|ui<5 (Kuor *-

vvo_\\)^v? a-w 3 ^ V^tics &fC c^iicffetou^ toubjinft

m

Hi

4IS

vdwvcut

ar^evuGC*

vou| u>frye^Vvc<P \woj tr ^vvu\6"C^ aw3 Covft-CCV^VvGie ttaf* CCoi&^T

CC etn9 ^uv^afC et^v© ^ouimou^ ui t^tiT ^fc^CvfcvvvCivt

kGCc9 9oo Gc|cec£ vou^ uvo^V ^ccCCcnt Uj^e^lvc^ vt uta^ 6c>

■p'uGC^ ftrvv2' SflcCsc^ Hi ty^* Y^on^t ^ ^t^ariCyariuciwt' ftrwJ Y^a^tcS

v>*v fcyo fcviS c»^uj§t ou^Gt to GY* 6V t(jY lTa£Vo Ci§if

(YcetCuvc? o\v^/^o\vcYft^>'^ CCt^g'o tit*)* ftw3 CCa^v) etvv9 s^> ^«'v^ °^r

j^ytattrc* C^ycCftnv3 rfjY I'omtuicvvy* t{yty<uiu*o GeCoucpng

in avt3 -^DyltitcCv)-tD^Y^uir \§*>(X&y&(E (^tart^ amS

*v3 (Y^atiu^P aft ^ouoivyP QrtvCcaT (^tCccf(^g&f\fcW'

|O$vafvu-C0' '^\viv^\rt\ovvO"‘ &w3 to 03tnv*» CeCfrutjing-

et\s.^ a^><^ta\umc^ fcy*> vuO^t ^uCCc fcvi& mtvy^CV) vviive^tc3 6t\v3 o

nitoi^*|ft*^ sxsxvtz& awd auvvc^S'. ^uS CoT b)Y auoCSuv^ oCaCC

• ' . r* ^ * "r* Vv /^ . 1 Z' ' rv . i/fV

y"~y °:; v - } v...o V jy \^y r L

£^2 *^iiat-t\i3 &u-8 it Y^uacto.3 tV tbjo king' auS G^iicou^P vvvoftr 00

tcffcut n^avo^tvc^ fv) ftivo^Oit^ t^o aru3 tovi^vit Cto

gy\^t\iarCC ictwS ^vu^o^aCC 8fcw8 ^>mmou<T m t^c^r ^y«.^ctvt ^Z)et^C^aAucut-^rtciiil'Vc.S etuS a-wtijc^iHo o^ A\uo ^>av aCC etu

ui6c8& a>vS ^uft-rtrcS Hi ti>o vuVv3 ^a^Cva^H^ua^v9 a^o CCeiSu

ary'

a^v

r—"Y" n 1 -i

3 (^ttfctute^ v>^\ ft\v3^8to Oi%t~^ Cii^t to Go u,^ntt3 tftkcn

t S otYvc.3 t^/ aft tGo ^ooyCe,* o^: ^>10

/.'nynn-at A>' iMnrj tt (ntnlty

A.D. 1689.

15T

<r Gvl. 8c Mar. c. 2.

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That all and every Person and Persons Bodies Politick and Corporate Guilds or Fraternities within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede haveing any Personall Estate either in Debts oweing to them within this Realme or without which he she or they doe not account as desperate other then such Debts as now are or shall be oweing from Their Majestyes (over and besides such just Debts as he she or they shall bona fide owe) or in ready Moneys shall yield and pay unto Their Majestyes for every Hundred pounds in such Debts and ready Moneys the Summe of Ten shillings (to be paid by the Lender notwithstanding any Agreement to the contrary) to be Assessed Imposed Levyed and Collected in manner herein after mentioned

And bee it further EnaCked by the Authority aforesaid That all and ever)' Person and Persons Commissioner or Commissioners haveing useing or exerciseing any Office Place or Publick Employment whatsoever (such Persons who are or shall be in Muster and Pay at Land or Sea for or in respeck of such their Pay onely excepted) and all and every their Deputyes Agents Clerks Secondaries Substitutes and other their inferior Ministers and Servants whatsoever shall pay unto Their Majestyes the Summe of One shilling for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive in one Yeare by vertue of any Fees Profits Perquisites or other Advantages to him or them accrueing for or by reason or occasion of their several! Offices Agencies and Employments to be Assessed Imposed Levyed and Collected in such maimer as herein after is mentioned

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons haveing or Claiming to have any Pension of yearely Stipend or Annuity Issueing or Payable out of any part of Their Majestyes Revenue exceeding Twenty pounds per Annum shall pay unto Their Majesties the Summe of One shilling out of every Twenty shillings by the Yeare soe given or granted as aforesaid to be deducted out of their severall Salaries and to be Assessed Imposed Levyed and Collected in such manner as is herein after mentioned

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Judges and other Persons haveing at the time of the Execution of this Act any Judicial 1 Office or other Office or Place of Profitt And all Serjeants at Law Barristers Attourneys Solicitors and Scriveners And all Advocates Proctors and Publicke Notaries And all and every Person and Persons pradiseing the Art of Phisick shall Pay unto Their Majestyes the Summe of Three shillings out of every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive by his or their respective Salaries Offices Practices or Professions in one yeare And all and every person and persons of what Age Sex or Condition soever shall pay unto Their Majestyes the Summe of One shilling (Except such persons as shall receive Alms of the Parish where they dwell and their Children being under the Age of Sixteene yeares at the time of the Execution of this Act And except all Children being under the Age of Sixteene yeares of all Day-Labourers and of all Servants in Husbandry And also Except all other Persons who by reason of their Poverty are Exempted from Contributing to the Church and Poore And the Children of all such Persons being under the Age of Sixteene yeares And also Except all Children being under the Age of Sixteene yeares of such who have Foure or more Children and are not worth in Lands, Goods and Chattells the Summe of Fifty pounds

And bee it further Enacted That all and every Person and Persons who at the time of the Execution of this Act shall be of the severall Ranks and Degrees hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid Contribute and

Pay the severall Summes of Money hereafter in this Act sett downe and appointed (That is to say) Every Person

of the Degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland Inhabiting and Residing within this Kingdome of England shall pay the Summe of Fifty pounds Every Person of the Degree of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdoms Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the Summe of Forty pounds Every Person

of the Degree of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome

shall pay the Summe of Thirty pounds Every Person of the Degree of a Viscount of any of the Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the Summe of Twenty five pounds Every Person of the Degree of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the Summe of Twenty pounds Every eldest Sonne of a Duke of any of the said Three Kingdoms

and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares shall pay the Summe of Thirty pounds Every younger Sonne of a Duke of any of the said Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Twenty five pounds Every eldest Sonne of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Twenty five pounds Every younger Sonne of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age ot Sixteene yeares the Summe of Twenty pounds Every eldest Sonne of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Twenty pounds Every younger Sonne of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Fifteene pounds Every eldest Sonne of a Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares

the Summe of Seventeene pounds ten shillings Every younger Sonne of a Viscount of any of the said Three

Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe of Thirteene pounds six shillings and eight pence Every eldest Sonne of a Baron of any of the said Three

Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome and being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Summe

of Fifteene pounds Every younger Sonne of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdoms and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the Sum of Twelve pounds Every Person

S s

Grant to the King and Queen of i os. in every jfico of Personal Estate.

II.

Public Officers (Exceptions) to pay I s. for every 2os. of the Profits of t\rir Offices.

HL

Pensions, &c. from Government exceeding £io per Ann. to pay is in the Pound.

IV.

Judges, Serjeants at Law, Barristers, Advocates, and Persons pra&ising Physick, to pay 3s. in the Pound.

Every other Person to pay is. Exceptions to tl»c PolL

V.

Rates of Payments by Pecr9, &c.

Duke, resident in the Kingdom, ^50-

Marquess, ,-£40.

Earl, ^30. Viscount, ^25. Baron, £20.

Eldest Son of Duke, of 16 Years,

5^30.

Younger Son, ^25.

Eldest Son of Marquess, £2$.

Younger Son, of 16 Years, r£zo.

Eldest Son of Earl, of 16 Years, £20. Younger Son, of 16 Years,

Eldest Son of Viscount, of 16 Years, *£17. ios. Younger Son, of 16 Years, £ 13.63. 8d.

Eldest Son of Baron, of 16 Years, .£15.

ounger Son of a Baron, of 16 Years, &12.

V<)L. VI.

A.D. 1689.

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 2.

Baronet, 15.

Knight of the Bath, £\$.

Knight Batchelor,

■£10.

King's Serjeant,

£20.

Serjeant at Law,

£15.

Esquire, of 16 Years,

Every Person who hath been or bears Office of Sheriffs, &c.

Exception. Exception of Places.

Gentlemen, of 16 Years, 20s. Clergyman with Benefice worth £50, 20s.

Widow to pay the Third Part of Rale on her late Husband's Degree.

VI.

Gentleman having Estate of X300 or more, to pay 20s. though an Infant; under that Estate, on Oath, not charged.

VII. Archbishop, £50. Bishop, £20. Deans, .X'io Archdeacons,

£z. 1 os.

Canons and Prebendaries not rated at above £}fit £2. 1 os. except Sole Prebends. Doctors in Divinity, Law, and Physick, £$■ Every Person in the Cities of London and Westminster, practising Physick or Chirurgery,

to pay 50s.

Two Livings amounting to £izo, £$.

VIII. Proviso for D.D. &c.

not having Benefice, and for Widows of Ecclesiastical Persons.

IX. Merchants of London, not free, X?iO.

Merchant and Traders, holding a House of £30 per Ann. in London, 10s. Members of East India Company,

40s. in the £ 100 for Shares.

Members of the Guinea Company, the like.

Members of the Hudson's Bay Company, the like. Payments to Governors, &c. deducted out of next Dividend.

X. Merchant Strangers, £10. Jew Merchants, £20.

Jew Brokers, £5. Every other Jew of 16 Yrars, 1 os. Proviso for French Protestants having received Public Charity.

of the Degree of a Baronet of any of the said Three Kingdoms or of Nova Scotia and Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome the Summe of Fifteene pounds Every Person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome the Summe of Fifteene pounds Every Person who is a Knight Batchelor Inhabiting and Resideing within this Kingdome the Summe of Ten pounds Every Serjeant at Law being the Kings Serjeant the Suinmc of Twenty pounds And every other Serjeant at Law the Summe of Fifteene pounds Every Person of the Degree of an Esquire or soe reputed or owning or writeing himselfe such And every Person that is or hath at any time beene a Member of the House of Commons And every Person who hath borne or doth beare the Office of Sheriffe or Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant (other then such as are reputed Esquires for haveing beene or being Mayors or Sheriffes or Members of any Corporation (Except in the Cities of London and Westminster Yorke Bristoll and Exeter and Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tyne) Inhabiting or Resideing within this Kingdome and being of the Age of Sixtcene yeares the Summe of Five pounds Every Gentleman or reputed Gentleman or owning or writeing himselfe such above the Age of Sixteene yeares Inhabiting or Resideing in this Kingdome And every Clergyman who hath an Ecclesiasticall Benefice worth Fifty pounds per Annum or more at the improved Value and every Preacher or Teacher in any Meeting House whatsoever the Summe of Twenty shillings Ever)' Widow respectively according to her Husbands Degree shall pay the Third

Part Rated by this Act on that Degree of which the Husband of such Wife was in his life time

And bee it further Enacted That every Gentleman haveing an Estate of the value of Three hundred pounds or more shall be Charged with the Summe of Twenty shillings though he be a Minor under the Age of One and twenty yeares And noe Gentleman not haveing such an Estate and thereof shall make Oath before any two or more of the respective Commissioners shall be Charged with the said Summe of Twenty shillings in respect of his Title

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained That all and every the Person and Persons within the Kingdome

of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwickc upon Tweede who at the time of the Execution of this

Act shall be of the severall Orders Ranks or Degrees hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid pay the

several 1 Summes of Money hereafter in this Act sett downe and appointed (That is to say) Every Person of the

Order and Degree of an Archbishop shall pay the Summe of Fifty pounds Every Person of the Degree and Order of a Bishop the Summe of Twenty pounds Every Person of the Degree of a Deane of any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church shall pay the Summe of Ten pounds Every Person of the Degree of an Arch Deacon shall pay the Summe of Fifty shillings Ever)' Person of the Degree of a Cannon or Prebendary of any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church (Excepting such sole Prebendary who is a sole Corporation and his Prebend not Rated in the Exchequer at above Thirty pounds) shall pay the Summe of Fifty shillings Every Person of the Degree of a Doctor of Divinity Law or Physicke shall pay the Summe of Five pounds Every Person in the Cities of London and Westminster and Weekly Bills of Mortality Pradising Physicke or Chirurgery and takeing Fees for the same shall pay the Summe of Fifty shillings Every Person holding two or more Ecclesiasticall Benefices with or without Cure of Soules which shall amount together to the cleare yearely value of One hundred and twenty pounds shall pay the Summe of Five pounds

Puovidkd alwayes That noe Doctor of Divinity or Doctor of Law haveing Priests Orders not haveing any Benefice or Ecclesiasticall Preferment shall be Charged for his Title or Dignitie of Doctor by vertue of this Act nor the

Widow of any Ecclesiasticall Person shall be Charged for the Third Part according to the Title or Dignitie of

her late Husband

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained That the severall Persons hereafter mentioned Resideing and Inhabiting within this Kingdome shall pay the severall Summes of Money hereafter in this Act respectively sett downe and Charged on them (That is to say) Every Merchant Tradeing in the Port of London and Resideing within the said City or Ten miles thereof and not being Free of the said City shall pay the Summe of Ten pounds And every Merchant or other Person whatsoever useing any Trade or Manuall Occupation and holding a House of Thirty pounds per Annum within the City of London or within Twenty miles of the same shall pay the Summe of Ten shillings Every Member in the East-India Company shall pay for his Share or Shares which he hath in the Joynt Stock of the said Company Forty shillings for every Hundred pounds according to the first Capitall of the said Stock Every Member of the Guinea Company shall pay for his Share or Shares which he hath in the Joynt Stock of that Company Forty shillings for every Hundred pounds according to the first Capitall of the said Stock Every Member of the Company commonly called the Hudsons Bay Company shall pay for his Share or Shares which he hath in the Joynt Stock of that Company Forty shillings for every Hundred pounds according to the first Capitall of the said Stock To be paid by the Governors and Treasurers of the said East-India Guinea and Hudson's Bay Companies and to be dedu&ed at their next Dividend

And bee it further Enabled and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Merchant Stranger Resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the Summe of Ten pounds Every Jew who is a Merchant shall pay the Summe of Twenty pounds Every Jew who is a Broker shall pay the Summe of Five pounds and every other Jew of the Age of Sixteene yeares and upwards the Sum of Ten shillings Provided That none of the French Protestants that have received any Share of the Publick Charity Collected by vertue of Letters Patents for their Relicfe shall be Charged by vertue of this Acct

AT). 1689.

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 2

159

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authorise aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons haveing any Share or Shares or Interest in the Fresh Streame of Running Water brought to the North parts of London commonly called the New River or in the Thames Water works or in Hyde Parke or Marybone Waters or any Rents or Profits ariseing thereby And all and every Person or Persons haveing any Share or Interest in the Stock or Stocks for Printing of Books in or belonging to the House commonly called the [Ring1] Printing House or any Rents or Profits ariseing thereby shall pay for the same the Summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings of the yearely Value thereof to be paid by the respective Governours Treasurers or Receivers of the said River Water Water Works and Stocke for Printing and to be deducted at and out of the next Dividend respectively The said River Water Water works and Stock for Printing to be Assessed by the Commissioners for the City of London or any Three of them after the Rates aforesaid

And bee it further Enacted by the the Authority aforesaid That for the better Assessing Ordering and Levying of the severall Sumtnes of Money soe as aforesaid Unfitted and appointed to be paid and for the more effectuall putting of this present Act in execution the Persons named and appointed to be Commissioners by an Act of the last Parlyament Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Ayd of Two shillings in the Pound for One Yeare together with all the Members of this present House of Commons which were not named Commissioners in the said Act shall be Commissioners for putting in execution this present Act and the Powers therein contained within all and every the severall and respective Countyes Rideings Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places for which they shall be appointed Commissioners respectively And the said Commissioners in order to the speedy execution of this Act shall in their respective Countyes Rideings Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places meete together at the most usuall or common Place of Meeting within such of the said Countyes Rideings Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places respectively at or before the Tenth day of May One thousand six hundred and ninety And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the First generall Meeting or the major part of them may by their Consents and Agreements divide as well themselves as other the Commissioners not then present for the execution of this AS. in Hundreds Laths Wapentakes Rapes Wards Towns and other Places within their Limitts Priviledged or not Priviledged in such Manner and Forme as to them shall seeme expedient and shall direCl their severall or joynt Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants High Constables Petty Constables Bayliffes and other such like Officers and Ministers and such number of they [as they1] in their Discretions shall thinke most convenient to be Presenters and Assessors requireing them to appeare before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint not exceeding Eight dayes And at such their Appearances the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be thereunto appointed shall openly Rcadc or cause to be Read unto them the Rates in this Act mentioned and openly declare the Efted of their Charge unto them and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates according to the Rates aforesaid And shall then and there prefix another Day to the said Persons to appeare before the said Commissioners and bring in their Certificates of the Names and Sirnames Qualityes Degrees and Titles of all and every the Persons dwelling or resideing within the Limitts of those Places with which they shall be Charged and of the Substances and Values of every of them in Moneys Debts Annuall Fees Salaries Perquisites Wages Profits Emoluments and other things chargeable by this Act together with the Assessment of the respective Rates thereby Imposed on each particular Person according to the Rules and Directions thereof without Concealment Love Favour Dread or Malice upon paine of Forfeiture of any Summe not exceeding Five pounds to be Levyed as by this Act is appointed And shall alsoe then returne the Names of two or more able and sufficient Persons within the Bounds and Limitts of those Parishes or Places where they shall be charged respectively as aforesaid to be Collectors of the Money due to Their Majestyes by this Act for whose paying unto the Receiver Generali (to be appointed by Their Majestyes) their Deputy or Deputyes in manner following such Moneys as they shall be charged withall the Parish or Place by whome they shall be Employed shall be Answerable Which Certificates and Assesments shall be Ascertained and Returned in to the Comissioners at or before the First day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety And upon the Delivery or Returning in of such Certificates or Assessments unto the said Commissioners they or any two or more of them shall forthwith Issue out and Deliver their Warrants or Estreats to such Collectors as aforesaid for the speedy Collecting and Levying of the said Assesments and all Moneys and Rates due thereupon according to the Intent and Directions of this Act Of all which the said Collectors are hereby required to make Demand of the Parties themselves or at the Places of their last abode within Six dayes after the Receipts of such Warrants or Estreats and to Levy and Pay in the same on or before the Twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety at such Place as the Commissioners shall appoint unto the respective Receiver Generall his Deputy or Deputyes who are hereby Impowered and Required to call upon and hasten the Collectors to the said Payment And after the said Twentyeth day of June to Levy by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the Commissioners upon the Collector by Distresse such Summe and Summes of Money as he hath received and as ought by him to have beene paid and is not paid by reason of his failure in doeing his Duty according to the Direction of this Act

[Puovidf.d neverthelesse That all and every the Peeres who are to be Rated by Vertue of this Act for their Offices or personall Estates shall be Rated by Thomas Marquesse of Carmarthen Lord President of the Councill Henry Duke of Norfolke Earle Marshall of England Charles Duke of Somerset Henry Duke of Grafton Charles Duke of Bolton George Marquesse of Halifax William Earle of Devonshire Lord Steward of His Majesties Household Charles Earle of Shrewsbury Thomas Earle of Pembrooke John Earle of Clare John Earl of Mulgrave William Earle of Craven Daniell Earle of Nottingham Lawrence Earle of Rochester Charles Earle of Monmouth Francis Viscount Newport Henry Viscount Sydney Richard Viscount Lumley Henry Lord Bishop of London

XI.

Shares of New River, Thames, and other Water Works, as. in the Pound

Shares in the King's Printing Houjc, 2S. in the Pound j to be paid by the Governors, See.

XII.

Certain

Commissioners under i W. Sc M. Sess. 2. c. i. to be Commissioners under this Act.

General Meeting of

Commissioners

loth May 1690;

to direct Precepts to Inhabitants, Constables, &c. to attend;

and thereupon the Commissioners to read, &c. the Rates openly,

and prefix other Days for bringing in Certificates of Names, 3cc. of Persons residing within certain I.imits,

together with the Assessment j Penalty ag5.

and also the Names of Persons to be Collectors.

Payment to Receiver General.

Certificates and Assessments returned to Commissioners on 1 June 1690 ; and thereupon Commissioners to issue Warrants, &c. for collcding the Assessments, and Collectors to demand Payment accordingly within Six Days after Receipt of Warrant, and to levy and pay same on 20 June 1690, and if not paid then Distress upon Collector.

XIII.

By whom Peers are to be rated for their Offices and Personal Estate.

1 Kings O.

c interlined on the Roll.

2° Gul

A.D. 1689.

. 8c Mar. c. 2.

XIV.

Rates on Peers to be received by a Collector nominated by the Peers.

XV.

Duplicate of Sum charged within every Hundred,

&c.

returned into the Exchequer under the Hands and Seals of Commissioners before the 20th July 1690.

Appeals to be iirst determined, and like Duplicates delivered to Receivers General, and Money paid before 20th August 1690.

Commissioners may examine Presenters of Certificate, and if they have Cause to suspect that Property is of a greater YTaluc than represented, &c. Proceedings.

may

esquire, but not on Oath, into Value of Property assessed. Receiver General, 2d. in the Pound for what he pays into the Exchequer. Collectors 3d.

XVI. Commissioners Clerks 2d. per Pound.

Penalty. Commissioners

Persons assessed refusing to pay on Demand, Officer may distrain.

Proceedings

thereon.

Persons assessed not paying in Ten Days and where no sufficient Distress, Party imprisoned in the Common Gaol without Bail.

Persons aggrieved by Rate, &c. may complain to Commissioners.

Commissioners to meet to hear Complaints.

Thomas Lord Bishop of Rochester Gilbert Lord Bishop of Salisbury Edward Lord Bishop of Worcester Henry Lord Grey of Ruthin Charles Lord North and Grey James Lord Chandois John Lord Lovelace Henry Lord Herbert of Cherbury Robert Lord Lucas Charles Lord Granvill Charles Lord Cornwallis Peregrine Lord Keveton John Lord Ossulston George Lord Dartmouth Sydney Lord Godolphin Hugh Lord Cholmondley and John Lord Ashburnhain or any five of them and not otherwise and shall not be subjected to the Imprisonment of his or their Persons Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alsoe and it is hereby Declared That the severall Rates and Taxes to which the Lords and Peeres of this Realme shall be lyable by Vertue of this Act shall be received by a Collector to be Nominated by the Peeres which said Collector shall cause the same to be paid into His Majesties Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster upon or before the Twentyeth day of August One thousand six hundred and Ninety']

And bee it Enacted That a true Duplicate of the whole Suinme charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place Rated and Assessed in pursuance of this Act (without nameing the Persons) shall under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners thereunto appointed be returned into Their Majestyes

Exchequer before the Twentyeth day of July One Thousand six hundred and ninety (all Appeals being first

determined) And that like Duplicates be alsoe in convenient time made out and delivered unto the Receivers

Generali soe as every of them may be duly Charged to Answere their respective Collections and Receipts And

that the Money thereupon due be paid into Their Majesties Exchequer before the Twentyeth day of August One

thousand six hundred and ninety And upon Returne of any such Certificate the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall and may (if they see cause) examine the Presenters thereof And if the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them within the severall Limitts shall at the time of the delivery of the Certificates or Six days after have certaine knowledge or vehemently suspect that any Person or Persons who ought to be mentioned in the said Certificates is or are ommitted or that any Person or Persons in the said Certificate

mentioned is or are of a greater Value or Estate then in the said Certificate is mentioned the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall have power to warne such Person or Persons to appeare before them at a Day and Place prefixed to be Examined touching their Substance and Value or touching other matters which

may any wayes concerne the Premisses And if the Person or Persons warned to be soe Examined shall neglect

to appeare not haveing a reasonable Excuse for such his Default every Person soe makeing Default shall pay unto Their Majestyes double the Summe of the Rate he should or ought to have beene sett at And moreover the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall have power by all lawfull wayes and means without Oath to Examine and Esquire into the Value and Substance of such Persons as are soe Chargeable by this Act and to sett such Rate or Rates upon every such Person or Persons as shall be according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And the said Receiver Generali shall have an allowance of Two pence in the pound for all Moneys which shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer And that every Collector shall have Three pence in the pound for what Money he shall pay to the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes

And for the carefull Writeing and Transcribing the said Warrants Estreats and Duplicates in due time Bee it further Enacted That the Commissioners Clerks who shall respectively performe the same shall by Warrant under two or more of the Commissioners Hands have and recieve from the respective Receivers Generali their Deputy or Deputyes Two pence in the Pound of all such Moneys as he shall have received by vertue of such Warrants

and Estreats who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly And if any Person or Persons

shall refuse to pay the severall Summe and Summes and Proportions appointed by this Act for such Person to pay upon Demand made by the Officer or Collector of the Place according to the Precepts or Estreats to him delivered by the said Coiiiissioners It shall be lawfull to and for such Officer or Collector (who are hereby thereunto authorized anil required) for non-payment thereof to Distraine the Person or Persons soe refuseing by his or their Goods or Chattel Is and the Distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of Foure dayes at the Costs and Charges of the Owners thereof And if the said Owner doe not pay the Summe of Money due by this Act

within the said Foure dayes Then the said Distresse to be Appraised by three or two of the Inhabitants where

the said Distresse is taken and there to be sold by the said Officer for Payment of the said Money and the Overplus comeing by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the Charges of takeing and keeping the said Distresse to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof And if any Person or Persons Assessed by this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay the Summe or Summes soe Assessed by the space of Ten Dayes after Demand as aforesaid where noe such sufficient Distresse can or may be found whereby the same may be Levyed in every such Case three or more of the Commissioners by this Act appointed for any such City County or Place are hereby Authorized by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cominitt such Person or Persons to the common Gaole there to be kept without Baile or Mainprize untill Payment shall be made And if any Person Certified Assessed or Rated finde him or herselfe agrieved with such Assessing or Rateing and doe within Five dayes after Demand thereof made complaine to the said Coiiiissioners or any two or more of them (whereof one of the Coiiiissioners who Signed or Allowed his or her Rate to be one) shall and may within Five dayes next after such Complaint particularly Examine the Party soe complaining upon his or her Oath of his or her Personall Estate aforesaid and upon due Examination or knowledge thereof abate defalke increase or enlarge the said Assessment and the same soe abated increased or inlarged shall be Estreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid And to that end the said Commissioners are hereby required to meete together for the determining of such Complaints and Appeales accordingly

' annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule,

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 2.

161

And bee it further Enacted That every Person Rated for his Office Place or Publick Employment shall be Rated & pay for his said Office Place or Publick Employment in the Place where the said Office Place or Publick Employment is executed And every Person to be otherwise Rated shall be Rated and the Summe and Summes on him or her Sett and Levyed at such Places where he or she and with his or her Family shall be resident at the time of the execution of this Act And that all Persons not being Housholders nor haveing a certaine Place of abode and all Servants shall be Taxed at the Place where they are resident at the time of the execution of this Act

Provided alwayes That if any Person haveing severall Mansion Houses or Places of Residence shall be doubly charged by vertue of this Act that upon Certificate made by two or more of the Commissioners for the County City or Place (which Certificate the said Commissioners are required to give without delay Fee or Reward) of his or their last Personall Residence under their Hands and Seals of the Summe or Summes there charged upon him or them or in what Capacity or Respect he or they were soe charged and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Certificate shall be made (which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby authorized to Administer) then the Person and Persons soe doubly charged shall for soe much as shall be Certifyed be Discharged in every other County City or Place And if any Person at the time of the Assessing shall be out of the Realme such Person shall be Rated where such Person was last abideing within the Realme And if any Person that ought to be Taxed by vertue of this Act by changing his place of Residence or by Fraud or Covin shall escape from the Taxation and not be Taxed and the same proved before the Commissioners or two of them or two Justices of the Peace for the County where such Person dwelleth or resideth at any time within Six Months next ensueing after such lax made every Person that shall soe escape from the said Taxation and Payment shall be charged upon proofe thereof at the double value of soe much as he should or ought to have beene Taxed by this Act the said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners or Justices before whome such proofe shall be made to be Levyed of the Goods Lands and Tenements of such Persons towards the Supply aforesaid

And bee it further enacted That the Commissioners which shall be within any County or Place within their respective Limitts or the Major part of them shall Tax and Assesse every other Commissioner joyned with them and the Commissioners within their Division shall Assesse every Assessor within their Division and as well all Summs upon every of the said Commissioners and Assessors as the Assesments made and presented by the Presenters as aforesaid shall be Written Estreated Levyed and Gathered as it should and ought to have beene as if the said Commissioners had not beene named Commissioners Provided that this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guernsey for or concerning any such Personall Estate as aforesaid which they or any other to their use have in the places aforesaid

And bee it further Enacted That if any Assessor Collector Receiver or any other Person appointed by the Commissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this present Act the said respective Commissioners or any Three or more of them may and shall by vertue of this Act impose on such Person or Persons soe refuseing or neglecting their Duties any Fine not exceeding the Summe of Twenty pounds for any one Offence the same to be Levyed and Certified as aforesaid into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer and Charged upon the respective Receivers Generali amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid And the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them may or shall from time to time call for and require an Account from the respective Receivers Generali of all the Moneys received by them of the said Collectors and of the payment thereof into Their Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer according to the direction of this Act And in case of any Failure in the Premisses the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith Levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And in case of any Controversie ariseing betweene the said Commissioners concerning the said Rates or Assesments the Commissioners that shall be concerned therein shall have noe voice but shall withdraw dureing the Debate of such Controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners And all Questions and Differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assesments or Levyes shall be heard and finally determined by Two or more of the Commissioners upon Complaint thereof by them made by any Person or Persons thereby grieved without further trouble or Suite in Law And the said Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes shall give Acquittances gratis to the said Collectors for all Moneys of them recieved in pursuance of this Act which Acquittances shall be a full discharge to the said Collectors respectively And the said Collectors shall make and deliver to the said Receivers Generali their Deputy or Deputyes a perfect Schedule fairly written in Parchment under their Hands and Seals Signed and Allowed by any Two or more of the respective Commissioners containing the Names and Sirnames and Places of Abode of every Person within their respective Collection that shall make Default of Payment of any of the Summes that shall be Rated or Assessed on such Person by vertue of this Act and the Summe and Summes charged on every such Person the same to be by him Returned into Their Majestyes Exchequer whereupon every Person soe makeing Default of Payment may be Charged by Processe of the Court according to the Course thereof in that behalfe

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That noe Person shall by vertue of this Act be doubly charged for or in respect of severall Titles Honours and Degrees but that every such Person shall be* Charged and Assessed for such Title Honour or Degree onely as is highest Rated by this Act

XVII. Officers rated where their Office executed.

Other Person#, not being Householders, Sec. and Servants, where they live.

XVIII.

If Persons having several Mansions be doubly charged.

How such Persons discharged.

Persons out of the Realm rated at last Place of Abode.

Persons escaping from Taxation charged at double Value.

XIX.

Commissioners may assess other Commissioners and Assessors.

Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XX. Assessors and others appointed by Commissioners neglecting Duty, Penalty <£20 for any one Offence. Certified into Exchequer.

Commissioners from time to time to require Accounts from Receiver General, and, in case of Failure, Money to be levied. If any Controversy between Commissioners concerning Rates, Proceedings. Questions touching the Rates determined by Two or more Commissioners. Receiver General to give

Acquittances to Collectors gratis. Collectors to deliver to Receiver General a Schedule of Names, &c. of the Persons rated making Default, to be returned into the Exchequer.

XXI. Proviso against Double Charge in respect of Titles.

• Tt

A.D. 1689.

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 2.

XXII. Letters Patent from the Crown of Privileges, &c. or Non-obstantes, not to exempt from Payment of Assessment.

XXIII.

Constables, See. to aid in executing Warrants, See. of Commissioners.

XXIV. Where Actions, &c. commenccdagainst Persons executing Act, General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

XXV. Parents, &c. of Infants making Default to pay.

XXVI. Lodgers taxed at Place of Residence.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Letters Patents granted by the King and Queens Majestyes or any of Their Royall Progenitors or to be granted by Their Majestyes to any Person or Persons Cityes Burroughs or Townes Corporate within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions from Subsidies Tolls Taxes Assessments or Ayds shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Persons City Borough or Towne Corporate or any the Inhabitants of the same from the Burthen or Charge of any Summe or Summes of Money granted by this Act and all Non-obstantes in such Letters Patents made or to be made in barr of any Act or Acts of Parlyament for the Supply or Assistance of Their Majestyes are hereby declared to be void and of none effect Any such Letters Patents Grants or Charters or any Clause of Non obstante or any other Matter or Thing therein contained or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That all Constables Headburroughs Tythingmen and other Their Majestyes Officers shall and are hereby Required and Enjoyned to be respectively Aiding and Assisting in the execution of this Act and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalfe by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed or any two or more of them

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act such Person or Persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may plead the Generali Issue Not Guilty and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the speciall Matter in Evidence and if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained That the respective Parents Guardians and Tutors of every Person under the Age of One and twenty yeares shall upon Default of payment by such Person and upon Demand pay what is due and payable by this Act for every such Person resideing in their Family or under their Tuition and not exempted as before herein is mentioned

And bee it Enacted That all Persons not being Householders nor haveing a certaine Place of Abode shall be Taxed at the Place where they shall be resident

XXVII.

The Times and Manner in which Collectors to pay Monies collected under this Act.

XXVIII.

Collectors not obliged to travel above Ten Miles to make their Payments.

XXIX. Receiver General, within One Month, to give Commissioners a Receipt of Monies received by him.

Such Receipt to be a Discharge of the Hundred, &c.

XXX. Receiver General certifying Arrears where none are due, or unduly setting insuper;

Penalty, Treble Damages, and Forfeiture of double the Sum unduly certified.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Moneys due and payable by this Act shall be

paid by the particular Collectors of the respective Counties Cityes Burroughs Townes Parishes and Places who shall

Collect the same unto such Receiver Generali as shall by Their Majestyes be appointed to Recieve the same or to the Deputy or Deputyes of such Receiver Generali to be appointed under his Hand and Seale whereof Notice shall be given by the Receiver Generali unto the Commissioners or any two of them within their respective Divisions within Ten dayes after their Generali Meeting and soe from time to time within Ten dayes after every Death or Removeall of any Deputy (if any such shall happen) and the Receipt of such Receiver Generali his Dcputie or Deputies or any one of them shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector

And bee it further enacted That the particular Collectors for payment of any Summes by them recieved unto

such Receiver Generali or his Deputie shall not be obliged to travell above Ten Miles from the Place of their Habitations

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Receiver Generali from time to time within the space of One Month next after he shall have Recieved the full Summe that shall be charged upon any Hundred or Division for each particular Payment that is to be made to such Reciever Generali by vertue of this Act shall give to the Commissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a Receipt under his Hand and Seale acknowledging his Receipt of the full Summe Charged upon such Hundred and Division for such particular Payments which Receipt shall be a full Discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular Payments both against Their Majestyes Their Heires and Successors

And for the better preventing such unjust Vexations as might be occasioned by such Persons as shall be appointed Recievers Generali of any of the Sums of Money granted by this Act And to the intent the said Receivers Generali may Retume a true Accompt into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer of such Sumes of Money as shall be Recieved by them and every of them their and every of their Deputy and Deputyes Bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any such Reciever Generali shall Retume or Certifie into the said Court any Summe or Summes of Money to be in Arreare or Unpaid after the same hath beene recieved either by Reciever Generali or by his Deputie or Deputies or any of them or shall cause any Person or Persons to be sett Insuper in the said Court for any Summe or Summes of Money that hath beene soe recieved That then every (1) Reciever Generali shall forfeit to every Person and Persons that shall be Molested Vexed or Damaged by reason of such unjust Certificate Returne or Setting Insuper Treble the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned the said Damages to be Recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and shall alsoe forfeit to Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors double the Summe that shall be soe unjustly Certified or Returned or Caused to be Sett Insuper

• such O.

163

2° Gul. &Mar. c. 2.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners who shall be Imployed in the Execution of this Act shall be lyable for or by reason of such Execution to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the Five and twentyeth yeare of King Charles the Second for the Preventing of Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred for any Offences against this Act for which there is noe way of Levying herein before prescribed or appointed shall be Levyed by Warrant of any two or more of the respective Commissioners of the Division or Place where any such Offence was or shall be committed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the Offender rendring the Overplus to the Owner thereof after a Deduction of reasonable Charges for Distraining the same

And bee it further Enacted That the Commissioners in every County at a Generali Meeting to be by them appointed after all Appeales shall be first determined shall cause Duplicates of the whole Summe Charged within every Hundred Lathe Wapentake Parish Ward or Place Rated and Assessed in such County in pursuance of this Act without nameing the Persons to be fairely written in Parchment and ascertained under two or more of their Hands respectively to each Duplicate and the same soe by them subscribed and ascertained shall be joyntly and together delivered to the Sheriffe of such County and be by him transmitted to the Exchequer at or before the First day of November One thousand six hundred and ninety

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Person or Persons who by reason of the present Rebellion in Ireland are dispossest of their Estates in that Kingdome or have taken refuge in this Kingdome shall pay for their Polls or shall be Charged with or made lyable to pay any of the Summe or Summes intended to be paid by any Person or Persons in this Act mentioned Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding unlesse such Person or Persons being of above the Degree of a Baron shall have in the Kingdome of England an Estate of the clearc yearely Value of One thousand pounds or being of the Degree of a Baronet Knight Esquire or Gentleman shall have an Estate of the cleare yearely Value of Five hundred pounds in the Kingdome of England aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Papist or reputed Papist being of the Age of Sixteene yeares or upwards who shall not have taken the Oathes mentioned and required to be taken by an Act made in the first Session of the last Parlyament Entituled An Act for the Abrogating of the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oathes shall Yield and Pay unto Their Majestyes double the Summes and Rates which by Force or Vertue of any Clause in this Act before Mentioned or Contained he or she should or ought to pay or be Charged with to be Assessed Levyed and Collected Answered Recovered and Paid in such Manner by such Wayes and Means and according to such Rules and Directions and under

such Penalties and Forfeitures as are before in this Act Expressed or Appointed for and concerning the above

mentioned Rates and Summes which are hereby intended to be Doubled as aforesaid Provided neverthelesse That if any such Papist or reputed Papist within Ten dayes after the first Meeting of the said Commissioners in the

respective Counties or Places where he or she ought to be Taxed or Assessed according to the Intent of this

present Act shall take the said Oaths before two or more of the said Commissioners (which Oaths the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to Administer) that in such Case he or she shall not be lyable to be doubly Assessed as aforesaid

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Person being of the Age of Sixteene yeares or upwards and being within this Real me at the time of the execution of this Act who shall not before that time have taken the said Oaths mentioned and required by the said Act Entituled An Act for the Abrogating [of1] the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and Appointing other Oaths and upon Summons by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of one or more of the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall refuse to take the said Oaths at the time appointed in the said Warrant or shall neglect to appeare at such time before the Comissioners in order to take the said Oaths (which Oaths the said Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall yield and pay to Their Majestyes double the Summes and Rates which by force or vertue of any Clause in this Act before mentioned or contained he or she should or ought to pay or be Charged with in manner as is before in this Act appointed touching Papists or reputed Papists to be Assessed Levyed Collected Answered Recovered and Paid in such Manner by such Wayes and Means and according to such Rules and Directions and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are before in this Act expressed and

appointed for and concerning the above mentioned Rates and Summes which are hereby intended to be doubled as

aforesaid

And bee it further enacted That any one or more of the Comissioners appointed by this Act upon Information given or upon any Cause of Suspition in that behalfe shall and are hereby required and enjoyned to cause every Person suspected or against whome such Information shall be given to be Summoned to appeare and take the said Oaths as aforesaid

Provided neverthelesse That whereas certaine Persons (Dissenters from the Church of England commonly called Quakers) and now knowne to be such doe scruple the takeing of any Oath it shall be sufficient for every such Person to Make and Subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity contained in an Act made in the last Parliament

Entituled An Act for Exempting Their Majestyes Protestant Subjects Dissenting from the Church of England from

XXXI.

Commissioners not liable to Penalties of 25 Car. II. c. 2.

XXXII. Penalties, for the levying or which no Provision is made, to be levied by Distress under Warrant of Commissioners.

XXXIII.

Commissioners at General Meetings, after Appeals determined, to cause Duplicates of Sums levied to he written and delivered to Sheriff, and to beby him transmitted into the Exchequer 1 st Nov. 1690.

XXXIV. Proviso for Persons dispossessed of their Estates in Ireland, by reason of the Rebellion ; except certain Persons having Estates in England.

XXXV. Papists, or reputed Papists, of 16 Years and upwards, who have not taken the Oaths of 1 W.ScM. c. 8. to pay double.

Proviso for such Papists as within Ten Days after First Meeting of Commissioners shall take the said Oaths.

XXXVI. Ever)' Person of 16 Years and upwards, within the Realm, not taking the said Oaths as herein mentioned, and not appearing on Summons, to pay double.

XXXVII.

Commissioners suspeding such Persons may summon them to take the Oaths.

XXXVIII.

Proviso for Quakers.

1 W. & M. c. 18.

interlined on the Roll.

2° Gul. &Mak. c. 2, 3.

/i.D.ltisy.

XXXIX. Commissioner not to ad till he shall have taken the Oaths of i W.& M. Sess. i. c. 8. which the Commissioners acting may administer.

Rol. Pari. pi. i.

r,u. 5.

12 Car. II. c. 23.

Rates upon Beer, &c. given by J2 Car. II. c. 23. now given to the King and Queen for their Lives. Manner of levying as by former Acts.

n.

If their Majesties die, the said Duties given to their Successors till December 1693.

III.

Persons may lend <£250,000 at s£8 per Cent.

IV.

Three Parts in Four to be kept apart by the Commissioners of the Excise till December 1693, and the Money to be paid weekly into the Exchequer.

the Penalties of certaine Laws which Declaration any two or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act are hereby impowered and required to take and every such person soe doeing shall not be lyable to or chargeable with any of the double Rates aforesaid

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That noe Person shall be capable of Acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act before he shall take the Oaths appointed by an Act of the last Parlyament Intituled An Act for Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths (which Oaths it shall be Lawfull for any Two or more Commissioners to administer and they are hereby Required and Authorized to Administer the same to any other Comissioners.)']

CHAPTER III.

An Act for granting to their Majestyes for their Lives and the Life of the Survivour of them certaine Imposidons

upon Beere Ale and other Liquors.

THE Commons assembled in Parlyament duly considering how much it conduceth to the Safety Peace and Prosperity of a Kingdome that the publick Revenue thereof be in some Measure proportionable to the publicke Charges and with Thankfulnes and Admiration calling to remembrance his Majestyes glorious and successfull Undertakeing for the deliverance of the People of this Nation from Popery and Arbitrary Power have unanimously given and granted and doe hereby give and grant unto their Majestyes (whome God long preserve) the severall Rates Impositions Dutyes and Charges upon Beere Ale Cider and other Liquors mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of his late Majestie King Charles the Second Entituled A Grant of certaine Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for the Increase of his Majestyes Revenue dureing his Life and thereby granted to the said King for his Life (except such and soe much of them concerning which it is otherwise provided or ordained by any Act made in the last Parlyament) and doe most humbly beseech their Majestyes that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the severall Rates Duties and Impositions upon Beere Ale Cider and other Liquors aforesaid be levyed collected and paid unto their Majestyes dureing rheir Lives and the Life of the Survivor of them in the same manner and forme and at such places and by such rules wayes and means and under such penalties and forfeitures as are mentioned expressed and directed in and by the said Act and alsoe in and by another Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth yeare of the Raigne of his said late Majestie Entituled An Additionall Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise and preventing the Abuses therein or by any other Law now in force relateing to the said Revenue of Excise and that the aforesaid Acts and every Article Rule and Clause therein mentioned shall be of full force and effect to all intents and purposes dureing their Majestyes Lives and the Life of the Survivor of them in like Manner as if the same were particularly and at large recited and sett downe in the Body of this Act.

And whereas their Majestyes are contented and pleased that it be enacted That the Rates Impositions Duties and Charges by this Act given and granted to them as aforesaid should be made a Fond of Credit for the raising a Summe not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand pounds towards the reduceing of Ireland and carrying on the present Warr against the French King not doubting but that their good Subjects (in whose Love and dutyfull Affections their Majestyes are firmly perswaded the Strength and Glory of the Crowne doth principally consist) will in due Time make provision for the takeing off and discharging the said Anticipations Bee it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if it should happen (which God forbid) that their Majestyes should die before the foure and twentyeth day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety three That then the said severall Rates Impositions Duties and Charges shall be continued and shall be levyed collected and paid in manner aforesaid unto their Majesties Successors untill the said foure and twentieth day of December subject to and chargeable with the said Summe to be borrowed or raised as aforesaid

And for the (*) enabling their Majesties to borrow the said Summe for the Purposes aforesaid for which the said severall Rates Impositions Duties and Charges are intended to be a Security Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Person or persons Natives or Forreigners Bodies Politick or Corporate to advance and lend to their Majesties into the Receipt of the Exchequer upon the Credit of this Act any Summe or Summes of money not exceeding the Summe of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds in the whole and to have and receive for the forbearance of all such moneys as shall be lent before the tenth day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety Interest not exceeding the Rate of eight pounds per Centum per Annum And for what shall be lent after the said tenth day of June Interest not exceeding seven pounds per Centum per Annum

And to the end that all Moneys which shall be soe lent unto their Majesties may be well and sufficiently secured out of the Moneys ariseing and payable by this Act with [the3] Interest for the same not exceeding the respective Rates aforesaid Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the first day of November One thousand six hundred and ninety untill the said twenty fourth day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety three the Commissioners and Governors for the management of

1

« annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

the O.

5 O. omitc.

(2° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

165

the Receipt of Excise at the Head Office in London shall separate and keepe apart three parts (the whole in foure equall parts to be divided) of the Moneys ariseing by the Rates and Duties of Excise hereby granted as the same shall from time to time arise or be paid into the said Office of Excise by the Receivers or Collectors of the same or by any other person whatsoever And the Auditor and Comptroller of the Excise for the time being or their respective Deputies shall keepe a perfect and distinct Account in Bookes fairly written of the said three parts as the same shall come in: To which Books all persons concerned shall have free accesse at all

seasonable times without Fee or Charge And the said Commissioners and Governors of Excise for the time being are hereby required and strictly injoyned from time to time to pay weekly to witt on Wednesday in every Weeke if it be not a Holyday and if it be then the next day after that is not a Holyday the said three parts into the Receipt of their Majestyes Exchequer distinct and apart from the other Moneys which the said Commissioners and Governors of the Excise shall receive for their Majestyes use

And bee it further enabled by the authoritie aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in their Majesties Exchequer that is to say in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts one Booke in which all Moneys that shall

be paid into the Exchequer of or for the said three parts as aforesaid shall be entred apart and distinct from

all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majestyes upon any account whatsoever And that all and every person and persons Natives or Foreigners Bodies Politicke or Corporate who shall lend any Money to their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his or their Repayment bearing the same date with the Tally in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for Forbearance not exceeding the

respective Rates aforesaid for his or their Consideration to be paid every three Months untill Repayment of the

Principall And that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be registred in Course according to the date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in Course according as their Orders shall stand registred in the said Booke soe as that the person Native Or Forreigner his her or their Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his [herl] or their Order or Orders first entred in the said Booke shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by vertue of this Act And he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course And that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Parties their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever

And if the said Commissioners or Govemours of the Excise for the time being shall refuse or neglect to pay into the Exchequer the said three parts of the Money ariseing as aforesaid in such manner as they are before required or enjoyned to doe or shall divert or misapply any part of the same Then they for any such Offence

shall forfeit their Offices of Commissioners and Governours for the management of the Receipt of the Excise

and be uncapable of any Office or place of trust whatsoever and shall be lyable to pay the full Value of any Sumine or Summes soe diverted or misapplyed to any person or persons who will sue for the same by any Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster where noe Essoigne Protection Wager of Law or Priviledge or more then one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of their Majestyes Subjects for provideing or

inakcing of any such Books Registers Entryes View or Search as aforesaid or in or for the Payment of Money lent

or the Interest as aforesaid by any of their Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputies on paine of payment of treble Damages to the Partie grieved by the Partie offending with Costs of Suite Or if the Officer or Officers themselves take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose their Places alsoe And if any undue

preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the Partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Party grieved and shall be forejudged from their Places or Offices And if such preference be unduely made by any their Deputies or Clerks without direction or

privity of the Officer or Officers then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages

and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not direct

the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make Payment according to each persons due Place and

Order as aforedirefted then he or they shall be judged to forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All wrhich said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid or any their Deputies or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided ahvayes and bee it hereby declared That if it happen that severall 1 alleys of Loane or Orders for payment as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred then it shall be interpreted noe undue preference which of those he enters first soe he enters them all the same day Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any Penaltie in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that

come and demand their Money and bring their Order in their Course soe as there be soe much Money reserved

as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them (Interest upon Loane

being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Bank for them)

1 interlined on the Roll.

and distinct Accounts thereof kept and to be viewed without Fee.

Weekly Payments of Excise into the Exchequer.

V.

Tally, Order, &c. granted to Lenders.

Order for Repayment registered and paid in course.

Monies raised under this Act liable to Lenders.

VI.

Commissioners neglecting to pay or misapplying Monies;

Punishment.

Officer or Deputy taking Fee for Books, Entry, &c.

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer;

Punishment.

By Deputy

Punishment.

Auditor, &c. not direfling or making Payment;

Penalty. Penalties how recovered.

VII.

Payment of any Tally of same Date first, or of subsequent Orders first demanded, no undue Preference.

Proviso.

U u

A.D. 16S9.

VIII.

Orders for Monies how assignable.

Memorial of Assignment without Fee.

Assignee may assign.

IX. i Jac. II. c. i.

repealed.

X.

This A & not to extend to

r W. & M. Sess. 2. c- 3-

XL

Their Majesties may settle .£20,000 per Annum upon Princess Anne.

First and other Payments when to be made.

XU.

Their Majesties may settle £20,000 per Annum upon Prince George, &c. if Princess Anne die before Their Majesties.

XIII.

Letters Patents for the said £20,000 good, notwithstanding Misrecital, &c.

Rot. Parl. pt. I.

nu. 6.

(2° Gul. & Mar. c. 3, 4.

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any Moneys shall be due by Vertue of this Act after Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsment of his Order may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefit of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke or Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefit thereof and payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignments to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof

Provided neverthelesse and bee it enatted That an Act of Parlyament made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the late King James the Second Entituled An Act for Setleing the Revenue on his Majestic for Life which was setled on his late Majesty for his Life shall be and is hereby repealed and made void And that noe Article Clause or Thing therein contained from henceforth shall be or be construed to be of any force or effect whatsoever

Provided neverthelesse That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to repeale or alter an Act made in the last Session of the Parlyament held in the first yeare of their Majesties Raigne Entituled An Act for Preventing all Doubts and Questions concerning the Collecting the publique Revenue but that the same shall have Continuance and be in force untill the twenty fifth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And whereas the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes are graciously pleased out of their Princely Care and great Love and Affection to their intirely beloved Brother and Sister the Prince and Princesse Anne of Denmarke to make a further Provision for the better Maintenance and Support of the said Prince and Princesse

their Issue and Children and of their State and Dignitie Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall

and may be lawfull for the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by their Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England hereafter to be made to give and grant unto the said Princesse Anne of Denmarke the yearely Rent or Summe of twenty thousand pounds of lawfull Money of England to be issueing out of the Impositions and Duties of the Excise hereby given and granted or out of any part thereof to have and to hold to the said

Princesse Anne of Denmarke for her Life dureing the Lives of their Majestyes and the Life of the longest Liver

of them (freed from the Loans by this AC! to be made) to be paid to the said Princesse or her use at the foure most usuall Feasts in the Yeare that is to say Saint Michaell the Archangell the Nativity of our Lord Christ the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary and the Nativity of St John Baptist by equall Portions The first payment to beginne and be made on the Feast of the Nativity of St John Baptist now next ensueing and the same and all [other1] succeeding payments to be made and paid out of the Receipt of the Exchequer or by and from the immediate Hands of all and every the Farmers Commissioners Sub Commissioners Treasurers Recievers or Collectors for the time being respectively of the said Impositions and Dutyes of Excise hereby given and granted with such Fees for the payment of the same or without as their Majesties by the said Letters Patents shall direct and appoint and that the Acquittance of the said Princesse or of her Reciever Generali from time to time shall be a good discharge for the payment thereof

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if it shall happen that the said Princesse shall depart this Life in the Life-time of their Majesties or either of them that it shall be likewise lawfull for their Majesties by the said Letters Patents to give grant and liinitt the said yearely Summe of twenty thousand pounds to the said Prince of Denmarke and the Issue and Children of the said Princesse Anne of Denmarke respectively in such proportions as their Majestyes by the said Letters Patents shall limitt appoint and direct the same to be held and enjoyed by the said Prince of Denmarke and the Issue and Children of the said Princesse Anne of Denmarke respectively yearely and by quarterly payments dureing the Lives of their Majesties and the Life of the longest Liver of them and noe longer

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every the Clauses Articles and Limitation5 to be contained in their said Majestyes Letters Patents hereafter to be made as aforesaid for or concerning their Majesties granting conveying and setleing of the said yearely Summe of twenty thousand pounds unto the said Prince and Princesse Anne of Denmarke their Issue and Children respectively as aforesaid or of for or concerning the yearely or quarterly payments thereof and every Clause and Article therein contained shall be and are hereby enacted to be good and efte&uall in Law according to the tenour and purport thereof in the said Letters Patents to be expressed any misrecitall nonrecitall ommission or other defect in the said Letters Patents hereafter to be made in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for granting to Their Majesties a Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable

upon Merchandizes Exported and Imported.

THE Commons assembled in Parlyament reposeing Trust and Confidence in your Majestyes for the guarding and defending of the Seas against all persons who shall attempt to invade this your Real me or to disturbe your Subjects in their Trade and Commerce towards the defraying the necessary Charge thereof And alsoe for

‘ interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1689.

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 4.

167

the better enabling your Majestyes to prosecute the present Warr against the French King and for the reduccing of Ireland with speede and vigour have chearfully and unanimously given and granted and doe hereby give and grant unto your Majesty es the Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes (1) given and granted unto his late Majestie King Charles the Second for his Life by an Act of Parlyament made in the Twelfth yeare of his

Raigne Entituled A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of Money

payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported according to the Rates in the said Act mentioned and Rules and Orders thereunto annexed (other then such concerning which it is otherwise provided or ordained by any

Act made in the last Parliament) And doc most humbly beseech your Majesties That it may be enacted And bee

it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authorise of the same That the aforesaid Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize be levyed collected and paid unto their Majestyes for the Terme of Foure yeares to commence and be computed from the foure and twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety And that the aforesaid Act and every Article Rule and Clause therein mentioned And alsoe an Order of the Commons in Parliament assembled made in pursuance of the Rules and Orders annexed to the aforesaid Act for setleing of Officers Fees dated the seventeenth of May one thousand six hundred sixty two and signed by Sir Edward Turner then Speaker shall be of full force and effect to all intents and purposes dureing the said Terme of foure yeares as fully and in like manner as if the same were particularly and at large recited and sett downe in the Body of this Act

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That an Act of Parlyament made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of the said King Charles the Second Entituled An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of his Majestyes Customs and Subsidies As alsoe an Act made in the fourteenth yeare of the Raigne of the said late King Entituled An Act for preventing Frauds and regulateing Abuses in his Majesty's Customs And alsoe an Act made in the two and twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of the said late King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for Improvement of Tillage and the Breed of Catle And alsoe one other Act made in the twenty fifth yeare of the Raigne of the said late King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for takeing of Aliens Duties upon Commodities of the Growth Product and Manufacture of the Nation And alsoe one other Act made in the said twenty fifth yeare of the said [late*] King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades and for the better secureing the Plantation Trade And alsoe one other Act made in the first yeare

of the late King James the Second Entituled An Additionall Act for the Improvement of Tillage be of full force

and effect dureing the said terme of foure yeares

Provided neverthelesse and bee it declared and enacted That nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to determine any Articles or Clauses in any of the before mentioned Acts which were appointed and intended to be perpetuall but that the same and every of them shall continue and remaine in force as if this present Act

had not beene made But such of the said Acts and such Clauses in any of them as were temporary shall hereby

be revived and stand continue and be in force for the said terme of foure yeares onely and noe longer

And whereas their Majestyes are contented and pleased That the Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage and other the Duties aforesaid should be made a [Fond1] of Credit in confidence that their good Subjects will in due time

make provision for takeing off the anticipation thereof Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and

may be lavvfull to and for any person or persons Natives or Foreigners Bodies Pollitick or Corporate to advance

and lend to their Majesties in the Receipt of their Exchequer upon the credit of this Act any summe or summes

of money not exceeding the summe of five hundred thousand pounds in the whole and to have and recieve for the forbearance of all such moneys as shall be lent before the tenth day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety Interest not exceeding the Rate of eight pounds per Centum per Annum and for what shall be lent after the said tenth day of June Interest not exceeding seven pounds per Centum per Annum

And to the end that all moneys which shall be soe lent unto their Majestyes may be well and sufficiently secured out of the moneys ariseing and payable by this Act with Interest for the same not exceeding the respective Rates aforesaid Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the first day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety dureing the continuance of this Act there shall be continued and be within the City of London an Office for the generall Receipt of all the Subsidies and other Sums by this Act granted into which Office all the moneys ariseing by the same either within the Port of London or in the Out-Ports or elsewhere shall be well and truely answered and paid unto the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers Generall for that purpose appointed or to be appointed by their Majestyes their lieires or Successors which said Receiver or Receivers Generall is and are hereby directed and required from time to time at the said Office to separate and keepe apart three parts (the whole in foure equall parts to be divided) of the whole Receipt of the said moneys (as the same shall from time to time become due and be paid into the said Office by the severall Receivers Collectors or any others who are or shall be employed to pay the same) which shall remaine from time to time after the Payments which shall be made thereout by vertue of any Laws now in force upon Debentures for Goods that are or shall be reshipt or for Come exported or for Discounts upon Bonds where Discounts are allowable by Law and of such allowances for damaged Goods and of Bills of Portage as have usually beene made and the Comptroller Generall of the accounts of the Customs for the time being is hereby alsoe required and commanded to keepe a perfect and distinct account in Books fairly written of the said three parts its the same shall come in to which Books all persons concerned shall have free accesse at all seasonable times without Fee or Charge and

1 of Money 0.

J Fund O.

12 Car. II. c. 4.

Tonnage and Poundage given to the King for Four Years.

The said Act and an Order of the Commons annexed thereto, dated 17 May 1662, in force.

II.

12 Car. II. c. 19. 14 Car. II. c. I f. 22 Car. II. c. 13. 25 Car. II. c. 6. 25 Car. II. c. 7.

1 Jac. II. c. 19. continued for Four Years.

m.

Proviso for Clauses in the said Acts which were* intended to be made perpetual.

IV.

Persons may lend >£500,000 to the Crown on Credit of the said Duties,

Interest at per Cent, per Ann.

V.

Office to be kept in London for Receipt of the said Duties. Receiver General to separate three Parts in Four after Debentures, See. paid.

Distinct Accounts kept of the said Three Parts.

* interlined on the Roll.

2° Gul. & Mar. c.4.

A.l). 16'89.

Weekly Payment into the Exchequer.

VI.

Tally, Order, &c. granted to Lenders.

Orders for Repayment registered and paid in course.

Monies raised under this Act liable to Lenders.

Receiver neglecting to pay, or misapplying Monies

Punishment.

Officer or Deputy taking Fee for Entry, &c.

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer;

Punishment.

By Deputy

Punishment.

Auditor, &c. not directing or making Payment;

Penalty.

Penalties how recovered.

VII. Payment of any Tally of the same Date or of subsequent Orders first demanded, no undue Preference.

Proviso.

VIII. Order for Monies how assignable.

Memorial of Assignment without Fee.

the said Receiver or Receivers Generali is and are hereby required and strictly enjoyned from time (') to pay weekly to witt on Wednesday in every' Weeke unlesse it be a Holy-day and if it be then the next day after that is not a Holy-day the said three parts of all such moneys as aforesaid into the Receipt of their Majestyes Exchequer distinct and apart from the other moneys which he or they shall receive for their Majestyes use

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in their Majestyes Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts one Booke in which all moneys that shall be paid into the F.xchequer of or for the said parts as aforesaid shall be entred apart and distinct from all other moneys paid or payable to their Majestyes upon any account whatsoever and that all and every person and persons Natives or Foreigners Bodies Politickc or Corporate who shall lend any money to their Majestyes upon the Credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the F.xchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his or their Repayment bearing the same date with the Tally in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for forbearance not exceeding the respective Rates aforesaid for his or their consideration to be paid every three months untill Repayment of his Principal! and that all Orders for Repayment of money shall be registred in course according to the date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand registred in the said Booke soe as [that *] the Person Native or Forreigner his her or their Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his her or their Order or Orders first entred in the said Booke shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the moneys to come in by vertue of this Act And he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid and soe successively and in course And that the moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective Parties their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever And if the said Receiver or Receivers Generali for the time being shall refuse or neglect to pay into the Exchequer the said three parts of the money ariseing as aforesaid in such manner as he or they are before required or enjoyned to doe or shall divert or

misapply any part of the same then he or they for any such offence shall forfeit his or their Office of

Reciever or Recievers Generali and be uncapable of any Office Imployment or Place of Trust whatsoever and shall be lyable to pay the full value of any Sunnne or Summes soe diverted or misapplied to any person or persons who will sue for the same by any Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Wager of Law' or Priviledge or more then one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any their Majestyes Subjects for providing or makeing of any such Books Registers Entryes View' or Search as aforesaid or in or for the Payment of Money lent or the Interest as aforesaid by any of their Majesties Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputies on paine of payment of treble Damages to the parrie grieved by the partie offending with Costs of Suite Or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee

or Reward then to lose his place alsoe And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made

either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the Value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the partie grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office And if such Preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or C.lerke without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall [for ever after be3] uncapable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not direCl the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make Payment according to each persons due Place and Order as aforedireCled then he or they shall be judged to forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid or any their Deputies or Clerks shall [and may1] be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallys of Loane or Orders for

payment as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred

then it shall be interpreted noe undue preference which of those he enters first soe he enters them all the same day Provided alsoe That it shall r.ot be interpreted any undue Preference to incurr any Penalty in point of payment

if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that

come and demand their Money and bring their Order [before other persons that did not come to demand their Money and bring their Order1] in their course soe as there be soe much Money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them (Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Bank for them)

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any Moneys shall be due by [vertue of *] this Act after Order entered in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsment of his Order may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefit of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such

• to time 0.

c interlined on the Roll.

3 be for ever 0.

A.D.\6S9.

c. 4, 5.

169

Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefit thereof and payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties And afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignments to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof

And whereas in an Act made in the first Session of the last Parliament Entituled an Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France there is contained a certaine Clause or Provisoe whereby it is enacted That Gilbert Heathcote and Arthur Shallet of London Merchants or either of them have leave to import into the Port of London any Quantity of Spanish Brandy not exceeding two hundred Tuns at most paying to their Majesties all Duties payable upon the same before the said Session of Parliament aforesaid importing the same at or before the five and twentyeth day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety And forasmuch as for want of Convoy the said Gilbert Heathcote and Arthur Shallet have not beene able to send out such Goods as they have provided for Spaine nor to bring home their said Brandy from thence and the time limited by the said Act for importing the said Brandy is now neare expireing Bee it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said Gilbert Heathcote and Arthur Shalcote or either of them have leave to import the said two hundred Tunns of Spanish Brandy into the said Port of London at or before the first day of November next under the same Conditions Restrictions and Limitations as in the said Act for that purpose are mentioned and expressed and noe other.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Rent in case the Rent be not paid in a reasonable time.

WHEREAS the most ordinary and ready way for Recovery of Arrears of Rent is by Distresse yet such Distresses not being to be sold but onely detained as Pledges for inforceing the payment of such Rent the persons distraining have litle benefit thereby For the remedying whereof Bee it enacted and ordained by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same That from and after the first day of June in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety That where any Goods or Ghattells shall be distrained for any Rent reserved and due upon any Demise Lease or ContraA whatsoever and the Tenant or Owner of the Goods soe distrained shall not within Five dayes [next1] after such Distresse taken and notice thereof (with the cause of such takeing) left at the chiefe Mansion House or other most notorious place on the Premisses charged with the Rent distrained for replevy the same with sufficient Security to be given to the Sheriffe according to Law' That then in such Case after such Distresse and Notice as aforesaid and expiration of the said five dayes the person distraining shall and may with the Sheriffe or UnderSheriffe of the County or with the Constable of the Hundred Parish or place where such Distresse shall be taken (who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein) cause the Goods and C.hattells soe distrained to be appraized by two sworne Appraizers (whome such Sheriffe Under Sheriffe or Constable are hereby impowred to sweare) to appraize the same truely according to the best of their Understandings and after such appraisment shall and may lawfully sell the Goods and Chattells soe distrained for the best price can be gotten for the same towards satisfaction of the Rent for which the said Goods and Chattells shall be distrained and of the Charges of such Distresse Appraisment and Sale leaveing the Overplus (if any) in the Hands of the said Sheriffe Under Sheriffe or Constable for the Owners use

And whereas noe Sheaves or Cocks of Come loose or in the Straw or Hay in any Bame or Granary or on any Hovell Stack or Rick can by the Law be distrained or otherwise secured for Rent whereby Landlords are oftentimes cousened and deceived by their Tenants who sell their Come Graine and Hay to Strangers and remove the same from the Premisses chargeable with such Rent and thereby avoid the payment of the same Bee it further enacbed by the authoritie aforesaid That for remedying the said practice and deceit It shall and may from and after the said first day of June be lawfull to and for any person or persons haveing Rent Arreare and Due upon any such Demise Lease or Contract as aforesaid to seize and secure any Sheaves or Cocks of Corne or Come loose or in the Straw or Hay lying or being in any Barne or Granary or upon any Hovell Stack or Rick

or otherwise upon any part of the Land or [Groundl] charged with such Rentand to locke up or detaine the

same in the place where the same shall be found for or in the nature of a Distresse untill the same shall be replevyed upon such Security to be given as aforesaid and in default of replevying the same as aforesaid within the time aforesaid to sell the same after such appraisment thereof to be made soe as neverthelesse such Come Graine or Hay soe distrained as aforesaid be not removed by the person [orJ] persons distraineing to the damage of the Owner thereof out of the place where the same shall be found and seized but be kept there (as impounded) untill the same shall be replevyed or sold in default of replevying the same within the time aforesaid

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That upon any Pound breach or Rescous of Goods or Chattells distrained for Rent the person or persons grieved thereby shall in a speciall Action upon the Case for the Wrong thereby sustained recover his and their treble Damages and Costs of Suite against the Offender or Offenders in any such Rescous or Pound-Breach any or either of them or against the Owners of the Goods

distrained in case the same be afterwards found to have come to his use or possession

1 interlined on the Roll. 8 Pound O. 3 and O.

Assignee may assign.

X.

i W. & M. Seta. i. c. 34.

Heathcote and Shallett may import 200 T uns of Brandy before ist Nov. next.

Rot. Parl. pt. I. nu. 7.

Good* distrained for Rent may be appraised and sold, if not replevied with sufficient Security.

II.

Sheaves or Cocks of Com loose,

&c. or Hay, in any Barn, &c. may be detained, and if not replevied, sold.

Com, &c. not to be removed by Person distraining, to the Damage of Owner, from the Place where seized.

III.

Pound-breach or Rescous,

Treble Damages and Costs.

A.D. 1689.

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 5—7.

IV.

Wrongful Distress, Double Damages and full Costs.

Provided alwayes and Bee it further enacted That in case any such Distresse and Sale as aforesaid shall be made by vertue or colour of this present Act for Rent pretended to be arreare and due where in truth noe Rent is arreare or due to the person or persons distraining or to him or them in whose Name or Names or Right such Distresse shall be taken as aforesaid That then the Owner of such Goods or Chattells distrained and sold as aforesaid his Executors or Administrators shall and may by Action of Trespasse or upon the Case to be brought against the person or persons soe distraining any or either of them his or their Executors or Administrators recover double of the value of the Goods or Chattells soe distrained and sold together with full Costs of Suite.

Hot. Parl.pt. J.

nu. 8.

i W. Sc M. Sets. 2. c. 2.

The Queen shall

fovem in the king's Absence, in the Names of their Majesties.

The King's Acts in his Absence good.

The passing this Act or the King's Absence not to dissolve the Parliament.

U.

King, when in England, to have the sole Administration of Regal Power.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for the Exercise of the Government by her Majestie dureing his Majestyes Absence.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parlyament made in the first yeare of their Majestyes Raigne Intituled An Act Declareing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject and Setleing the Succession of the Crowne It is amongst other things enacted established and declared That the Crowne and regall Government of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland and the Dominions thereunto belonging shall be and continue to their said Majestyes and the Survivour of them dureing their Lives and the Life of the Survivor of them and that the entire perfect and full Exercise of the Regall Power and Government be onely in and executed by his Majestie in the Names of both their Majestyes dureing their joynt Lives And whereas the King's most excellent Majestie hath resolved to make a Royall Voyage and goe in Person into Ireland for the speedy and effectual reduceing of the Kingdome to its due Obedience to their Majestyes and hath likewise declared his pleasure to leave the Administration of the Government in the Hands of the Queens most excellent Majestie dureing his Absence out of this Kingdome Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That whensoever and as often as it shall happen that his said Majestie shall be absent or continue out of this Realme of England It shall and may be lawfull for the Queens Majestie to exercise and administer the Regall Power and Government of the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and the Plantations and Territories thereunto belonging in the Names of both their Majestyes for such time onely dureing their joynt Lives as his said Majestie shall be absent or continue out of this Realme of England any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding Provided always That nothing in this Act shall be taken or construed to exclude or debarr his Majestie dureing such his absence out of this Realme from the Exercise or Administration of any Act or Acts of Regall Power or Government within this Realme the Kingdome of Ireland or any other their Majestyes Dominions whatsoever But that all and every such Act and Acts shall be as good and effectuall as if his Majestie was within this Realme and shall not be contradicted or controlled but by his Majestie onely And that neither the passing of this Act nor his Majestys Royall Voyage or Absence out of this Realme shall be any way taken or construed to dissolve this present Parliament or avoid or determine any Commission or Commissions which have beene or shall be granted by his or their Majesties Nor to avoid any other Act or Acts of Government executed or to be executed by his Majestie.

Provided always That as often as his Majesty shall returne into this Kingdome of England the sole Administration of the Regall Power and Government thereof and all the Dominions Territories and Plantations thereunto belonging or annexed shall be in his Majestie onely as if this Act had never been made.

Rot. Parl. pt. j. nu. 9.

Recital of Claim of the Lord Wardens to nominate a Member for each Port.

Such Nomination void.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act to Declare the Right and Freedome of Election of Members to serve in Parlyament for the Cinque-

Ports.

WHEREAS the Election of Members to serve in Parlyament ought to be Free And whereas the late Lord Wardens of the Cinque Ports have pretended unto and claimed as of Right a Power of Nominating and Recommending to each of the said Cinque Ports the two antient Townes and their respective Members one person whome they ought to elect to serve as a Baron or Member of Parlyament for such respective Port antient Towne or Member contrary to the antient Usage Right and Freedome of Elections Bee it therefore declared and enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That all such Nominations or Recommendations were and are contrary to the Laws and Constitutions of this Realme and for the future shall be soe deemed and construed and hereby are declared to have beene and are void to all intents and purposes whatsoever any pretence to the contrary notwithstanding.

' annexed to the Original Act in separate Schedules

A.D. 1689.

171

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 8.

chapter vni.

An Act for Reversing the Judgment in a Quo Warranto against the City of London and for Restoreing the City Rot. par/, pt. i.

of London to its antient Rights and Priviledges.

nu. io.

WHEREAS a Judgement was given in the Court of Kings Bench in or about Trinity Terme in the five judgment of the

and thirtyeth yeare of the Raiene of the late King Charles the Second upon an Information in the £ourf King's

Bench in a Quo

nature of a Quo Warranto exhibited in the said Court against the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the Warranto against

City of London That the Liberty Priviledge and Franchise of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens being ^c*

a Body Politicke and Corporate should be seized into the Kings Hands as forfeited. And forasmuch as the said Trinity Term

Judgement and the Proceedings thereupon is and were illegall and arbitrary And for that the Restoreing of the 35 Car- IK recited.

said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to their antient Liberties of which they had beene deprived tends very

much to the Peace and good Setlement of this Kingdome Bee it declared and enacted by the King and Queens The said

most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons ajj ^judgments

in this present Parliament assembled and by authorise of the same That the said Judgement given in the said

Court of Kings Bench in the said Trinity Terme in the five and thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of the said King

Charles the Second or in any other Terme And all and every other Judgement given or recorded in the said

Court for the seizing into the [said'] late Kings Hands the Liberty Priviledge or Franchise of the Mayor and

Commonaltie and Citizens of the City of London of being of themselves a Body Corporate and Politick by the

Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London and by that Name to plead and be

impleaded and to answere and to be answered or in what manner or words soever such Judgement was entred is

shall be and are hereby reversed annulled and made void to all intents and purposes whatsoever and that Vacats Vacates to be

be entred upon the Rolls of the said Judgement for the Vacating and Reversall of the same accordingly entered on the Roll.

And bee it further declared and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Mayor and Commonaltie and Mayor>

Citizens of the City of London shall and may for ever hereafter remaine continue and be and prescribe to be a ^*c City of

Body Corporate and Politick in re facto et nomine by the Name of Mayor and Commonaltie and Citizens of a Corporation; the City of London and by that Name and all and every other Name and Names of Incorporation by which they at any time before the said Judgement were incorporated to sue plead and be impleaded and to answere and to be answered without any Seizure or Forejudger of the said Franchise Liberty and Priviledge or being thereof excluded or ousted for or upon any pretence of any Forfeiture or Misdemeanour at any time heretofore or hereafter to be done committed or suffered And the said Mayor and Commonaltie and Citizens of the said City shall and and to enjoy the may as by Law they ought peaceably have and enjoy all and every their Rights Gifts Charters Grants Liberties t^e

Priviledges Franchises Customs Usages Constitutions Prescriptions Immunities Markets Duties Tolls Lands Tenements time of the said Estates and Hereditaments whatsoever which they lawfully had or had lawfull Right Title or Interest of in or to JuilSment-

at the time of the recording or giveing the said Judgment or at the time or times of the said pretended

Forfeitures

III.

And bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide That all Charters Letters Patents and Grants for incorporating Grants, &c. by the Citizens and Commonaltie of the said City or any of them and all Charters Grants Letters Patents and 8inc* the 5aid Commissions touching or concerning any of their Liberties or Franchises or the Liberties Priviledges Franchises Judgment, void. Immunities Lands Tenements and Hereditaments Rights Title or Estates of the Mayor and Commonaltie and Cidzens of the City of London made or granted to any person or persons whatsoever by the late King Charles

the Second since the said Judgement given or by the late King James the Second be and are hereby declared

and adjudged null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever

Provided neverthelesse That noe Recoveries Verdicts Judgments Statutes Recognizances Inquisitions Indi&ments RCCOVCri^ &c in

Presentments Informations Decrees Sentences Executions nor any Plaints Processe or Proceedings in Law or Equity the Mayor's Court,

had made given taken or done or depending in the Mayor or either of the Sheriffes Courts or any other Court

within the said City or Liberties thereof since the said Judgement given shall be avoided for want or defied of any

legal I Power in those that acted as Judges Justices Officers or Ministers of in or as belonging to any of the said

Courts But that all and every such Recoveries Verdicts Judgments and other things above mentioned and the

Adings Doeings and Proceedings thereupon shall be of such and noe other force effect and vertue then as if such

Judges Justices Officers and Ministers had acted by vertue of legall authority and that noe person or persons shall

be in any wise prosecuted sued impeached or molested for any cause or thing by him or them lawfully acted or

done in pursuance of any such Charters Letters Patents Grants or Commissions Provided that this Act shall not Persons not having

r , . qualified to act

extend to discharge any person or persons from any penalty or penaltyes or forfeitures by nun or them incurred upon the said

for not duely qualifying him or themselves to ad upon the said Charters Letters Patents Grants or Commissions t??Cnalti«C*

And bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Officers and Ministers of the said City that rightfully V.

held any Office or Place in the said City or Liberties thereof or in the Burrough of Southwarke at the time ° the Time'of°g when the said Judgement was given are hereby confirmed and shall have and enjoy the same as fully as they the Judgment, held them at the time of the said Judgement given except such as have voluntarily surrendred any such Office pxception. or Place or have beene removed for any just Cause and that every person who since the said Judgement given officer* chosen, hath beene chosen admitted and placed into any Office or Imployment within the said City upon the Death &c- "ncc t,e sa,d Surrender or Removeall as aforesaid of the former Officer shall be and is hereby confirmed in his said Office confirmed, or Employment and shall have and enjoy the same in as full and ample manner as if he had beene admitted or placed therein according to the antient Customs of the said City

• interlined on the Roll.

s1.D.\689.

VI.

Leases, Grants, &c. made since the said Judgment, good;

and the Mayor, &c. to have the Benefit thereof.

VII.

Judgments, &c. obtained by Trustees for Lands, &c. of the said Corporation to remain in force.

Freedoms obtained since the said Judgment, good.

VIII.

The present Mayor, &c. to continue till new Election.

New Election of Mayor, Sheriffs, and Chamberlain, to be made on the 26th May 1690 ; of Common Council 10th June.

IX.

If Election not made in time, Mayor, Sec. at the time of the Judgment, to coutinuc till new Elc&ion.

X.

Persons restored, &c. to take Oaths required by 1 W. Sc M. Sess. 1. c.8.

XI.

Mayor, &c. to be sworn as usual.

XII.

Companies

restored.

Surrenders and Charters for new Incorporation by Car. II. and Jac.II. since the said Judgment, void.

Proviso against Prosecutions in consequence of acting thereon.

XIII. Leases, See. by the said Companies, made since the Judgment, good.

2° Gul. & Mar. c.8.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the authoririe aforesaid That all Leases and Grants of any of the Lands Tenements Hereditaments and other things before the time of the said Judgement given belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens and usually leased or granted by them made since the time of the said Judgment given by the said late King Charles the Second or King James the Second or by any person or persons takeing upon them to be Trustees for the said City for the preservation or maintenance of the Government or publick Offices of the said City by or upon pretence of any Grant or Commission by their said late Majesties King Charles the Second and King James the Second or either of them such Grants and Leases being made for just good and valuable considerations and whereupon the old accustomed yearely Rent or more hath beene reserved payable into the Chamber or Bridgehouse or any of the Hospitalls of the said City shall be as good and valid for the Terms and under the Rents Payments Provisoes Conditions Covenants and Agreements therein respectively contained against the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City and their Successors as if the same had beene made by the Mayor and Comonaltie and Citizens of the said City under their Common Seale and the said Judgment had never beene given and not otherwise And the said Mayor and Commonaltie and Citizens and their Successors shall have the benefit and advantage of all Rents Reservations Payments Conditions Covenants Clauses and Agreements in every such Grant or Lease contained and the like Remedy for Non-payment Breach or Nonobservance thereof as if the said Grants or Leases had beene made by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens and the said Rents Payments Conditions Covenants Clauses and Agreements had beene made payable reserved covenanted or agreed to and with the said Mayor and Commonaltie and Citizens

And bee it further enacted by the authoririe aforesaid That all Judgements Decrees and Sentences had or obtained by any person or persons takeing upon them to be Trustees as aforesaid for or concerning any Lands Tenements Duties Tolls and Interests whatsoever of or belonging to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City shall stand and remaine in force and shall be prosecuted and executed by and to and for the use of the said Mayor and Commonaltie and Citizens as if the same had beene obtained in the Name of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens And that all persons being naturall borne Subjects or Denizens that have beene admitted into the Freedome of the said City since the said Judgment given shall be free thereof and have and enjoy the said Freedome to all intents and purposes as if they had beene thereunto admitted before the said Judgment given

Provided alwayes That the present Mayor Sheriffes Chamberlaine and Common Councill of the said City shall continue unrill a new Election shall be made of such Officers and the persons elected sworne into their respective Offices and that such new Election be made at the times hereafter mentioned that is to say the Election of the Mayor and Sheriffes and Chamberlaine shall be made on the six and twentieth day of May in the yeare one thousand six hundred and ninety And the Election of the Common Councill shall be made on the tenth day of June in the yeare one thousand six hundred and ninety And such persons soe elected shall continue till the usuall rimes of Election of such Officers according to the antient Usage and Custome of the said City and from thence shall continue for the yeare ensueing

Provided neverthelesse and Bee it enacted That if the Mayor Sheriffes Chamberlaine and Common Councill shall not be elected at the times hereby limitted the Mayor Sheriffes Chamberlaine and Common Councill which were in being at the time of the said Judgement given shall be and continue in those respective Offices and places till new Elections be made of the like Officers and Common Councill according to the antient Usage and Custome of the said City

And Bee it further enacted That all persons soe to be restored and continued shall be and are hereby required to take the Oathes appointed by a certaine Act made in the first yeare of their Majesties Raigne Enrituled An Act for the Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacie and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths the next Terme after such Restitution under the Penalties Forfeitures Disabilities and Incapacities in the said Act provided and appointed

And Bee it enacted That the Mayor Sheriffes and Chamberlaine soe to be elected shall be sworne in usuall manner on or before the twentyeth day of June next ensueing

And Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every of the severall Companies and Corporations of the said City shall from henceforth stand and be incorporated by such Name and Names and in such sort and manner as they respectively were at the time of the said Judgment given and every of them are hereby restored to all and every the Lands Tenements Hereditaments Rights Titles Estates Liberties Powers Priviledges I3recedences and Immunities which they lawfully had and enjoyed at the time of giveing the said Judgment And that as

well all Surrenders as Charters Letters Patents and Grants for new incorporating any of the said Companies or touching or concerning any of their Liberties Priviledges or Franchises made or granted by the said late King James or by the said King Charles the Second since the giveing of the said Judgment shall be void and are hereby declared null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever Provided neverthelesse That nee person or persons shall be in any wise prosecuted sued impeached or molested for any Cause or Thing by him or them lawfully acted or done in pursuance of any such Charters Letters Patents or Grants

Provided also neverthelesse and it is hereby further enacted by the authoririe aforesaid That all Leases Terms

and Estates made or granted by any of the said Companies since the giveing of the said Judgment for just and

valuable Considerations and whereupon the old accustomed yearly Rents or more are reserved shall stand and be

of the same force and eflect as if the same had beene made or granted by the said severall Companies as hereby

A.D. 168.9.

173

2° Gul. & Mar. c.8, 9.

restored and the said respective Companies and their Successors shall have the benefit and advantage of all Rents Reservations Payments Conditions Covenants Clauses and Agreements in all and every such Lease or Grant contained and the like remedy therefore as if the same Grants and Leases had beene made by the said respective Companies as now restored and the said Rents Payments Conditions Covenants Clauses and Agreements had beene made payable reserved covenanted and agreed to or with them respectively

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That all and every person and persons who at any time since the said Judgment have beene admitted into the Freedoms or into the Liveryes of the said Companies according to the Usages and Customs of the said City and their respective Companies shall be and enjoy all the Rights and Priviledges of a Free man and of a Livery man to all intents and purposes as if they had beene admitted before the said Judgment

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authorise aforesaid That this present Act of Parlvament shall be accepted taken and reputed to be a Generali and Publick Act of Parliament Of which all and every the Judge and Judges of this Kingdome in all Courts shall take notice on all Occasions whatsoever as if it were a publick Act of Parliament relating to the whole Kingdome any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for the discouraging the Importation of Throwne Silke.

WHEREAS the Importation of some sorts of Throwne Silke into this Realme is greatly prejudicial! to the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures thereof and tends very much to the Impoverishing great Numbers of Artificers whose Livelyhood and Subsistance depends upon the Throwing of Raw Silke and if longer permitted may endanger the Overthrowing of that Art or Mistery in this Nation And whereas of late great quantities of Throwne Silke have beene imported from severall Parts and Places in Europe which are not the places of its Growth or Production and thereby the true intent and meaning of the Act made in the twelfth yeare of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the Encouragement and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation is evaded For the prevention of which mischiefs and for the better Encouraging the severall Manufactures of this Kingdome and of that usefull and Nationall Trade into Turkey and the better supporting the Art of Throwing Silke in this Realme and the Poore therein employed Bee it declared and enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authorise of the same That the Throwing of Silke is not nor ought to be construed a Manufacture within the intention of the said Act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation and that noe Throwne Silke of the Growth or ProduClion of Turkey Persia East India or China or of any other Country or place (except onely such Throwne Silke as is or shall be of the Growth or Production of Italy Sicily or of the Kingdome of Naples and which shall be imported in such Shipps or Vessells and navigated in such manner as in the said Act of Navigation is directed or allowed and brought from some of the Ports of those Countryes or places whereof the same is of the Growth or Production and which shall come directly by Sea and not otherwise) shall at any time after the five and twentyeth day of May in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety be brought or imported into the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede under the Penaltie and Forfeiture of all such Throwne Silke soe imported contrary to the purport true intent and meaning of this Act one moyety whereof shall be to the use of the King and Queens Majestyes their Heires and Successors and the other moyety thereof to such person or persons as shall seize informe or sue for the same to be recovered by Bill Plaint Information or other Action in any of their Majesties Courts of Record wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed

Provided neverthclesse That this Act shall not extend to any Throwne Silke of the Growth or ProduClion of Italy Sicily or Kingdome of Naples that shall be brought in or imported into England otherwise then by this Act is directed at or before the first day of September one thousand six hundred and ninety and which shall be proved by the Oath of the Partie his Servant or Agent to whome the same doth belong or appertaine to have beene provided and bought by his and their Order from England in some part or place in Italy Sicily or the Kingdome of Naples at or before the first day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety which said Oath the Commissioners of the Customs or any two of them for the time being are hereby impowered to administer

Provided alwayes That noe Throwne Silke laden in India Persia or China to be imported into England on or before the twentyeth day of September one thousand six hundred ninety one shall be lyable to any Forfeiture by vertue of this AC! any thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Yy

XV. Freedoms of the said Companies good.

XVI.

Public a a.

Rot. Parl. pt. I. nu. ii.

Reasons for passing this Act.

12 Car. II. c. 18.

Thrown Silk no Manufacture within 12 Car. II. c. 18.

Thrown Silk how imported.

Ships importing how navigated.

Penalty.

II.

Proviso for Thrown Silk from Italy, &c. imported on or before 1st Sept. 1690.

HI.

Proviso for Thrown Silk from India, Sec. imported on or before 20th Sept. 1691.

A.D. 1689.

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 10.

CHAPTER X.

Rot. Parl.pt. i. An Act for the King and Queens most Gracious Generali and Free Pardon.

nu. IS.

Reasons for passing this Act.

All Persons pardoned of Treason, &c.

before 16th May 1690.

THE King and Queens most excellent Majestyes takeing into their serious Consideration the long and great Troubles and Discords that have beene within this Kingdome and that by occasion thereof and otherwise many of their Subjects are fallen into danger of and lye open to great Penalties and Forfeitures and withall graciously considering the faithfull Hearts and dutyfull Affections of their loyall Subjects Out of an earnest desire to deliver their Subjects from the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid and to the intent that their Offences may not hereafter be brought in Judgment Question or Remembrance to the least endamagement of them either in their Lives Liberties Estates or Reputations but that they haveing an entire Confidence in their Majesties and perfect Union among themselves may be encouraged in their Duty to their Majestyes Government and more fully and securely enjoy the benefit of it Their Majesties are of their Princely and Mercyfull Disposition and meere Motion most graciously inclined to extend unto them their Generali and Free Pardon and that in a more bounty full manner then hath beene accustomed Their Majestyes assuredly trusting that all their Subjects by this Clemency and indulgent Grace will be the rather induced henceforth more carefully to observe the Laws and perforate their loyall and due Obedience to their Majesties And therefore their Majesties are well pleased and contented That it be enacted by authority of this present Parliament and Bee it enacted by authoritie of the same in manner and forme following that is to say That all and every the said Subjects as well Spirituall as Temporall of this their Majestyes Realme of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede their Hcires Successors Executors and Administrators and every of them and all and singular Bodies in any maimer of wise corporated Cityes Burroughs Shires Rideings Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages Hamlets and Tythings

and every of them and the Successor and Successors of every of them shall be by authority of this present

Parlyament acquited pardoned released and discharged against their Majesties their Heires and Successors and every of them of and from all manner of Treasons Felonies Misprisions of Treason Treasonable or Seditious Words or Libells Misprisions of Felony Seditious and unlawfull Meetings and Conventicles and all Offences whereby any person may be charged with the Penalty and danger of Premunire and alsoe of and from all Riotts Routs Offences Contempts Trespasses Entryes Wrongs Deceits Misdemeanors Forfeitures Penalties and Summes of Money Paines of Death Pains Corporall and Pains Pecuniary and generally of and from all other Things Causes Quarrells Suits Judgements and Executions in this present Act not hereafter excepted or foreprized which may be or can be by their Majestyes in any wise or by any means pardoned before the sixteenth day of May in the yeare of our Lord

one thousand six hundred and ninety to any of the Subjects or Bodyes Corporate aforesaid

II.

The Pardon to be as good as if all things were particularly named.

Proviso for Exceptions.

III. Grant of all Forfeitures incurred before 16th May 1690 to the Subject.

IV.

Grants or Executions upon Forfeitures how far of Force.

V.

Any Person may plead this Pardon by themselves or their Attornies.

And alsoe the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes are contented that it be enacted by authoritie of this present Parlyament and Bee it enacted by authoritie of the same That this their Free Pardon shall be as good and effectuall in Law to every of their said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed in for and against all things which be not hereafter in this present Act excepted and foreprized as the same Pardon should have beene if all Offences Contempts Forfeitures Causes Matters Suits Quarrells Judgments Executions Penalties and all other things not hereafter in this present Act excepted and foreprized had beene particularly singularly specially and plainly named rehearsed and specifyed and alsoe pardoned by proper and expresse Words and Names in their Kinds Natures and Qualities by Words and Terms thereunto requisite to have beene putt in and expressed in this present Act of Free Pardon and that their said Subjects or any of them the Heires Executors or Administrators of any of them or the said Bodies Corporate and others before named and rehearsed or any of them be not nor shall be sued vexed or unquieted in their Bodies Goods Chattells Lands or Tenements for any manner of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeanour Forfeiture Trespasse Offence or any other thing suffered done or committed or ommitted before the said sixteenth day of May against their Majesties their Crowne Dignity Prerogative or the Laws or Statutes of this Realme but onely for such Matters Causes and Offences as be rehearsed mentioned or in some wayes touched in the Exceptions of this present Act to be foreprized and excepted and for none other any Statute or Statutes Laws Customs or Usages heretofore had made or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And their Majestyes of their bounteous Liberality and by the authoritie of this present Parlyament doe grant and freely give to every of their Subjects every of the said Bodyes Corporate and others before rehearsed and every of them all Goods Chattells Debts Fines Issues Profitts Amerciaments Forfeitures and Summes of Money by any of them forfeited which to their Majestyes doe or shall belong or appertaine by reason of any Offence Contempt [Entry Trespasse'J Misdemeanour Matter Cause or Quarrell suffered done or committed by them or any of them before the said sixteenth day of May which be not hereafter in this present Act foreprised and excepted

And bee it enacted neverthelesse That all Grants thereof or of any part thereof made by any such as have soe forfeited the same and are hereby restored as aforesaid and all Executions thereof or of any part thereof had against any such after such Forfeiture thereof committed or made shall be of such force and effect as if noe such Forfeiture had beene had or made and of noe other The same Forfeiture or any thing before in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

And Bee it further enacted That all and every their Majestyes Subjects and all and singular Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed may by him or themselves or by his or their Deputy or Deputies or by his or their

' Trespasse Entry O.

A.D. 1689.

2" Gul. & Mae. c. 10.

175

Attoumey or Attourneys according to the Law of this Realme plead and minister this present Act of Free Pardon for his or their Discharge of or for any thing that is by vertue of this present Act pardoned discharged given or granted without any Fee or other thing paying to any person or persons for Writeing or Entry of the Judgments or other cause concerning such Plea Writeing or Entry but onely sixteene pence to be paid to the Officer or Clerke that shall enter such Plea Matter for Judgment or the Parties Discharge in that behalfe any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

And furthermore their Majestyes are contented and pleased that it be enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That this their Free Pardon by the generall Words Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed shall be reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken in all manner of Courts of their Majesties and elsewhere most beneficiall and available to all and singular the said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed and to every of them in all things not in this present Act excepted and foreprized without any Ambiguity Question or other Delay whatsoever to be made pleaded objected or alledged by the King and Queens Majesties their Heircs or Successors or their or any of their Generali Attourney or Attourneys or by any person or persons for their Majesties or any of their Heires or Successors

And Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Officer or Clerke of any of their Majestyes Courts commonly called the Chancery Kings-Bench Common Pleas or Exchequer or any other Officer or Clerke of any other their Majesties Courts within this Realme at any time after the last day of Easter Terme next make out or write out any Writts Processe Summons or other Precept whereby any of the said Subjects or of the Bodies Corporate or others before rehearsed or any of them shall be in anywise arrested attached distrained summoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or grieved in his or their Bodies Lands Tenements Goods or Chattells or any of them for or because of any manner of thing pardoned or discharged by vertue of this Act or if any Sheriffe (‘) Escheatour or any their Deputy or Deputies or any Bayliffe or other Officer whatsoever by colour of his or their Office or otherwise after the said last day of Easter Terme next doe levy recieve take or withhold of or from any person or persons any thing pardoned or discharged by this Act That then every such person soe offending and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficient Testimony Witnesse or Proofe shall yield and pay for Recompence thereof to the party soe grieved or offended thereby his or their treble Damages besides all Costs of the Suite and shall alsoe forfeit and lose to the King and Queens Majesties for every such Offence ten pounds And neverthelesse all and singular such Writts Processe and Precepts soe to be made for or upon any manner of tiling pardoned or discharged by this present Act of Free Pardon shall be utterly void and of none effect

Excepted and alwayes foreprized out of this Generali and Free Pardon all and all manner of High Treasons and other Offences committed or done by any person or persons against the King and Queens Majestyes most Royall Persons or either of them and all Conspiracies and Confederacies trayterously had committed or done by any person or persons against their Majesties most Royall Persons or either of them

And alsoe excepted all and every manner of Treasons committed or done by any person or persons in Ireland or in any the parts beyond the Seas or in any other places out of this Realme since the thirteenth day of February in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and eight and alsoe all Suites Punishments Outlawries Judgements Executions Paines of Death Forfeitures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of any the Treasons and Offences before excepted

And alsoe excepted out of this Free Pardon all Offences in Forging and false Counterfeiting the Great or Privy Seale Signe Manuall or Privy Signet or of any of the Moneys currant within this Realme and alsoe all Offences of unlawfull diminishing any of the said moneys by any waves or meanes whatsoever contrary to the Laws and Statutes of this Realme and all Misprisions and Concealments of the Treasons before excepted and all abetting aiding comforting and procureing of the same Offences or any of the said Treasons before excepted

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all manner of voluntary Murders Petit [Treasons2] and wilfull Poysonings done or committed by any person or persons and all and every the Accessaries of the same Offences or any of them

And alsoe excepted and foreprized out of this Generall Pardon all Piracies and Robberies done upon the Seas and all and every procureing or abetting any such Offenders and the comforting and recieveing of them or any of them or of any Goods taken by way of Piracy or Robbery upon the Seas as aforesaid

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Burglaries and all breaking into and stealing out of any Dwelling house or Houses in the day and all Accessaries to (J) the said Burglaries and Felonies

And alsoe except all Robberies of Churches and stealing any Plate Utensils or Goods of or belonging to the same and alsoe all Robberies committed upon any person or persons in or neare the Highway.

And alsoe excepted the detestable or abominable Vice of Buggery committed with Mankind or Beast

And alsoe excepted all Rapes and Carnall Ravishments of Women

And alsoe excepted all Ravishments and wilfull takeing away or marrying of any Maid Widow' or Damsell against her Will or without the assent or agreement of her Parents or of such as then had her in Custodie And all Offences of aiding and comforting procureing or abetting any such Ravishments wilfull takeing or marrying had committed or done

Fee to Clerk entering Pica, &c.

VI.

Pardon to be expounded beneficially to the Subject, and allowed without Delay, &c.

VH.

Officer offending in making out Process, or taking Money for Things pardoned.

Penalty agio, and Treble Damages and Costs.

Process void.

Exceptions. High Treason.

Treasons in Ireland.

Forging Great Seal, &c. Diminishing the Coin, Misprision of Treason, &c.

Murders, Petit Treason, Poisoning.

Piracies, &c.

Burglaries, &c.

Robberies in Churches and on the Highway.

Buggery.

Rape.

Taking away or marrying Women.

1 any O.

1 or 0.

* Treason 0.

y/./).lG8.9.

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 10.

Perjury, Subornation, forging Records, Examination of Witnesses, &e.

Forest Offences.

Certain Forfeitures due or that may grow due to the Crown.

Informations about Highways, &c.

Embezzling their Majesties Goods, See.

Conveying Stores, &c. to the French King.

Breach of Covenant with their Majesties.

Incest, Simony, &rc.

Adultery, and Crimes of Persons in Orders. First-fruits, &c.

Bishops or Receivers not discharged, See.

Concealment of Duties.

Taking away Goods or Rents, 5:c, forfeited to King Charles II. or JamesII. or their present Majesties.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Offences of Perjury and the Subornation of Witnesses and endeavouring to bribe and corrupt any Person to give a false Testimony and the Offences of Forgeing and Counterfeiting and Sollicitation of Forging or Counterfeiting any Fines or other Records Deeds Wills Escripts or Writeings whatsoever and all Offences of Forgeing or Counterfeiting any Examinations or Testimonies of any Witnesse or Witnesses tending to bring any person or persons into danger of his Life and all procureing or councelling of any such Forgings or Counterfeitings had made committed or done

And also excepted all Offences committed in any Forest since the thirteenth day of February in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty eight in takeing killing or destroying any Deere and in cutting downe takeing away or destroying any Timber or Trees or any Fences or Inclosures of or in the said Forests

And alsoe except all Forfeitures and other Penalties and Profits now due accrued and grown or which shall or may be due accrue or grow to the King and Queens Majestyes by reason of any Offence Misdemeanour or Contempt or other Act or Deed had suffered committed or done contrary to any Act Statute or Statutes Mother

then useing or causeing to be used any Craft Mistery or Occupation by any person not brought up therein seven

yeares as an Apprentice) or contrary to the Common Law of this Realme And whereof or for the which any Action Bill Plaint or Information at any time within six yeares next before the day of the assembling and holding of this Parlyament (videlicet) the twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty nine hath beene commenced or sued in any of their Majestyes Courts at Westminster and is depending and remaineing to be prosecuted or whereupon any Verdict Judgement or Decree is already given or entred or whereof or whereupon their Majestyes by their Bill signed or otherwise have made any Gift or Assignement to any person or persons before the said sixteenth day of May and all Awards of Court Orders Sentences Judgments Executions and Proceedings upon or concerning or by reason or occasion of any such Offence Misdemeanour Contempt Act or Deed

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Informations and other Proceedings depending concerning any Common Highwayes or Bridges and all Issues returned upon any Processe concerning the same since the twentyeth day

of March in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred scaventy and nine

And alsoe excepted all Offences in takeing away imbezzilling or purloyning any of the King and Queens Majestyes Goods Moneys Chattells Jewells Armour Munition Stores Navall Provisions Shipping Ordnance and other Habiliments of Warr and all Offences in conveying to the French King or any of his Subjects any Navall Stores or Commodities or Contraband Goods or supplying him or them with the same

And alsoe excepted all Conditions and Covenants and all Penalties Titles and Forfeitures of Conditions or Covenants accrued or growne to their Majesties by reason of the Breach and not performing of any Covenant or Condition whatsoever

And alsoe excepted all Offences of Incest Simony or Dilapidations for which any Suite is or was depending upon the said first day of this Parliament

And alsoe excepted Adultery and all other enormous Crimes committed by any person in Holy Orders punishable in any Ecclesiasticall Court and all Proceedings and Sentences thereupon

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all First-fruits and Tenths Pensions Procurations Synodalls and other Payments out of any Ecclesiasticall Promotion or Benefice other then Arrears of Tenths which at any time before the said first day of this Session of Parlyament did become due for upon or out of any small Rectory Vicarage or Benefice which at the true and greatest Valuation and Improvement is not of the yearely Value of thirty pounds and which shall be soe certified by the respective Bishop or Guardians of the Spiritualities to their Majesties Court of Exchequer before the last day of next Michaelmas Terme Provided That this shall not be construed to pardon or discharge any Bishop or Receiver of or from answering or paying any of the said Arreares by him received.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon (') all and every the Summes of Money and Dufies following and the Concealment or wrongfull Detainments thereof (that is to say) of any Custome or Subsidy Excise Arrears of the

Hearth-Money Imposition upon Wine or other Liquors or Commodities Duties ariseing by Wine-Licences or the

Post-Office or any other Tax Assessment Duty or Imposition due or belonging to the King and Queens Majestyes

or given or levyable by any Att of Parliament and all Arreares thereof and all Forfeitures ariseing thereby or for

the Non-payment thereof and all Corruptions and Misdemeanours of any Officer or Minister of in or concerning the same and all Accounts and Suits whatsoever to be had made or prosecuted for the same and all Concealments Frauds and Offences by which their Majestyes have beene decieved and not truely answered of or for the same

And alsoe excepted all and every manner of takeing from the King and Queens Majestyes or the late Kings Charles the Second and James the Second or either of them any Goods or Chattells forfeited by reason of any Treason Petit Treason Murder or Felony heretofore committed or done And alsoe all and every manner of takeing from their Majesties or either of the said Kings the Issues Rents Revenues or Profitts of any Manours Lands Tenements or Hereditaments which were of any Traytor Murderer Felon Clerke or Clerks attainted or any of them And alsoe all and all manner of takeing from the King and Queens Majestyes or either of the said Kings the Issues Rents Revenues and Profits of any Mannour Lands Tenements or Hereditaments parccll of the Possessions of any Bishopricke the Temporalties whereof upon the said twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy nine or at any time since were or of right ought to have beene in their or either of their Hands

1 and O.

2° Gul. & Mar. c. 10.

177

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Arrearages of Rent due from any Farmer of any part of the Revenue ariseing by Customs Excise or Hearthmoney or Impositions upon Proceedings at Law and all Arrearages of Fee-Farme Rents or other Rents

Exception of Arrearages due from Fanners of the Revenue.

And alsoe excepted all and singular accounts of all and every Collector and Collectors Commissioners Treasurers or Recievers who have collected [or recieved' ] any Subsidie Custome Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage addidonall Duty prize-Goods or other things growne due or happening since the five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seventy three And all accounts of every other person whatsoever that ought to be accomptant to the King and Queens Majesties for or in respect of any Receipt or other Charge which hath grown since the said five and twentieth day of March and the Heires Executors Administrators and Sureties of any person that ought to account for all things touching onely the same accounts and all and singular arrearages of accounts and untrue accounts made or rendred since the said five and twentyeth day of March and all Impetitions Charges Seisures Suites Demands and Executions which may or can be had of or for any such account or accounts or any arrearages of the same

And alsoe excepted all Recognizances Obligations and other Securities given or entred into by any Receiver Reeve Bayliffe ColleSor or other Accomptant in the Court of Exchequer and their Sureties and their Accounts respectively and all other Recognizances and Obligations whatsoever conditioned for the payment of Money

Provided alwayes and Bee it enabled That this Act shall not extend or be construed to pardon or discharge any [Recognizance or Obligation not yet forfeited nor to pardon or discharge any 2] forfeited Recognizance or Obligation or any other Forfeiture or Penaltie whereof the Farmers of the Excise or the Farmers of any other part of the publick Revenue ought to recieve any benefitt or advantage Nor to pardon or discharge any Debt due by Recognizance Obligation or other Specialty to any person or persons indebted to their Majestyes which hath beene duely seized in aid of their Majestyes Debt Nor to pardon or discharge any Debt due by Recognizance Obligation Condemnation or otherwise whereupon any Estalment or Seizure hath beene at any time heretofore made upon which Estalment or Seizure any thing is or at any time since the said five and twentyeth day of March hath beene answered and paid Nor to pardon or discharge any Penalties Forfeitures or Sums of Money due or accrued to their Majesties by reason of any Act Statute or Statutes which Forfeitures Penalties and Sums of Mony since the said five and twentyeth day of March be converted into the nature of any Debt by any Judgement Order Decree or by the Agreement of the Offender or Offenders or have beene estalled or any Seizure made for the same and upon such Seizure or Estalment any thing answered or paid since the said five and twentyeth day of March.

Neverthelesse it is hereby declared That all Obligations and Recognizances forfeited since the said five and twentyeth day of March for Non appearance in any Court or other place whatsoever or not keeping the Peace or not being of the Good Behaviour shall be clearly pardoned and discharged except Recognizances granted to or in trust for the Lord Almoner

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Issues Fines and Amerciaments lost imposed or assessed since the said five and twentyeth day of March being totted levyed or recieved by any Sheriffe Under Sheriffe Bayliffe Minister or other Officer before the last day of this present Session of Parlyament

And alsoe excepted all Issues Fines and Amerciaments lost imposed or assessed since the said five and twentyeth day of March affeered taxed sett estreated or entred severally or particularly touching or concerning any one or more persons joyntly or severally above the Summe of six pounds

And alsoe excepted all Issues Fines and Amerciaments returned affeered taxed sett or entred severally or particularly in any Court of Record at Westminster at any time within the space of a yeare before the said first day of this Parliament

And yet neverthelesse all other Fines as well Fines Pro Licentia C.oncordandi as other sett taxed estreated or entred before that time And alsoe all Issues and Amerciaments as well reall as others within any Liberties or

without being sett taxed estreated or entred before the time aforesaid and which severally and particularly extend

to or under the Summe of six pounds and not above whether they be estreated or not estreated or whether they be turned into Debt or not turned into Debt and not being totted levyed or recieved by any Sheriffe Under

Sheriffe Minister or other Officer before the said first day of this Parliament shall be freely clearely and plainly

pardoned and discharged against the King and Queens Majestyes their Heires and Successors by force of this present Act

And yet neverthelesse all Estreats of such Fines Issues and Amerciaments as be now pardoned by this Act and which be already estreated forth of the Court of Exchequer and (3) remaineing in the Hands of the Sheriffe Under-Sheriffe or Bayliffe for collecting of the same Fines Issues and Amerciaments shall upon the returne of the same Estreats be duely and orderly charged and delivered by Scrows into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer as heretofore hath beene accustomed to the intent that thereupon Order may be taken that their Majestyes may be truely answered all such Fines Issues and Amerciaments not by this Act pardoned and which any Sheriffe Under-Sheriffe Bayliffe or other Officer or Minister hath received or ought to answere by force or colour of any such Estreat Processe or Precept to him or them made for the levying thereof

And yet that notwithstanding all and every Sheriffe and Sheriffes and other Accomptant upon his or their Petition or Petitions to be made for the allowance of any such Fines Issues and Amerciaments as by this Act

1 received or 0. 1 interlined on the Roll. 9 he O.

Of Accounts, &c. from Collector*, &c. to the King.

Of Receivers* Recognizances.

VIII.

Of forfeited Recognizances, See.

Of Penalties, &c. due to their Majesties since 25th March.

Proviso for Recognizances for Appearance, except the Lord Almoner.

Exception of Issues lost.

Of Issues, &c. returned, &c. within a Year before this Parliament. Proviso for other Fines and Issues.

Estreats of Fines, &c. already estreated to be delivered into the Pipe Office.

Sheriffs and other Accountants on Petition for Allowance of Fines, See. to have same

franted without ee.

Z z

You VI.

A.D. 1689.

2° Gul. & Mati. c. 10.

IX.

Exception of King Charles the First's Murderers excepted by 12 Car. II. c. 11, and the Two Persons appearing upon the Scaffold with Vizors.

Of Disabilities.

Of Persons who have accepted any Office contrary to 12 Car. 11. c. u.

Of Persons attainted of Rebellion, Treason, Murder, &c.

Of Persons exiled, See.

Transported.

Of Persons fined by any Act since 12 Car. II. c. 11.

Of all z£s°° Penalties for holding Office, &c. contrary to 25 Car. II. c. 2.

Of particular Persons.

Of Crimes against 27 El. C.2.

are pardoned shall have all and every such his and their Petition allowed in his and their account and accounts without paying any Fee or Reward to any Officer Clerke or other Minister for the makeing entring or allowing of any such Petition or Petitions any Usage or Custome to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwayes that this Act shall not extend to pardon discharge or give any benefitt whatsoever unto any person or persons who are by Name particularly excepted out of the Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of his late Majestic King Charles the Second for their execrable Treason and horrid Murder of their Majestyes Royall Grandfather of gracious Memory nor to those two persons or either of them who being disguised by Frocks and [Vizors'] appeared upon the Scaffold at the time when the said Murder was committed

Nor shall this present Act give or restore any Ability or Capacity to take have hold or exercise any Office Place Authority or Employment Ecclesiasticall Civill or Military to any person or persons who in and by the said last mentioned Act or by vertue or reason of any other Act or Law were or are made or become incapable or disabled to have take hold or execute the same or of serveing as a Member in Parlyament but all and every such person or persons shall remaine and continue under all and every the Disabilities and Incapacities aforesaid any thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Nor shall this Act extend to pardon discharge or give any benefitt to any person who if he after the first day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty hath accepted or exercised or hereafter shall accept or exercise any Office Ecclesiasticall Civill or Military or any other publick Employment within England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede is by the said Act made in the twelfth yeare of King Charles the Second to stand and be as if he had beene totally by Name excepted out of the said last mentioned Act, but all and every such persons shall if they have or shall accept any Office or Employment contrary to the tenor of the said last mentioned Act be out of this Act wholly excepted and foreprised

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all such persons as be and remaine still attainted or condemned by Act of Parlyament or otherwise of or for any Rebellion or levying of Warr or of [or for any Conspiracy of any Rebellion or levying Warr2] within this Realme or any other their Majesties Dominions and all such persons who are attainted or outlawed of or for any other Treason Petit Treason Murder wilfiill Poysoiling or Burglary and all Executions therefore

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all such persons who by vertue of any former Act of Parlyament are by expresse Name exiled or made lyable to any other Pains Penalties or Disabilities whatsoever

And alsoe excepted all such Persons who after Conviction or Attainder of or for any manner of Felony have desired to be transported into any of their Majesties Forreigne Plantations

And alsoe except all such persons who being excepted out of the said Act of Generali Pardon have had any pains or penalties imposed upon them by any subsequent Act of Parlyament

And alsoe excepted out of this Act all Penalties of five hundred pounds which shall by any Act passed in this Session of Parlyament be inflicted or appointed to be levyed upon any person or persons for or in respect of holding or exerciseing any Office or Place and offending contrary to an Act of Parlyament made in the five and twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants,

Except alsoe out of this present Act William Marquesse of Powis Theophilus Earle of Huntington Robert Earle of Sunderland John Earle of Mclfort Roger Earle of Castlemain The Lord Thomas Howard Nathaniell Lord Bishop of Durham Thomas Lord Bishop of St. Davids Henry Lord Dover William Molineux Sir Edward Hales Sir Edward Herbert Sir Francis Withens Sir Richard Holloway Sir Edward Lutwich Sir Richard Heath Sir Thomas Jenner

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all and every Offence and Offences committed or done by any Jesuite Seminary or Romish Priests whatsoever contrary to the tenor or effect of the Statute made in the seven and twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth Entituled An Act against Jesuits Seminary Priests and other Disobedient Persons or of any part thereof and all Outlawries Proceedings Judgments and Executions for the same Offences or any of them

And except alsoe all Convictions of Popish Recusants for their Recusancy

Sir Roger L'Estrange Sir Nicholas Butler Edward Petre

Thomas Tindesley alias Tildesley

----- Townley lately called C.ollonel

Townley Rowland Tempest Edward Morgan Obadiah Walker Robert Brent Richard Graham Phillip Burton Robert Lundy Mathew Crone

And alsoe excepted George Lord Jeffreys deceased

Of Convictions of Recusants.

1 Vizards 0,

interlined on the Roll.

2° Gu l. Si Ma r. c. 10.

179

Provided alwaycs and bee it enabled by the authentic aforesaid That noe Processe of Outlawry or Proceedings thereon at the Suite of any person Plaintiffe shall be by vertue of this Pardon stayed or avoided unlesse the Defendant appeare and putt in Baile where by Law Baile is necessary and take forth a Writt of Scire facias against the partie at whose Suite he was outlawed and that this Pardon be not allowed to discharge any Outlawry after Judgment till Satisfaction or Agreement be made to or with the partie at whose Suite the Outlawry was obtained

And it is further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every person or persons hereby pardoned may plead the Generali Issue without Speciall Pleading of this Pardon and give this Act of Pardon in Evidence for his discharge and that the same shall be thereupon allowed and the advantage thereof had as fully to all intents and purposes as if the same had beene fully and well pleaded and in such manner as any Justice of Peace Constable or any other Officer questioned for Matters acted by them as Officers may have the advantage of the Matter of their Justification upon the Generali Issue by them pleaded by the Laws and Statutes of this Real me

And Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That this present Pardon shall be of as good force and

effect to pardon and discharge all and singular the Premisses above mentioned and intended to be pardoned and discharged as well against such person or persons Bodyes Politick and Corporate as doe or shall claime the same by or under any Letters Patents Lease or Grant by the King and Queens Majestyes or any their Predecessors as against the King and Queens Majestyes themselves

Provided That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to pardon or discharge any person of or for any

counselling contriveing abetting or procureing the Raising of Warr or Rebellion against their Majestyes or adhereing

to their Enimies since the thirteenth day of February in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty and eight unlesse such person shall and doe before the twentyeth day of July next or sooner if required take the following Oath publickly and duly in such Court and before such persons as have or shall have power to administer the same viz*

JAB doe sincerely promise and sweare That I will be faithfull and beare true Allegiance to their Majestyes King William and Queene Mary Soe helpe me God.

X.

Outlawry how reversed.

XI.

This Pardon may he given in Evidence.

XII.

Good against the King's Grantee.

XIII.

Exception of Persons levying War against their Majesties, &c. unless they take

the Oath.

ITEM queda Petitiones privatas personas concernentes (in se forma Actus continentes) exhibite fuerunt predifto Domino

Regi in Parliamento predifto quoru Tituli subscribuntur.

An Act for separateing and makeing the Chappell of Wortenbury a distinct Church from the Parish Church of Bangor.

An Act to supply a defect in a former Act of the last Parliament for the sale or leasing of a house late Henry Coventryes Esquire in Pickadilly.

An Act to enable John Wolstenholm Esquire to sell Lands for payment of debts.

An Act to illegitamate any Childe or Children which Jane the Wife of John Lewknor Esq* hath had or shall have dureing her elopement from him.

An Act to enable Algernoon Earle of Essex to make a wife a Joynture and for raising of moneys for payment of Six thousand pounds borrowed to make up the Lady Morpeths portion and to make a Settlement of his estate on his marriage.

An Act for the makeing some provision for the daughters and younger sonnes of Anthony Earle of Shaftsbury.

An Act for the sale of the capitall Messuage or Mansion House of Harleford and Mannour of Great Marlow and other Lands in the County of Bucks.

An Act to enable Sir Robert Fenwicke to sell Lands for payment of his debts.

An Act for confirming a Setlement made by Sir Hugh Midleton Baronet for a separate maintenance for Dame

Dorothea his wife and for other Trusts and for the better enableing Trustees to sell part of his Estate for payment

of his debts.

An Act whereby the Freehold and Inheritance of the Mannour of Loleworth alias Lollworth and the Advowson of the Church of Loleworth alias Lollworth in the County of Cambridge and diverse other Lands and Hereditaments in Loleworth aforesaid and in Long Stanton in the said County are vested in Altham Smith of Grays Inne in the County of Midlesex Esq* and William Gore of London Merchant and their heires in Fee Simple in possession to the use of them and their heires in trust for John Edwards of Debdon Hall in the County of Essex Esq* and his heires to the intent the same may be sold.

An Act to enable Sir Humphry Forester to settle and dispose Lands.

An Act to enable Thomas Berenger Esquire to sell Lands for payment of his debts.

An Act to vest the Estate of Cadwallader Wynne Esq* in Trustees for the payment of his debts.

An Act for the naturalizing of David Le Grand and others.

An Act for confirming to the Governour and Company tradeing to Hudsons Bay their Priviledges and Trade.

An Act for the encouraging and better establishing the manufacture of White paper in this Kingdome.

An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadlier to sell Lands for payment of debts.

An Act for the granting unto Elizabeth relict of John Hobby Esquire and now the wife of the Lord Alexander sonne and heire apparent of Henry Earle of Starling in the Kingdome of Scotland one Annuity or yearely Rent-Charge of foure hundred and fifty pounds for her life in satisfaction of five hundred pounds a yeare in Lands which she was to have for her Joynture.

Rot. Parl. pt. 2.

The Reasons for this Grant.

.£1,651,702. 18s. to be raised in manner herein mentioned.

( 180 )

Anno 2° GULIELMI & MARI/E, A.D. 1690.

STATUTES made in the Second Session of Parliament,

In the SECOND Year of the Reign of K. WILLIAM and Q. MARY.

€% ftotulo 0arItamentt De 3nno regnt ©ultelmt et fl^arfae, £>ecunDo*

IN Parliamento inchoat et tent apud Westmonasteriu vicesimo die Martii Anno Regni Serenissiini Dni et Dne Gulielmi et Marie Dei gratia Anglie Scoe Francie et Hibemie R§ et Regine Fidei Defensores &c Secundo annoqs Dni millessimo sexcentesimo nonagesimo c&i oiu Diioru et Comunitatis consensu et Reg Majestatis assensu sancitu inactitatfi ordinat et stabilit suit sequens hoc Statutu ut sequitur vidett

CHAPTER I.

An Act for Granting an Ayd to Their Majestyes of the Summe of Sixteene hundred fifty one thousand seaven

hundred and two pounds eighteene shillings.

['Most Gracious [Soveraigne *]]

WEE Your Majestyes most Dutifull and Loyall Subjects the Commons in Parlyament Assembled being deeply sensible of the abundant Care Wisedome and Resolution with which Your Majestyes have Defended and Preserved these Kingdomes against the Opposition of Open and Secret Enimies and being Resolved Effectually to Support Your Government and Assist Your Majestyes for the Entire Reduceing of Ireland and Secureing the Peace of this Kingdome and Vigorously carrying on the Warr against France have towards the Ends and Purposes aforesaid Chearfully and Unanimously Given and Granted unto Your Majestyes the Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned And wee doe humbly beseech Your Majestyes that it may be enacted And Bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by the Authorise of the same That the Summe of Sixteene hundred fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pounds eighteene shillings shall be Raised Levyed and Paid unto their Majestyes in manner following That is to say The Summe of One hundred thirty seven thousand six hundred forty one pounds eighteene shillings and two pence by the Month for Twelve Months begining from the Five and twentyeth day of December in the Yeare of Our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety shall be Assessed Taxed Levyed and Paid by Foure Quarterly Payments in the severall Countyes Cities Burroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the Proportions following Viz For each of the said Twelve Months

FOR the County of Bedford the Summe of One thousand seven hundred ninety three pounds fifteene shillings six pence.

For the County of Berks the Summe of Two thousand two hundred sixty foure pounds thirteene shillings two pence.

For the County of Bucks the Summe of Two thousand six hundred and thirty pounds twelve shillings ten pence.

For the County of Cambridge the Summe of Two thousand and forty pounds.

The Isle of Ely the Summe of Six hundred ninety nine pounds fifteene shillings ten pence.

The County of Chester One thousand foure hundred ninety five pounds fourteene shillings foure pence.

The City and County of the City of Chester the Summe of One hundred and six pounds sixteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Cornwall the Summe of Three thousand eighty one pounds sixteene shillings six pence.

The County of Cumberland the Summe of Three hundred thirty six pounds twelve shillings two pence.

1 omitted in King's Printer's Copy.

Soveraignes 0.

181

2° Gul. 6c Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

The County of Derby the Summe of One thousand seven hundred twenty foure pounds sixteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Devon the Summe of Six thousand foure hundred fifty nine pounds eighteene shillings foure pence.

The City and County of the City of Exeter the Summe of two hundred thirty two pounds fourteenc shillings eight pence.

The County of Dorset the Summe of two thousand six hundred eighty nine pounds and ten pence.

The Towne and County of Poole the Summe of Twenty one pounds nineteenc shillings foure pence.

The County of Durham the Summe of Six hundred forty seven pounds thirteene shillings six pence.

The County of Yorke with the City and County of the City of Yorke and Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull the Summe of Six thousand nine hundred thirty eight pounds ten shillings foure pence.

The County of Essex the Summe of Six thousand one hundred ninety six pounds sevcnteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Gloucester the Summe of Three thousand six hundred seventeene pounds and six pence.

The City and County of the City of Gloucester the Summe of Seventy eight pounds sixteene shillings.

The County of Hereford the Summe of Two thousand two hundred sixty three pounds six shillings and eight pence.

The County of Hertford the Summe of Two thousand six hundred ninety one pounds twelve shillings and six pence.

The County of Huntingdon the Summe of One thousand two hundred sixty seven pounds eight shillings and foure pence.

The County of Kent with the City and County of the City of Canterbury the Summe of Six thousand six hundred fifty three pounds seventeene shillings foure pence.

The County of Lancaster the Summe of two thousand and thirteene pounds seven shillings.

The County of Leicester the Summe of Two thousand one hundred sixty nine pounds eight shillings six pence.

The County of Lincolne with the City and County of the City of Lincohie the Summe of Five thousand one hundred fifty pounds foure shillings.

The City of London, with the Liberties of Saint Martins le Grand the Summe of Eight thousand five hundred eighty three pounds two shillings eight pence.

The County of Midlcsex with the City and Liberty of Westminster the Summe of Six thousand eighty one pounds.

The County of Monmouth the Summe of Seven hundred and eighty pounds.

The County of Northampton the Summe of Two thousand eight hundred twenty seven pounds sixteene shillings foure pence.

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the Summe of One thousand seven hundred forty six pounds sixteene shillings.

The County of Norfolke the Summe of Six thousand seven hundred forty one pounds foure shillings.

The City and County of the City of Norwich the Summe of Three hundred sixty pounds.

The County of Northumberland with the Towne of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede the Summe of Seven hundred forty five pounds eleven shillings foure pence.

The County of Oxon the Summe of Two thousand two hundred seventy one pounds one shilling foure pence.

The County of Rutland the Summe of Foure hundred eighty pounds seventeene shillings and ten pence.

The County of Salop the Summe of Two thousand foure hundred and seven pounds eight shillings foure pence.

The County of Stafford the Summe of One thousand seven hundred and five pounds three shillings foure pence.

The City and County of the City of Litchfield the Summe of Twenty six pounds.

The County of Somerset the Summe of Five thousand five hundred forty three pounds one shilling foure pence.

The City and County of the City of Bristoll the Summe of Three hundred ninety eight pounds sixteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and the Isle of Wight the Summe of Foure thousand three hundred seventy eight pounds seventeene shillings foure pence.

The County of Suffolke the Summe of Six thousand five hundred ninety seven pounds one shilling foure pence.

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Southwarke the Summe of Three thousand one hundred ninety foure pounds and foure pence.

The County of Sussex the Summe of three thousand six hundred forty two pounds fifteene shillings six pence.

The County of Warwicke with the City and County of the City of Coventry the Summe of Two thousand three hundred eighty foure pounds seventeene shillings six pence.

The County of Worcester the Summe of Two thousand one hundred seven pounds eighteene shillings.

The City and County of the City of Worcester One hundred and ten pounds nineteene shillings.

The County of Wilts the Summe of Three thousand nine hundred thirty three pounds fifteene shillings two pence.

The County of Westmorland the Summe of two hundred thirty two pounds.

The County of Anglesey the Summe of Two hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings foure pence.

The County of Brecknocke the Summe of five hundred sixty five pounds eleven pence.

The County of Cardigan the Summe of Two hundred eleven pounds eleven shillings seven pence.

The County of Carmarthen the Summe of Five hundred forty foure pounds thirteene shillings foure pence.

3 A

Vql. VI.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

A.L). 1690.

II.

Commissioners

appointed.

The County of Camarvan the Summe of Two hundred ninety three pounds foure shillings foure pence.

The County of Denbigh the Summe of Foure hundred forty seven pounds one shilling two pence.

The County of Flint the Summe of Two hundred thirty seven pounds fourteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Glamorgan The Summe of Seven hundred fifty seven pounds fifteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Merioneth the Summe of Two hundred and one pounds twelve shillings two pence.

The County of Montgomery the Summe of five hundred fifty three pounds foure shillings foure pence.

The County of Pembrooke the Summe of Six hundred fifty three pounds.

The County of Radnor the Summe of Three hundred forty eight pounds thirteene shillings foure pence.

The Towne of Haverford West the Summe of Thirty pounds six shillings ten pence.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the effectuall putting of this present Act in

Execution all and every the Persons hereafter named shall be Commissioners of and for the severall and respective Counties Cities Burroughs Towns and Places hereafter mentioned.

For the County of Bedford

The Honourable Edward Russell The Honourable Robert Russell The Honourable Robert Bruce The Honourable Charles Leigh Esquires Sir John Mordant Sir William Gostwick Sir John Napier Sir John Cotton Sir Anthony Chester Sir John Burgoyne Sir Rowland Alstone Sir Villier Charnock Sir John Osborne Baronets Sir William Becher Sir Francis Wingate Sir William Franklyn Knights Sir John Franklin Sir James Astrey Masters in Chancery William Duncombe Oliver Luke William Boteler Lewis Monoux Thomas Browne Benjamin Conquest Samuell Cater Thomas Hillersden John Osborne William Farrer the Queens Sollicitor William Foster Thomas Cheyne William Palmer Richard Stone Edward Stone John Vaux George Abbot John Cockaine William Spencer Richard Edwards Brooke Bridges George Edwards Thomas Bromsall Ralph Bromsall Walter Cary Robert Mountague Gains Squire Henry Astley junior Humphry Fish Charles Gery William Farrer junior Samuell Bedford Robert Audley William Daniell Esquires Sir John Thompson John Harvey of Thurley Thomas Christy Mathew Denis William Livesay William Alstone Thomas Halfepeny Samuell Rhodes John Wagstaffe William Simcotts Nicholas Granger William Whitebread George Bemardiston Richard Orlebar of Hinwick John Davies William Botelor of Wotton William Brandrefe Samuell Ironside Esquires Thomas Arnold of Ampthill William Crow George Nodes George Cobb Gent.

For the Town of Bedford

The Mayor for the time being Thomas Hillersdon Thomas Christie William Foster William Farrer Esquires John Beaumont John Hawes William Manley William Faldo John Crawley William Becket Ralph Smith Gent.

For the County of Berks

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons and First Lord Commissioner of the Great Seale The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire one of Their Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Henry Earle of Sterling of the Kingdome of Scotland Mountague Lord Norris Henry Lord Alexander the Honourable Bernard Greenville Esquire Sir Humphry Foster Sir John Stonehouse Sir Thomas Draper Sir William Rich Sir Henry Winchcombe Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Edmund Fettiplace Sir John Hobby Sir Anthony Craven Sir Henry Henn Sir Willoughby Aston Sir William Kendrick Sir Edward Read Baronets Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Porter Sir Robert Pye Sir Robert Sawyer Sir Algemoon [May*]

Sir Edward Norris Sir Christopher Wrenn Sir William Whitlock Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Thomas Dolman Sir Jemmet Raymond Sir George Willoughby Sir Thomas Travaile Knights William Stonehouse John Blandy Henry Barker Henry Nevill John Archer Richard Nevill Richard Aldworth William Cherry Edmond Fettyplace Tanfield Vachell Edmond Pie Henry Kingsmill James Stonehouse Charles Garrard John Blagrave Loftes Brightwell Paul Calton Henry Fairfax James Paul Charles Fettiplace Thomas Pettit Paul Calton junior John Hippesley Benjamin Rudyerd John Standing Richard Pie Thomas Fettiplace James Perrot Edmond Wiseman Henry Heyling Roger Draper Symon Harcourt William Jenings John Whitfield James Hayes Edward Sherwood Richard Southby John Southby Thomas Southby Thomas Lee Francis White John Wightwicke Thomas Dolman Thomas Seymour Thomas Tipping Roger Knight John Topham Richard Jennens Christopher Willoughby William Adderley John Wallis John Holloway Robert Mayott Angell of Binfield William Thompson John Vemey John Wildman

senior John Wildman junior Richard Brickendon Arthur Ounslow Thomas Garrard Thomas Harwood Henry Battin Thomas Hoard Nathan Knight Bartholomew Tipping John Fincher Phillip Weston John Edmonds Robert Leigh George Blagrave John Deane Bolton James John Peacock John Jennens of Stanford John Dew John Dalby Richard Knapp John Loder Thomas Loder John Pottenger of Sudbury Sebastion Lyford Edward Read Edward Lovedon Thomas Read Richard Palmer Francis Parry Richard Stephens John Pottinger of Inkpen John Collins David Bigg Scory Barker Charlton Whitclock Esquires Moses Bruch Dottor in Physicke Joseph Cowslade Ralph Howland Esquires Robert Jenings John Bigg Moses Slade Richard Skinner Richard Payne Charles Harrison John Smith Anthony Leaver Nicholas Humphrys Charles Calverley Thomas Stephens Edward Brackston George Lamport Robert Selwood Richard Pusey John Oliver Robert Blackaller James Corderoy Richard Paine Grove of

Groye Thomas Barker Richard Fishborne Henry Peacock Peter Sawyer Robert Mason Thomas Harrison Thomas Edmonds Richard Cooper Thomas Cowslade Silas Sebroe Giles Pocock Charles Peacock John Pocock of Streatly 0

interlined on the Roll.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

183

Richard Matthews Richard Lyford Edward Pocock John Wilder Silas Scarborough Fishburne John Head

of Langley John Head of Hodcott Gentlemen John Plummer Esquire The Mayor of Reading The Mayor of Windsor The Mayor of Abingdon The Mayor of Wallingford The Mayor of Newberry The Alderman of Ockingham.

For the Burrough of New Windsor

James Bridgeman James Perry John Smith John Chalk William Peasly Steward Nicholas Courtney John Topham Francis Negus William Smith Simon Smith Esquires George Lush Gentleman.

For the County of Bucks

Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdomc of Scotland The Right Honourable Thomas Wharton Esquire Comptroller of Their Majestyes Household one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire Chauncellor and Under Treasurer of Their Majestyes Exchequer and one of Their Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scotland Henry Bertie Esquire Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Thomas Tyrrell Sir Walter Clarges Sir Anthony Chester Sir Thomas Proby Sir William Bowyer Sir Ralph Verney Sir Henry Andrewes Sir Thomas Lee Sir William Dormer Sir Dennis Hampson Sir Peter Tyrrell Sir Richard Atkins Baronets Sir Robert Gay re Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Clayton Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Whitelocke Sir Roger Hill Sir Peter Apsley Knights Sir John Thompson Baronet Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Sir James Ethridge Knights William Jepson Thomas Lee John Hampden Edmond Waller Richard Beake William Penn Sir Orlando Gee Sir William Pritchard William Mountague Sergeant at Law William Cheyne Thomas Hacket John Duncombe of Great Brickhill Alexander Denton Thomas Pigott John Parkhurst Thomas Lewis senior Thomas Lewis junior Robert Lovett Thomas Berringer John Backwell Edward Humfrevile Thomas Ferrar senior Thomas Ferrar junior Knightley Purefoy Roger Price John WTiittewrong Richard Greenville Budd Wase Basill Brent Charles Stafford Richard Ingoldsby Thomas Egleton Robert Dormer Edmond Waller of Gregories Esquires Sir Joseph Alston Benjamin Lane Nicholas Salter William Fleetwood Robert Stiles William Busby Richard Nichols Edmond Dorrell Thomas Carter Henry Neale John Grubb John Machell John Shalcrosse William Farrar Simon Mayne Robert Dormer of Lee Henry Herbert James Herbert George Evelin John Haines Henry Somner senior Henry Somner junior Ralph Lawton Charles [Tyrrill '] Edward Bates Thomas Bard Thomas Ligo of Stoke Mandeville Richard Mead Robert Hart James Tyrrell William Crooke James Chase Richard Dorrell Stephen Chase junior John Thurbarne Sergeant at Law Henry Cave senior Henry Cave junior Esquires William Hill senior William Hill junior Richard Smith Thomas Smith of Beckonsfield Whitchurch Henry Harris Robert Gainsford Hugh Horton William Clever Thomas Gibson Timothy Doyley Henry Gold Thomas Ligo of Burkett John Sparks Richard Bamaby senior George Alnott John Theed John Seare Gentlemen John Tanner Doctor of Physick Thomas Hudson Henry Cooley Gent.

For the Towne of Buckingham

The Bailiffe for the time being Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Ralph Verney Baronet Alexander Denton Henry Andrewes Edmond Dorrell Esquires Hugh Ethersey George Danser William Hartley Pelham Sandwell Gentlemen William Busby Esqs John Rogers Gent Edward Bates Esqs.

For the Towne of Chipping Wicombe

The Mayor Recorder Aldermen Bayliffes and Towne Clerke for the ‘time being William Jephson and Thomas Lewis Esquires.

For the County of Cambridge

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland the Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Thomas Chichley Knight Sir Christopher Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir Levinus Bennett Sir Henry Pickering Sir Rushout Cullen Sir John Cutler Baronets Sir Robert Cotton Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Knights John Willis John Bennett John Cutts Granado Pigott Phillip Cotton Devereux Martyn William Russell Edward Nightingale Edward Pickering Samuell Clarke John Milliscent William Fortrey Thomas Duckat Thomas Bucke John Hagar William Layer senior Thomas Story Edward Leeds Thomas Archer Gilbert Wigmore Humphry Gardiner Anthony Thompson William Layer junior Charles Baron Esquires William Cooke Doctor of Civill Law Thomas Day Tirrell Dalton Sclater Lownes

Esquires Robert Flack Gent.

For the University and Towne of Cambridge

The Vice Chancellor The Mayor for the time being the Honourable John Montague Doctor of Divinity Sir Thomas Chichley Knight Sir John Cotton Baronet Sir Robert Sawyer Knight The Honourable Edward Finch Granado Piggot Esquires George Chamberlaine Joseph Beaumont Humphrey Gower Thomas Smolt John Balderson John Covet Thomas Bainbridge Doctors of Divinity Rodericke George Oxenden William Cooke [[Doctors

of Civill Law Samuell Newton'] Thomas Story John Ewen Thomas Fowles Isaac Watlington John Pepis Thomas Fox John Fage Aldermen William Baron Robert Drake Gentlemen James Johnson Isaac Newton Samuell Peme Esquires

* interlined on the Roll.

184

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 1.

a/.Z).1690.

For the Isle of Ely

Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Doctor Spencer Deane of Ely Sir Sewster Payton Baronet Sir Lyonell Walden Knight William Cooke William Balaam Henry Hitch Doctors of Civill Law William Colville Thomas Edwards Roger Jennings senior Robert Swayne Thomas Wiseman Everade Buckworth Lawrence Hewer alias Oxborough William March John Pamplin William Fortery Thomas Steward Malbome Carill John Twelves Ralph Peirson Thomas Towers Henry Goodricke Sigismond Trafford Richard Read Harrison Esquires

Robert Drake Michaell Beale Gentlemen Roger Jennings junior Esquire Thomas Benion Richard Russell Richard Peachy Gent Samuell Barnardiston Esq.

For the County of Chester

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons and First Lord Commissioner of the Great Seale of England Richard Lord Viscount Colchester Sonne and Heire Apparent of Thomas Earle Rivers Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent of Charles Earle of Maclesfield Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent of James Earle of Abingdon George Lord Delamer Sonne and Heire Apparent of Henry Earl of Warrington The Honourable George Cholmley Esquire Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Thomas Delves Sir Thomas Grosvenour Sir Willoughby Aston Sir Thomas Stanley Sir Peter Warburton Sir John Manwaring Sir Thomas Bel let Sir Richard Brooks Sir Robert Duckenfield Sir John Worden Baronets Sir Robert Cotton Knight and Baronet Sir Jelfery Shakerley Sir John Arderne Sir Roger Puliston Sir John Crew Sir William Clegg Sir Richard Reynolds Sir Josua Allen Knights Thomas Delves Thomas Cotton Nathaniell Booth Thomas Leigh of Adlington Peter Leigh of Lyme Thomas Leigh of Dernhall William Lawton Roger Whitley John Warren William Davenport Peter Leigh of Booths Thomas Daniell Richard Leigh Peter Brookes George Booth Peter Shakerley John Bruen Edward Minshall Roger Manwaring Roger Wilbraham Samuell Davenport George Vernon Richard Lister John Davenport Thomas Masterson Charles Hurleston John Lawton Thomas Whitley Thomas Swettenham Edmond Jodderell Austin Leigh Thomas Aldersey Robert Lee William Minshull Reginald Bretland Richard Wright John Goldsmith Gent Recorder of Congleton Samuell Hardaware Joseph

Hockenhall John Venables William Domvile John Pickering Lawrence Wright William Whitmore Thomas Glasier John Baskervile George Lucy Henry Bradshaw William Jackson Doctor of Physicke Thomas Holliashed George Dod Charles Manwaring William Glegg of Grange John Hardaware and John Traverse Esquires John Egerton of Broxton John Daniell of Darisbury John Davies of Manley John Massy of Coddington Spencer

of Huntington Edward Wright of Stretton Thomas Dodd of Edge Dodd of Broxton

Dodd of Hampton Robert Cholmondeley of Holford George Croxton Richard Leveing Lownds of

Overton William Oldfield of Bradwell John Booth of Twamlow Ralph Walley of Stanthorn Eampson

Esquires John Holford of Midlewitch John Parker of the same Sabbath Church John Tench Gentlemen Thomas Wright Esq, Mayor of Macclesfeild Leigh of Ridgley Esquire Recorder Henry Barber Samuell

Mottershed William Row Peter Wright Gentlemen.

For the City and County of the City of Chester

Nathaniell Williamson Esq Mayor Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Recorder Sir Thomas Grosvenour Baronet Roger Whiteley Esquire Richard Levinge Esq Griffith Williams Esq Deputy Recorder William Streete Thomas Wilcock Richard Wright Henry Lloyd William Ince John Anderson George Mamvaring Peter Edwards William Wilson Hugh Starkey Francis Skellerne Aldermen John Warrington Robert Deintieth Sheriffes William Allen Henry Bennett William Bennett Peter Bennet Alderman Captaine John Sparke Lieutenant John Ilulton Benjamin Cratchley Thomas Hand Thomas Wright William Starkey Robert Hewett John Johnson Richard Oulton Mathew Anderton Edward Starkey Jonathan Whitby John Colbourne Robert Morrey Edward Partington Randle Bathoc Joseph Madocks Samuell Heath.

For the County of Cornwall

The Right Honourable Hugh Boscawen Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Bernard Greenvile Esq Francis [Roberts'] Esq Sir Bourchier Wray Sir John Carew Sir Violl Vivian Sir William Godolphin Sir William Corriton Sir Peter Killegrew Sir Nicholas Slannen Sir John St Aubin Sir John Molesworth Sir Peter Colleton Baronets Sir Joseph Tredenham Sir Walter Moile Sir John Cotton Sir John Tremayne Knights Charles Trcvanian Charles Trelawney Henry Trelawney Samuell Roll John Speccot Daniell Ellyott Jonathan Rashleigh John Buller John Tanner John Prideaux Walter Kendall Joseph Sawle Thomas Darrell Nicholas Glyn John Vivian junior Edward Herle John Connack Samuell Traverse Humphrey Nicholl Arthur Fortescue Hugh Fortescue Humphrey Courtney Edward Ellyott William Mohun John Kendall John Gregor James Kendall John Trefry John Tredenham James Erisey Francis Calmady Ambrose Manaton John Buller junior James Prade William Painter John Bligh Charles Grills Richard Hoblin of Anteron George Robinson William Bond John Clobery Francis Painter John Polewheell Nicholas Morris Emanuell Piper Alexander Pendarves John Waddon William Arscott William Harris Thomas Achim Samuel Enys John Vowell Anthony Chenowith Nathaniell Moyle Christopher Bellott Alexander Carew Samuell Langford Edward Lower Phillip Mayow John Barrett of Killegreen Thomas Penhallow Richard Williams John Murth James Bond Francis Wills Joseph Moyle Jonathan Trelawney George Spry Hugh Jones Henry Vincent Hugh Tonkin Henry Manaton Francis Manaton Shadrick Vincent Walter Vincent Thomas Kelley John Courtney John Hicks of Trevithick Hugh Trevanion William Simonds William Bligh Anthony Rouse James Kestle of Kestle 1

1 Robarts O.

A..DA690.

185

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

Narcissus Lutterell John Ennis Edmond Phillips Charles Trevanian John Hoblin John Nichold of Trewarn Peter Trevissa Thomas Hawkey Henry Gregor Richard Pendarves Richard Bonithon Charles Bonithon William Arundell of Menedarva Christopher Barnes Sampson Hill John Barret of Penquite William Williams of Treworge John Williams of Trethowa John Williams of Carvean William Hooper Thomas Dodson John Clarke Edmond Spore Richard Moyle Esquires Charles Kendall Reginald Bawden Jacob Robins Stephen Robins Thomas Waddon John Foote William Martin William Braddon Reginald Hawkey John Hestell Nicholas Kemp William Hancock Nicholas Archer Thomas Herle John Robins John Cole William Keckwich John Pennock Thomas Johnson John Kegwin Charles Huddy Joseph Marke Thomas Glyn William Cock of Helston William Tregea Gentlemen Charles Trevanian of Tregarthan Richard Harris William Yeo William Ameie Richard Erisey Esquires Christopher Tucker John Foote John Borlase of Pendeen Esquire Thomas Hoblin of St Columbe Richard Smith of Moorewinstow Gent William [Stawen1] Esq Richard Remfry John Haweis Henry Remfry Phillip Hawkins Gentlemen Dennis Glyn Samuell Gilbert William Penrose Edward Knebone.

For the County of Cumberland

Charles Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire Apparent of Edward Earle of Carlisle The Right Honourable Sir John Lowther Baronet one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir William Pennington Sir Wilfred Lawson Sir Richard Musgrave Baronets Sir John Ballentine Sir Daniell Fleming Knights Henry Fletcher Wilfrid Lawson Joseph Hudleston Robert Carlton Thomas Lamplugh Richard Lamplugh Thomas Denton Anthony Hutton Richard Patrickson Christopher Richmond Edward Hasell Miles Pennington Edward Stanley William Christian William Gilpin Ewen Christian Darcy Curwen Leonard Dykes Charles Orpheur John Senhouse Andrew Hudleston Henry Browham Jeremiah Bubb Christopher Musgrave Henry Fletcher of Tallentire John Punsonby Andrew Whelpdale Richard Lamplugh junior Thomas Beach John Winder junior Esquires John Briscoe John Foster John Parke junior Richard Senhouse Thomas Addison James Maxwell Thomas Tickell Charles Smalwood Gent The Mayor of Carlisle for the time being.

For the County of Derby

The Honourable Anchitel Grey Esquire Sir Thomas Greasley Sir Edward Cooke Sir Henry Every Sir Nathaniell Curzon Sir Phillip Gell Sir Paul Jenkinson Baronets Sir Simon Degg Sir Gilbert Clarke Sir Edward Abney Knights Willoughby Gray William Sacheverell Henry Gilbert Francis Munday John Low of Denbigh Mathew Smith Gilbert Munday Henry Keys Paul Jodrell John Osborne Esquires William Horne William Right Edmond Winter William Flamsted Henry Lowe Henry Cope William Hunter John Richardson Samuell Richardson Gent The Mayor of Derby for the time being John Brookhouse Thomas Goodwin Samuell Spateman Edward Walker Solomon Roberts Aldermen Biron Stanhope Samuell Bolton John Adderley Esquires George Beardsley Joseph Parker John Bagnold Samuell Goodwin John Gisborne John Oldershaw Gent John Stanhope Henry Heveningham Walter Horton Walter Burdett Robert Wilmott Robert Harding John Every George Greasley Henry Harpur Henry Kendall Gilbert Thacker William Allestrey John Allen Samuell Holding John Wilkins Esquires John Harpur of Litle Over Richard Sales Gent George Vernon Henry Every Henry Cavendish Robert Coke Godfrey Menell Alexander Stanhope Samuell Pole Thomas Browne Richard Bates Nicholas Wilmott John Burrowres Esquires Robert Doxy Richard Stubbings Samuell Bradshaw Gentlemen Rowland Oakeover John Berisford Richard Leving Nicholas Hurt Thomas Mil ward Robert Milward Esquires John Trott John Stutrin Robert Dale Henry Buxton William James John Hayne Christopher Ley Sampson Baker William Wingfield John Slacke William Allsopp Francis Sleigh Joseph Woodhouse Doctor Botham Gentlemen John Shalcrosse William Eyre Thomas Right Henry Bolgay Henry Gilbert junior John Bullock Esquires John Right John Berisford Thomas Bagshaw Thomas Statham Benjamin Ashton John Stafford John Calvert James Nailer Gentlemen Samuell Pierpoint Edward Finney John Revell George Sitwell Cornelius Clarke John Wigfall Robert Revell Thomas Gladwin Thomas Eyre Robert Moore Robert Ashton Thomas Woolhouse Samuell Halloe Thomas Cotchet John Spateman Esquires The Mayor of Chesterfield for the time being Richard Youle Richard [Coke1]) Peter Dowker Francis Halsworth Aldermen Andrew Clayton John Frogat John Stevinson Thomas Burley John Smithson George Milward John Wingfield Richard Hall Arthur Dakein John Dand Paul Webster Gervase Brough Gentlemen.

For the County of Devon

The Honourable Edward Russell Esq, the Honourable Robert Russell Esq the Honourable John Greenvile Esq Sir George Hutchins one of the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seale Sir Edward Seymour Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Francis Drake Sir Ames Pollard Sir Bourchier Wray Sir Courtney Poole Sir Copplestone Bampfield Sir Francis Northcote Sir William Courtenay Sir John Davie Sir Hugh Ackland Sir William Drake Sir John Fowell Sir Henry Carew Sir Richard Reynell Sir Walter Young Sir Nicholas Slanning Sir Arthur Chichester Sir Peter Colleton Sir Thomas Leere Baronets Sir John Rolle Sir Simon Leach Sir Henry Fane Knights of the Bath Sir George Treby Attourney Generali Sir Thomas Berry Sir Joseph IJerne Sir John Tremaine Sergeant at Law Knights Francis Courtenay Samuell Rolle Henry Portman George Chudleigh Nicholas Morice Richard Duke senior Thomas Reynell Hugh Bampfield John Clobery Richard Coffin William Spurway of Okeford Humphrey Prideaux of Solden Arthur Fortescue of Buckland Fillygh Dennis Rolle of Beame Nicholas Dennis John Cholwich Henry Manaton Gideon Haydon Henry Luscomb Hugh Vaughan Hugh Fortescue Richard Hillersdon Richard Carew of Barly Richard Carew of Anthony John Moore Richard Osborne Charles Kelland William Hockmore Edmond Reynell of Malston iEneas Newton John Northcote of Westwood Bamfield Rodd James Rodd John Rowe Richard Courtenay John 1

1 Scawcn 0. * Cope 0.

3»

18 G

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss.2. c. l.

A.D. 1690.

Coppleston John Blewet Richard Beavis John Burrington John Fry of Yarty Henry Walcombe Thomas Wood Roger Wollacombe Christopher Savery Rowland Whiddon Courtenay Crocker Arscott Bickford Henry Chichester of Coxleigh John Garland Henry Chichester of Hall Martin Rider Charles Hore Richard Langdon of Totnesse John Elwell Richard Lee of Winslade William Coaleman Samuell Foote Sebastian Isaac Henry Walrond John Chichester of Widworthy Jonathan Prideaux William Hayne John Battishill John Sandford Jonathan Elford William Fowell William Bragg Sampson Hele Edmond Parker Thomas Drew William Cary of Clovelly Arthur Champernoon Francis Bassett John Gifford John Arscott of Tedcott Henry Northleigh Edward Yard of Churston Edmond Walrond Arthur Tremaine William Harris of Hayne Richard Shapleigh Francis Fulford Edward Fortescue of Pridleston William Stawell John Quick Hugh Stafford Henry Trelawney John Pole Edmond Prideaux of Ford John Pollexfen George Prestwood John Kellond George Parker Ambrose Manaton Peter Fortescue Nicholas Martin Thomas Bere Josias Calmady Richard Nutcombe John Pratt Barister at Law James Hewish of Sand Edmond Walrond junior Edmond Tremaine Nicholas Rowe James Fortescue James Courtenay William Drake of Netherton Elise Crimes John Fownes John Martin Edmond Pollexfen Peter Beavis John Rose Elize Bartlett senior 1 homas Southcote of Hedge-End George Southcote Henry Fry Edward Lovett William Drake of Yarbery John Fortescue George Yeo Robert Hache Christopher Mayne Lewis Incleton John Spcccott John Tanner Arthur Champneys Ambrose Roopc Christopher Bale Walter Bogan Peter Atkins Anthony Salter John Cruwis Francis Sheppeard Nicholas Lutterell of Hartland John Davie William Savery of[Sclade*] Moses Gould Richard Duke junior Gilbert Yard William Davie Barrister at Law Samuell Tanner Edmond Starre Benjamin Oliver Southcott Lutterell Thomas Ford Esquires John Bidgood Edmund Davie Edward Ford Richard Burthoggc Isaacke Batchlor

of Physicke Doctors of Physicke Jasper Ratcliffe Thomas Southcote of Offwell John Mercer John Upcott John Southele John Velly of Hartland Henry Stephens William Langford of Braddon John Harris of Wortham John Simmonds John Northmore Thomas Sampson Thomas Do&on of Dofton John Cooke Matthias Jenkins John Hanbury John Contee Robert Rouse Richard Parminster John Hache Gentlemen the Mayor of Plymouth for the time being the Mayor of Barnstaple for the time being the Mayor of Bidiford for the time being the Mayor of Totnes for the time being the Mayor of Tiverton for the time being the Mayor of Torrington for the time being the Mayor of Dartmouth for the time being the Mayor of Plimpton for the time being the Mayor of Okehampton for the time being.

For the City of Exeter

The Mayor Aldermen Sheriffe and Common Councill for the time being Sir Edward Seymour Baronet Sir Peter Colleton Baronet Sir George Treby Knight Sir John Tremaine Knight John Bidgood Edmond Davy Thomas Waterhouse and John Osmond Doctors of Physicke James Walker (*) Thomas Gibbond Barrister at Law John Banks John Elwill Christopher Mayne Jasper Ratcliffe Nicholas Brooking Thomas Brooking William Adams Thomas Baron Thomas Potter William Sealy Edmond Starr Richard White Abraham Trout Thomas Gould Robert Rouse John Pratt Councellor at Law William Wescombe Jerome King Daniell Ivy Edward Dally Henry Newcombe.

For the County of Dorsett

Sir John Morton Sir Nathaniell Nappier [Sir Robert NappierJ] Baronets Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir George Strode Sir Henry Butler Sir Mathew Andrewes Knights Thomas Freke Thomas Strangwaies Edward Miller Samuell Rolle Richard Fownes John Banks Robert Freke senior William Okeden junior Thomas Erie Robert Coker senior Robert Coker junior Edward Nicholas William Whitacre John Still Thomas Greene John Poole Sebastian Isaack Thomas Chafin Robert Culliford Thomas Freeke junior Thomas Pile Henry Portman Edward Semour William Strode Robert "Williams Thomas Hardy John Williams Michaell Hervey Francis Mohun Henry Seymour Thomas Chafe Hugh Hodges Sergeant at Law John Eastmont John Fisher Edward Saintloe George Parry Henry Constantine Anthony Ettericke Robert Browne Thomas Trcnchard Richard Brodrip Nathaniell Bond His Majestyes Serjeant at Law Henry Henning Henry Trenchard George Strangways John Hurding William Ettrick William Floyer William Bennet the younger of Hartgrove John Lawrence of Grange William Bowles senior Simon Whetcombe John Ironside John Bowles John Hardy Thomas Turbervile Bullen Reymes Robert Oxenbrig Seamour Bowman Robert Browne Nathaniell Napier William Churchill Richard Swaine Robert Erie George Dawbeny John Mitchell Thomas Skinner Charles Bruine William Sidenham Richard Bingham William Weston Robert Hussey of Stower Paine William Fillioll James Gould Nicholas Gould John Burridge Anthony Floyer Nicholas Hardy William Bennett Richard Rose Richard Burge Robert Pope Andrew Tucker William Wake Robert Stephens William Romaine Nicholas Browne Andrew Loder junior George Lester William Lawrence William Hull Thomas Blandford John Lawrence of White Church George Barber Thomas Bower Arthur Fowkes John Flint Thomas Cockram William Collin of Linch John Pike John Abington Lewis Cockram Roger Mompesson Robert Burredge John Edwards Merchants John Strode of Chauntry Solomon Andrews John Fitts Thomas Chatle John Moore Thomas Gundry Daniell Dugdale Robert Swayne of Corse Richard Swaine Robert Butler Thomas Hawles Richard Newman John Richards Henry Henly Thomas Williams the Mayors of Dorchester Shaftsbury Weymouth and Melcombe Corse Waream Lyme Regis the Bailiffes of Blandford and Bridport for the time being.

For the Town and County of Poole

The Mayor for the time being William White Esqs Recorder Moses Darrell senior the Sheriffe for the time being George Lewrn Captaine Robert Bennet John Carter Shadrack Beale senior Moses Durrell junior William Bowles William Phillips Thomas Smith Thomas Hyde John Pike William Streete William Minty John Gigger John Jabber.

1 Slade 0.

c Esquire O.

J interlined on the Roll.

A.D.\ 690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

187

For the County Palatine of Durham

The Honourable Charles Mountague Esq* Sir Christopher Musgrave Knight and Baronet Sir Ralph Cole Sir James Clavering Sir Robert Eden Baronets Sir Ralph Carr Sir William Bowes Knights Christopher Vane John Tempest William Lambton Robert Bierley Will: Tempest George Morland Henry Lyddell Nicholas Cole Lyonell Vane Francis Bowes Cuthbert Carr William Foster Mark Shafto Robert Jennison John Davison Thomas I^yddell James Clavering John Clavering Robert Elleson John Sedgwick William Blacket Charles Wren Edward Tong Francis Bowes Phillip Bickerstaffe Rowland Place Esquires Thomas Foster of Cornhill Ralph Hedworth Ralph Bales Frevill Lambton Francis Carr James [Micklton1] Richard Midleton Anthony Salvin John Midleton John Elstobb John Hall John Hutchinson Esquires William Greevson William Garth William Johnson Edward Shepardson John Carr John Spearman Captaine Thomas Brasse George Crosier William Wilson William Ettricke Ralph Holmes Abraham Hilton Thomas Watson Thomas Blacket Robert Dixon Gent The Mayor of Durham for the time being the Mayor of Stockton for the time being Arthur Prescott James Cooke Peter Marley William Hutchinson Bernard Doutwaite William Selly of Beale John Wilky Thomas Gray of Morton Thomas Ord of Felkinton Gilbert Ord of Holy Island Bryan Gray of Kiley Ralph Watson Patrick Crow GenL

For the West Rideing of the County of Yorke.

Charles Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heirc Apparent to the Duke of Bolton William Lord Eland Sonne to the Marquesse of Hallifax William Lord Pawlett second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Viscount Downe of the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Sydney Wortley Mountague EsqN Henry Dawney Esq^ Henry Fairfax Esqs the Right Honourable Sir Henry Goodricke one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Thomas Armitage Sir John Kaye Sir William Reresby Sir John Ingleby Sir John Bland Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Franckland Sir George Cooke Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Edward Blacket Sir John Tempest Sir John Cutler Sir Henry Slingsby Sir Lyon Pilkington Baronets Sir Edmond Jennings Sir Ralph Knight Sir John Hewley Sir Jonathan Jennings Sir Michaell Wentworth Sir Patience Ward Sir Stephen Thompson Sir Thomas Hodgson Sir William Lowther Sir John Coghill Knights Henry Lyddell Thomas Franckland Christopher Tanckred William Palmes Robert Bierley Francis Nevill Richard Beaumont of Whitley John Goodrick Walter Calverley Cerill Arthington Welbury Norton Thomas Fawkes William Stockdale Charles Osborne Christopher Lister John Knight Denzill Onslow Arthur Ingram William Wombwell Francis Foulgham John Ramsden of Hatfield Thomas Yorke John Bradshaw Thomas Yarbrough Thomas Vincent William Ellis William Vavasour Henry Thompson Henry Stapleton Inglebert Leeds Anthony Fletcher John Lister of Bawtry Ralph Lowther Henry Hitch Bryon Sunderland Ambrose Pudsey Thomas Lister of Westby Thomas Horton John Eastoft Godfrey Bosvile John Ashton Francis Jessop Metcalfe Robinson John Lambert Henry Edmunds Richard Redmund Thomas Fountagn Jasper Blithman Christopher Wilkinson John Ferrar William Rhodes Thomas Parker Francis White Thomas Dodson John Gill Henry Cooke Miles Staveley John Stanhope of Horseforth Jonathan Jennings William Roundhill Robert Mitford Christopher Adams Roger Portington William Fairfax John Garland William Jennings Mathew Boynton Robert Baines Gervase Nevill John Hatfield of Laughton Cuthbert Wade Richard Staines Christopher Driffield Bennet Sherrard Thomas Hesletine John ^Rockes1] Rowland Norton William Johnston Thomas Kirke Robert Ferrand Tobias Harvey Thomas Lea John Warner Henry Bouch John Atkinson George Towlson Richard Shutleworth William Ingram Andrew Wilkinson John Auby Henry Currer Robert Frank Thomas Wakefield William Bethell Thomas Beech Esquires Richard Hutton Thomas Edmonds senior Thomas Edmonds junior John Batty Gent Simon Sterne Esq, Thomas Rokeby Robert Parker William Norton Armstrong Gregory John Copley Richard Hewit James Greenwood Godfrey Copley Bartin Allott John Savill of Cridlin Benjamin Watts Richard Nettleton Edward Thompson Lawrence \Vrarton Michaell Warton of Bawtry Gentlemen Francis Wheatley Phisician John Spencer of Canan Hall Henry Wood Richard Cholmley of Breame Andrew Holden John Preston Stephen Wilks Thomas Craven Coates of Kilwick Francis EKvicke Thomas Warder of Northcoate Thomas Carleton Cuthbert

Chambers Gregory Fish Josias Midgley Robert Inman Robert Squire Southern Thomas Thompson Benjamin

Mawds Gerase Hill Gentlemen The Mayor and Aldermen of Pontefract the Mayor and Aldermen of Doncaster the Mayor and Aldermen of Rippon the Mayor and Aldermen of Leeds.

For the North Rideing of the County of Yorke

Charles Lord Marquesse of Winton Eldest Sonne to the Duke of Bolton John Lord Viscount Downe of the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Phillip Darcey Esqs Sir Marmaduke Wivell Sir William Leveson Gower Sir William Strickland Sir John Bowles Sir David [Fowles*] Sir John Kaye Sir John Hotham Sir Watkinson Payler Sir Bryan Stapilton Sir. William Frankland Sir John Lowther Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Caley Sir Christopher Wandesford Sir Thomas Pennyman Sir Edward Blacket Sir John Brooke Sir William Chater Sir Marke Milbank Sir William Robinson Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronets Sir William Hustler Sir Babington Bourchier Sir John Hewley Sir Henry Bellasis Sir William Ascough Sir William Bowes Sir Samuell Gerrard Knights Thomas Frankland George Marwood William Palmes Thomas Yorke William Thompson Henry Metcalfe George Smithson Francis Wivell Robert Water Roger Crofft John Wastall John Hutton Roger Talbutt Cornelius Caley Abstrupus Danby John Howe Thomas Croft Edward Hutchinson William Tankred Francis Thompson Bernard Greenvill John Trotter Leonard Smelt Charles Duncomb Christopher Darcy John Dodsworth Thomas Harrison Anthony Lowther Timothy Maleverer

• Mickleton O.

1 Rookes 0.

» Fowlis O.

188

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.l.

A.D. 1690.

Thomas Worsley William Metcalfe John Gibson Thomas Lassells Richard Staynes Daniell Lassells Thomas Wakefield William Chaulenor Francis Hall Theodore Bathurst Edward Thompson Richard Peirs John Peirs William Osbaldeston John Hill junior Thomas Gower John Hopton James Mountaigne Luke Robinson Thomas Pullen Thomas Metcalfe John Beverley John Beilby George Norton Rowland Norton Thomas Cradock Thomas Wivill Humphrey Wharton Constable Bradshaw Thomas Binloes of Hargrave William Dawson Mathew Anglaby Richard Darley Thomas Hesletinc Towers Driffield Thomas Langley Esquires Christopher Pearcy Hay of Whalton Gentleman Roger Covill Esq Do$or Smith of Easby Doctor Henry Squire Leonard Hartley Benjamin Percusse Edward Place William Davill Phillip Prince James Conyers William Kitchinman Robert Bell George Norton Stephen Driffield Robert Bushell Timothy Ford Ralph Porter John Robinson Guy Butler William Farside junior Paul Batty John Cockerill senior Robert Burton William Stoope Roger Lee Gentlemen Thomas Lassells of Soreby Esq., Thomas Pierson Timothy Portington Stephen Thompson Thomas Holmes Mathew Sinales John Robinson of Easby Thomas Guise Robert Crosfield The Mayor and Aldermen of Richmond the Bailiffes of Scarborough for the time being.

For the East Ridcing of the County of Yorke.

Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Charles Boyle Esq George Dawney Esq Sir Francis Boynton Sir John Hotham Sir William Strickland Sir Henry St Quinton Sir Watkinson Payler Sir Thomas Rudston Sir John Legard Sir John Kaye Baronets Sir Michaell Warton Sir Ralph Warton Sir William Cobb Sir Mathew Peirson Sir [James Bradshaw Sir Jonathan Atkins Sir1 ] Richard Osbaldeston Sir John Hewley Sir John Napier Knights Griffith Boynton William Osbaldeston William Grimston Ingleby Daniell Henry Thompson William Gee Henry Guy William Thompson Francis Thompson Mathew Appleyard Charles Osborne John Ramsden James Heblethwaite Ralph Warton Charles Warton Edward Bernard Hugh Bethell Walter Strickland Robert Mountayne Thomas Langley William Bethell John Stapylton Thomas Hesket Robert Pricket John Lister John Eastoft William Dawson Richard Remington Richard Gee Richard Thompson senior Robert Bucke Mathew Alured Thomas Alured Edward Hutchinson Tobias Jenkins senior Tobias Jenkins junior Humphrey Robinson Walter Compton Robert Constable William St Quinton Christopher Lister John Tayler Thomas Southaby Edward Thompson James Moyser John Moyser William Moore Robert Hollis William Headlam Richard Darley Henry Portington Esq Ralph Lutton Benjamin Overton Bernard Lister Gentlemen Charles Hilyard Esq John Bucke John Peirson John Gee Charles Hotham Charles Best William Dickenson Robert Jeggon Edward Bower William Bower William Wilberfosse Philip Wilkinson Thomas Johnson Henry Maisters Thomas Rickaby John Rickaby John Hill William Hudson senior Richard Thompson junior Henry Bernard Christopher Piercy Hay Leonard Robinson of Newton Garth Francis Blunt of the same William Rowsby Gent The Mayor and Aldermen of Beverley the Mayor and Aldermen of Heddon.

For the City of Yorke and County of the same City

The Lord Mayor Aldermen and Sheriffes for the time being Charles Marquesse of Winchester eldest Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairfax Baron Cameron of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Sir Henry Goodricke Knight and Baronet one of Their Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir William Robinson Sir John Brooke Baronets Sir John Hewley Sir Stephen Thompson Knights George Pricket Esq Recorder Toby Wickham Doctor of Divinity Deane of Yorke Henry Watkinson Doctor of Law Henry Thompson Thomas Hutton Henry Stapilton Bennett Sherard William Fairfax of Steeton William Roundell Edward Thompson of Marston Thomas Hesletine John Baines Henry Squire Thomas Langley Thomas Moseley Roger Shackleton Esquires Andrew Perret Thomas Nesbit Thomas Benson Richard [Rynolds*] Phillip Prince Francis Duckworth [Christopher3] Hutton Christopher Breary William Thompson William Hesletine Robert Squire Thomas Holmes Richard Hewitt Richard Sowray Thomas Thompson Nicholas Sugar Thomas Harrison Samuell Walker William Mortimer Gentlemen.

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull

Anthony Ivison Esq Mayor Robert Hollis Esq Recorder Christopher Richardson Thomas Johnson Henry Maisters Simon Sissons Robert Mason Francis Delachamp Phillip Wilkinson Robert Carlile Robert Trippet William Hydes Richard Gray George Battus Aldermen William Hall Sheriffe Charles Osborne John Ramsden John Eastoft William Dawson [John4] Legard Esquires Sir James Bradshaw Knight.

For the County of Essex

The Right Honourable Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scotland The Honourable Robert Bertie Bainister Maynard Richard Barrett Ralph Grey William Maynard Esquires Sir John Barrington Sir William Appleton Sir Samuell Grinston Sir William Hicks Sir Francis Masham Sir Andrew Jenour Sir Thomas Nightingale Sir Richard Everard Sir William Luckin Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Martin Lumley Sir Anthony Abdy Sir John Abdy Sir Thomas Draper Sir Thomas Darcy Sir Gervase Elwes Sir Edward Smith Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Bernardiston Sir Charles Tyrrell Sir William Barker Sir Robert Smith Sir Josiah Childe Sir Peter Soame Sir John Dyer Sir Cave James Sir John Sudbury Baronets Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Farmer Sir Anthony Browne Sir John Sparrow Sir Richard Piggott Sir Thomas Fanshaw Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Gobart Barrington Sir Thomas Chambers Sir Thomas Midleton Sir Edward Turner Sir Thomas Devall Sir John Marshall Sir Mark Guyon Sir Benjamin Thorowgood Sir John Rotheram Sir Samuell Husbands Knights John

A.D. 16.90.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

189

Osborne John Conyers Esquires the Kings Councill Henry Mildmay John Le Mott Honeywood [Henry'] Wroth Collonell John Cutts Francis Ha vey alias Mildmay [Carew Harvey ats Mildmay1] Thomas Luther William Coward Abraham Wessell Thomas Dawtry Robert Bateman Charles Mountague Edward Cary Samuell [Rinolds3] William Palmer William Peck William Pert William Atwood John Greene Josiah Childe Ralph Freeman Richard Hutchinson Thomas Argoll William Glascock James Butler William Campion Joseph Offley Evan Lloyd William Wright Benjamin Desbrow Richard Andrews Francis Barrington Thomas Gardner Christopher Fowler Anthony Brampston Anthony Lowther Nathaniell Tench Richard Vaughan John Rotheram Robert Ashton John Barrington Isaac Rebow Thomas Burgh Brabazon Aylmer William Beaumont Robert Cole John Wale John Simonds William Clopton William Lingwood John Tyndall Timothy Felton Thomas Barrington John Eldred Samuell Westerne John Cox Robert Mildmay John Cooke of Chissell Owen Wynne Samuell Hare Francis Maidstone Edward Bullocke senior Edward Bullocke junior John Lockey Neale of Avery Hatch Thomas Gray John Goodyer

William Walker Thomas Weely Thomas Harlackenden Bowes Thomas Waldgrave John Plummer Giles Dent William Kendall Andrew Searle Alexander Prescott Clutterbucke of Engelston Richard Staines Cuthbert

Martin William Harvey William Scott William Nutt John Pennington Francis St Johns Henry St Johns Thomas Turner John Sparrow John Cressener Henry Glascock AValdgrave Pelham Samuell Wiseman Erasmus Smith John Meade Thomas Abdy Henry Ayloffe Phillip Sattinston John Hothersell Richard Hyde William Mott Edmond Goodwin John Edwards Nathaniell Right John Fanshaw John Luther Luther of Miles Francis

Bradbury Haines Barley senior Haines Barley junior Nicholas Corsellis Ralph Creffield Nathaniell Lawrence Francis Wheeler Samuell Gibbs George Gent Henry Pascall Edward Thoroughgood John Haines John Hopwood John Godbold John Allyn John Larkin Sigismund Trafford Robert Smith Robert Bragg Christopher Grange Nicholas Martin Samuell Rawston Esquires John Elliston Isaac Lutman John Litle Gent James Horsmanden Charles Tyrrell Clerks Marke Mott Samuell Warner Robert Barwell junior Ralph Hawkins Robert Tayler John Bennet William Hcrris Thomas Greene John Josceline Jeremiah Richardson John Savill William Boice John Potter Henry Lambe Thomas Scarlet Nichols John Stilman John Rayner Hope Gifford Richard Willis Charles Wale

of Walden Joseph Sparrow Harrison of Braintree Richard Cowper John Elliott Nicholas Jekill George

Wale of Radwinter Thomas Coe senior John Wiggoner John Rebow Abraham Hodgthome John Witham Gentlemen Robert Williamson Thomas Chambers Esquires.

For the Towne of Malden

The Bailiffes for the time being Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath High Steward Sir Thomas Darcey Sir William [SprignolP] Baronets Charles Mountague Anthony Brampston Esquires John Mathews William Heckford Phillip Railing John Cockcrill John Pond Samuell Pond Thomas Horsenaile Aldermen William Carr Towne CJerke William Vernon Thomas Coe senior John Stevens John Brickwood Ezekiell Finch Thomas Stace Henry May John Straite Thomas Stephens William Coe Thomas Coe junior.

For the Towne of Colchester

The Mayor and Aldermen for the time being John Eldred Recorder Isaac Rebow Esquire Samuell Reynolds Edward Cary Nathaniell Lawrence Ralph Creffield John Shaw Francis Wheeler William Moore Esquires William Boyce John Savile Robert Moore Gentlemen John Rebow Abraham Hedgethome Charles Richardson Thomas Ruse William Mott Esquire Samuell Greet Jacob Fromanteal Mathew Scrivener

For the Towne of Harwich

The Mayor for the time being the Right Honourable Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Thomas Midleton Knight Sir Phillip Parker Baronet Sir Thomas Devall Knight John Eldred Esq^ Thomas Langley John Rolfe Robert Seaman John Browne William Garrard Daniell Smith Charles Smith Aldermen John Phillips Thomas Bradshaw John Westbrowne Robert Lane Henry Munt Henry Cole William Wood Gent.

For the County of Gloucester

Charles Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Beaufort William Lord Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esq^ Master of the Rolls and one of his Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath and Lord Chiefe Baron of Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer and Speaker of the House of Peeres The Right Honourable Sir Henry Capell Sir James Rushout Sir Richard Cox Sir William Kyte Sir Francis Russell Sir Robert Southwell Sir John Newton Sir William Forester Sir Gabrieli Lowe Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Ralph Dutton Sir Richard Onslow Sir Fleetwood Dormer Sir Duncombe Colchester Sir John Ash Sir John Fust Si Richard Hart Sir Thomas Cann Sir John Guise Sir Robert Atkins senior Sir Heale Hooke James Thynne Esq^ Benjamin [Barton5] Richard Dowdeswell Thomas Foley George Pitt Richard Freeman John Mariott junior Charles Dowdeswell William Lane John Parsons junior John Delabeare William Baggot John Carter junior Henry Coxwell William Dewy Thomas Janes Samuell Hawlins Thomas Hales David Warren Anthony Lawrence Danvers Hodges Henry Criswick Nathaniell Stephens Thomas Rawlins Sergeant at Law Thomas Hodges Walter Estcourt John Browning Samuell Trotman William Kingscote William Dennis John Howe John Coxwall William Hall Robert Vesey Andrew Barker Robert Plydall George Hanger Robert Outridge Thomas Maisters Brierton Bouchier Richard Howe Thomas

Smith Thomas Horton Phillip Shepard Thomas Ridler of Edgeworth Henry Chi vers Esquires Thomas Stephens

* John O. * * interlined on the Roll. * Reynolds 0. * Sprignell 0. 4 Barron O.

190

A. I). 1690.

2° Gul. k Mar.

Sess. 2. c.l.

Jonathan Castleman Lionell Rich Peachy Edward Stephens Paul Dodwell Conway Withorne Josua

Aylworth George Bond John Hickford Maynard Colchester Thomas Parke William Madocks Paul Foley Rice Yeates Reginald Pindar William Rogers Wenman Winniatt William Bayly George Lloyd James Mitchell Richard Yeate William Try Thomas Chester Thomas Wise Edward Smith Richard Jones John [Meridiath*,] Thomas Barwell John IJowse Edward Mountague William Pansefoote Thomas Browne of Coslawne John Parkhurst William Winter Samuell Dobbins Michaell Beale William Cooke Edward Cooke William Guise William Selwin Rowland

Wood William Lawrence John Powell Sergeant at I>aw Henry Brett John Cox William Scudamore William

Hodges Stephen Baldwin Robert Codrington Christopher Mountacu Edmond Chamberlaine Samuell Barker John Griffin William Clutterbook Richard Holford Richard Haynes John Stafford Samuell Codrington John Nelin John Berkley William Bovey Thomas Trigg Nathaniell Perke Richard Haw'ard William Winter Pansfoote

Edwrard Smith George Smith William Blathwaite Christopher Cole David Warren Richard Diton Jasper Chapman William George Richard Holford Edmund Madock.

For the City and County of the City of Gloucester

The Mayor for the time being Sir Duncombe Colchester Knight John Powell Sergeant at Law William Cooke William Try John Cox Esquires John Rogers William Lamb Robert Payne John Ewins William Nicholls William Hodges William Corsly William Tayler Aldermen John Githens Gent Peter Haynes Thomas Webb Sheriffes Thomas Browne Thomas Snell William Jourdon Nicholas Webb senior Nicholas Webb junior Samuell Eckly

Samuell Palmer Benjamin Hyott Thomas Webb Arnold Aram Thomas Longdon Edward Gibbs Henry Hutter

Gent John Hyet Benjamin Rose Samuell Lye Samuell Burrougs John Bebb.

For the County of Hereford

The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire Master of the Rolls and one of Their Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill John Lord Viscount Scudamore of Sligo in the Realme of Ireland The Honourable Chambre Brabazon Esqs Sir William Gregory Knight one of the Justices of Their Majesties Court of Kings Bench Sir John Morgan Sir Herbert Croft Sir John Hoskins Baronets Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Winnington Sir Thomas Duppa Sir John Williams Knights Thomas Coningsby of Hampton-Court Thomas Geeres Serjeant at Law William Fines Paul Foley Robert Harley Thomas Price John Birch John Dutton Colt Robert Price James Morgan John Scudamore of Kentchurch Thomas Cornwall of Stepleton Thomas Harley of Kinsham Ambrose Scudamore Richard Reed senior Richard Reed junior Herbert Westfailing Thomas C.ockes Edward Hopton Robert Cornwall Edward Cornwall William Dansey senior William Dansey junior John Arnold Charles Baldwin John Williams Richard Williams of Cabalva Edward Litleton Uvedale Tompkins Robert Chaplin Thomas Foley senior Thomas Foley junior James Gregory John Booth of Letton John How Jeremiah Bubb Edward Jackson Younger Cooke James Penoycr of the Moore [Robert Dobins Robert Minors William Wintour Will Lambe John Nourse Marsyall Bridges Richard Barnby (a) Fardinando Gorges*] (4) Sandys Lechmere John Parry of Dulas Thomas Delahay [Thomas Hewer James Lloyd of the Moore5] Richard Kid ley Esquires John Hoskins of Ponithan William Gwillim of Langstone William Bridges of Colwell John Phillips of the Worlds End John Walsham Samuell Birch John Whittington Henry Jones Gentlemen Anthony Rowden John Powell of the While Francis Baskerville of Eardesley Thomas Wigmore John Kirle John Goodyar James Wellington Gilbert Nicholas Henry Bull Silas Vaughan John Price Esquires Thomas Owen of Litle Brompton Thomas Carpenter of Tillington Richard Skipp James Woodhouse of Woodhouse Essex Sherborne Francis Woodhouse Humphrey Mayo John Woolrich Edward Rodd John Fletcher Francis Geeres John Kidley junior of Fownehope John Hereford of Hom-Lacy James Westfailing John Carver of Upton James Walwine John Hereford of Sufton Daniell Kerry Peter Smith John Smith of Holmer Gentlemen John Abrahall of Ingeston Esqs John Scudamore of Langarron Roger Scudamore of Trccella Thomas Rawlins Esquire William Gwilliam of Langston junior.

For the City of Hereford

The Mayor for the time being John Lord Viscount Scudamore of Sligo in the [Kingdome6] of Ireland Sir William Gregory Knight one of the Justices of Their Majestyes Court of Kings Bench Paul Foley Henry Cornwall Herbert Westfailing Thomas Price Est^s Robert Simonds Thomas Paynard Abraham Seward Thomas Matthews Richard Wadeley Aldermen Gabrieli Bleeke Esq> Hugh Rodd Richard Williams Thomas Clarke senior Thomas Clarke junior Henry Smith Thomas Smith Edward Rodd John Williams senior John Williams junior James Price John Abrahall Richard Gower Edmund Weaver Theophilus Alye Richard Poole Thomas Church Gen?.

For the Burrough of Lempster

The Bayliffe for the time being Thomas Coningsby John Dutton Colt Edward Harley Esquires William Bach Edward Bangham James Powle John Jennings Thomas Hardwick Thomas Manings John Bangham Richard Powle Henry Browne James Caswald Caleb Powle William Phillips.

For the County of Hertford

The Right Honourable Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath and one of Their Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill 'lhe Honourable Robert Cecill Esquire The Honourable Sir William Egerton Knight of the Bath Sir Samuell Grimston Sir John Garrard Sir Richard Franklin Sir John Austin Sir Robert [Joscelin7] Sir William

* Merdiath 0. « of Brockhampton O. 3 interlined on the Roll.

4 Thomas Howorth Robert Payne James Lloyd of the Moore 0. ' interlined on the Roll and omitted in the Original Atb

6 Realme 0. 7 Joicelin O.

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess/2. c. 1.

191

Cowper Sir William Leman Sir Thomas Pope Blount Sir John Brograve Sir Jonathan Keate Sir John Witterong Sir Richard Anderson Sir Edmund Anderson Sir John Reed Baronets Sir Humphrey Gower Sir Charles Cesar Sir Ralph Ratcliffe Sir Thomas Bide Sir William Litton Sir John Bucknall Sir Robert Marsham Sir Francis Leigh Sir William Parkins Sir Nicholas Miller Sir Adam Ottley Sir Benjamin Tichburne Knights George Churchill Silus Titus Henry Guy Robert Austen Thomas Austen William Gore John Gore Ralph Freeman senior Ralph Freeman junior Robert Elwayes Thomas Halsey John Plummer Edward Chester William Cowper George Munson Francis Flyer Jeremiah Hale Thomas Priestly Thomas Atkins Israeli Mayo Edward Briscoe senior Edward Briscoe junior William Briscoe Thomas Aram Gilbert Hoo Keat George Hadley James Witterong James Stedman John Charleton William Emmerton Thomas Emmerton James Forrester James Gulston Mathew Blucke James Berners William Newce Samuell Robinson James Wilmott Thomas Stone John Gardener Roger Coningsby Marmaduke Rawden Thomas Arris Robert Robotham John Gape senior Henry Childe Richard Holder Goodwin Barrington John Methwen Joseph Marsh Thomas Ellis George Nodes Ralph Wingate Thomas Bird of Mattacks Bernard Turner Paris Slaughter John Buncombe George White Uaniell Shelden Edward Saires John Weatherhead Esquires John Leman Josua Lomax Thomas Lomax John Wool lest on Thomas Nicholls of Bushey John Gape junior Eynon Bynon Thomas How Thomas Windford Edward Seymour Francis King John Poyner Nudigate Pointz Gentlemen Thomas Bownest Esq* John Woodhouse Batchlour in Physicke Edmond Smith William Greenhill John Jenkins Gentlemen The Mayors of Saint Albans and Hertford for the time being.

For the Borough of St Albans

The Mayor Recorder and Aldermen for the time being Sir Samuell Grimston Baronet George Churchill Thomas Arris John Gape Robert Robotham Esquires.

For the County of Huntington

The Honourable Robert Mountague Esq* The Honourable Sidney Wortley Mountague Esq* The Honourable Richard Mountague Esq* Sir John Cotton Sir Robert Bernard Baronets Charles Mountague John Proby John Dryden John Conyers Robert Appriece Arthur Tumour Charles Cesar John Bigg Anthony Hamound Richard Nailour William Nailour James Torkington John Ferrer John Pockington Robert Pulline Philip Storey Robert Throckmorton John Trice Richard Drury Esquires Robert Clarke Richard Winde Richard Hatley William Fuller James Wright Thomas Gilbert Edward Checkley William Love Gent.

For the Towne of Huntingdon

The Mayor for the time being The Honourable Sidley Wortley alias Mountague Esq* The Honourable Richard Mountague Esq* John Pocklinton Esq* George Meritt Richard Astrey James Fairside William Downe Thomas Sayer Joseph Barlow Thomas Harris Angell Gens.

For the County of Kent.

Anthony Lord Viscount Faulkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairfax Baron of Cameroon of the Kingdome of Scotland The Honourable Sir Vere Fane Knight of the Bath The Honourable Peregrine Berty Esq* Sir William Twisden Sir Charles Sidley of Southfleet Sir Charles Sidley of Saint Cleare Sir Thomas Roberts Sir Henry Palmer Sir Phillip Boteler Sir Thomas Culpeper of Aylesford Sir Thomas Stiles Sir George Rivers Sir Bazill Bixwell Sir John Knatchbull Sir John Rainy Sir Robert Hales Sir Stephen Leonard Sir Humphrey Millerd Sir John Marsham Sir William Honeywood Sir Thomas Pierce Sir John Banks Sir Nathaniell Powell Sir John Austen Sir Thomas Selyard Sir Anthony Aucher Sir John Fagg Sir James Oxenden Sir William Swan Sir Robert Filmore Sir John Shaw Sir John Cutler Sir Roger Twisden Sir William Cooper Sir Francis Lawley Sir George Chute Sir Thomas Tailor Sir John Mordant Sir John Lethelier Baronets Sir William Pritchard Sir John Darrell Sir George Curteis Sir Charles Bickerstatfe Sir Henry Boswell Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Robert Faunce Sir Nicholas Toke Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir Robert Marsham Sir James Hayes Sir Joseph Williamson Sir William Langhorne Sir William Hooker Sir Edward [Masters1 ] Sir Purbccke Temple Knights Colloncll Beaumont Lieutenant of Dover Castle Christopher Vane Robert Smith Thomas Fane Edward Roper Edward Hales Thomas Knatchbull William Watton [Jeffery Amhurst Charles Amhurst1] Thomas Rider William Campion Caleb Banks John Leech Robert Lewkener Gideon de Laune John Kitchell Esquires George Harlackenden Gentleman William Boyes of Hawkhurst William Henden Robert Austen senior Robert Craford James Masters of Langden Walter Breamcs Herbert Randolph Esquires John Boyes Gentleman John Thurbone Serjeant at Law William Hammond Gent George Scott Esquire James Chadwicke William Kingsley junior Christopher Mills Samuell Short Esquires William Brockman of Bitchburrow William Brockman of Cheriton John Crump Thomas Moile Gentleman Thomas Papillon Thomas Munn Francis Bathurst Esquires John Plummer of Northdowne William De Laune Thomas Sackvill James Bunce George Petty William Selby George Polhill John Hide Major Gibbons Robert Gibbon John Cooke Thomas Osborne James Herbert Ralph Buskin John Brewer John Packer Thomas Dallison Edward Gulston Reynold Peckham William Cage Nicholas [Miller3] John Wilkinson Richard Godden John Knatchbull Andrew Brewer Thomas Manley Esquires Thomas Scott William Honeywood Gentlemen George Sayers Vice-Chamberlaine to the yuecne Dowager John Le Mott Honeywood William Hugesen Leonard Diggs Thomas Gomelden Julius Deeds John Sherman Christopher Deering Esquires Gerrard Goore Nicholas Cooke Gentlemen Vincent Denn Serjeant at Law George Elcock Esquire William Jacob Doctor of Physick Henry Oxenden Henry Hawley Richard

1 Musters 0.

9 Charles Amhurst Jeffery Amhurst 0.

1 Millerd 0.

m

2° Gul. 6c Mar. Sess. 2. c.l.

A.D. 1690.

Oxenden John Mitchell Esquires Doctor John Taylor Francis Clerke Esq-, Captaine Pettit of Thannet Moses Napleton Gent Herbert Palmer Wortley Whorwood Henry Lee Esquires John Whitfield Henry Godden Charles Bargrave William Courthope Gentlemen Robert Heath John Evelin Edward Austin William Lambert William Ash Esquires William Wilkinson John Mascall Phillip Bartholomew Gent George GitTord Francis Farnaby Ralph Petley William Swan John Buggins Robert Austin junior James Codd Alexander Culpeper Samuell Plumer Esquires William (1) White Gent John Cripps of Maidstone Roger Paine Thomas Napleton Esquires Thomas Godfrey of Hoddiford Gent George Rooks Edward Nutt Henry Marsh Thomas Brewer of Northfleete Thomas Washer Robert Mitchell Thomas Blisse Jeffery Boise Edward Boise Samuell Shaw John Cason Thomas Hales senior Phillip Papillon Thomas Hales junior George Curteis Esquires George Maplesden Charles Courthope Thomas Turner Gentlemen Thomas Adrian John Fotherby Francis Barrell Thomas Selyard Christopher Allison Henry Sandis Percivall Hart Edward Manning Edward Brent James Fortrey Edward Grace Creswell Draper Edward King Thomas [Gilford*] Edward Bettison Edward Toke Esquires The Mayor of Rochester for the time being The Mayor of Maidstone for the time being John Bloome Charles Fagg Gentlemen William Randolph John Culpeper Esquires Thomas Meredith Gent Humphrey Stiles Esq., Richard Hulse of Bethersden Gent George Withwicke Gen (Thomas Withwicke Esq* Thomas Brett William Brett Gent Edward Manley of Wooldham the Jurats of Maidstone being Justices of the Peace John Eve Gent the Bayliffe and Expcnditors of Rumney Marsh for the time being Benjamin Godfrey John Bond Major Nettit of Maidstone William Turner Bamham Powell [ Esquires3] Thomas Morris Gent William James Esq* Captaine Tomlin Mr Coppin of Deale Christopher Mason Christopher Sherman Christopher May Edward Bathurst Thomas Marsh Gent Charles Kenrick John Linch Esquires Thomas Chaffinch John Baron Gentlemen William Spencer Esq* Captaine Curthope The Mayor of Gravesend for the time being Christopher Waters Gent William Yardley Esquire William Culpeper of Hollingbourne George Etkins John Christmas Thomas Cooke of Bobbing Place William Tyndall William Courthope Esquires Captaine Richard Simons Captaine Francis Wheeler George Cartar Gent Charles Cesar Esq Henry Parker Robert Minors Esquire Governour of Upnoare Castle John Moyse William Watson Bartholomew Gent Francis Brookes Gent John Dyke Esq*

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury

Henry Waddell Esq* Mayor Vincent [Deane4] [Esq*5] Sergeant at Law Recorder Sir William Honeywood Sir Anthony Aucher Baronets Henry Lee John Cason Edward Nutt Esquires Herbert Randolph Jeffery Boyes William Turner William Courthope Esquires William Jacob Doctor of Phisick John Taylor Doctor at Law John Whitfield William Watson Gentlemen Thomas Fidge Thomas Knoller Nicholas Nicholson Thomas Dunkin William Guilbert John Gnarling Squire Bennerton Henry Gibbs and Francis Jeffery Aldermen.

For the Towne and Port of Sandwich

The Mayor and Jurats for the time being John Thurbome Serjeant at Law Edward Brent Esq* Richard Hawker Towne Clerke.

For the Towne and Port of Dover.

The Mayor for the time being Thomas Papillon and James Chadwicke Esquires Captaine William Stokes George West William Richards John Bullock Nicholas Cullen senior Thomas Scott Edward Wivell Edward Francklin Jurats Sir Abraham Jacob Knight Nathaniell Denew John Matson Frederick De Vinck Robert Jacob Thomas Raworth John Ford Charles Johnson William Eaton Phillip [Yorke5] Abraham Stock and Nicholas Cullen junior Gent

For the Towne and Port of Rumney

The Mayor for the time being Sir Charles Sidley Barronet John Brewer Esq* John Chalker John Hunt Peter Martin Richard Baker Jurats William Finch Anthony Evans and Peter Evans.

For the Towne and Port of Hyeth

The Mayor for the time being Sir Phillip Boteler Baronet William Brockman Esq Julius Deedes Esq Robinson Beane Henry Deeds William Browne Claudius Clares Elias Bassett Jurats Thomas Toumay Gentleman.

For the Towne of Fordwich

The Mayor for the time being Samuel Short Esquire.

For Feversham

The Mayor for the time being Charles Kendricke Esq Thomas Napleton Thomas Knoller John Marsh Thomas Waterman and Joseph Edwards Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Folkeston

The Mayor for the time being Sir Bazill Dixwell Baronet William Brockman Esq Mr William Jenkins Miles Jacob Thomas Fagg Robert Hammond Gibbon Ladd and Thomas Jenkins Gent

For the Towne of Lidd

Julius Deeds Henry Wynne Esquires John Bateman Humphry Lee William Batchelour Nicholas Dye.

A.D. 1690.

193

2° Gul. 8c Mar. Sess. 2. c. I.

For the Towne of Tenterden

The Mayor for the time being Sir George Chute Robert Austen Esq., Robert Wightwicke James Skeats William Curties John Mantle Thomas Sharpe Thomas Marshall Gent.

For the Towne and Port of Winchelsea

The Mayor for the time being Edward Martin Thomas Hovenden John Richardson Richard Head Thomas Simons.

For the Towne and Port of Hastings

The Mayor for the time being Thomas Lovell Captaine John Hyde Phillip Lovell Captaine John Millard Richard Holman John Medhurst Jurates.

For the Ancient Towne of Rye The Mayor for the time being John Spaine Michell Cadman Nicholas Manouch John Smith and Henry Goldsmith.

For the County of Lancaster

Richard Lord Colchester Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Earle Rivers Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Earle of Macclesfield the Honourable James Stanley the Honourable Fitton Gerrard [ Esquires'] the Honourable Hugh Willoughby the Honourable George Cholmondeley William Spencer Esquires Sir Charles Hoghton Sir Edmond Asheton Sir Henry Ashurst Sir Thomas Stanley Sir Ralph Ashton Sir Robert Duckingfield Sir Richard Standish Sir Henry Ashurst Baronets Sir Jefferey Shackerley Sir John Chichley Sir Edward Chisehale Sir Daniell Fleming Knights Sir Edward Moseley Peter Hugh Peter Bold Thomas Norres James Holt Roger Kirkby Thomas Preston Edward Fleetwood Henry Farrington Alexander Rigby of Layton Lawrence Rawstorne William Hilton Thomas Greenhalgh Alexander Butterworth Thomas Braddill John Starkey Robert Parker Richard Asheton of Caerdale [Johnx] Lightboane John Entwistle Thomas Dodd Stephen Alcock Thomas Parker Christopher Parker Thomas Ashurst Thomas Bancks James Duckenfield Richard Brooke James Chatham of Turton John Hopwood junior Joshuah Horton John Hartley Joseph Yeates John Warren Alexander Rigby of Midleton Edward Rigby Thomas Rigby of Wrea Christopher Wilkinson Ralph Longworth Peter Shackerley Christopher Greenfield Anthony Parker Roger Kenion James C.hetham of Smedley Silvester Richmond Peter Egerton William Hulme of Daryhulme John Braddill Thomas Richardson William Kirkby Thomas Cole Roger Moore Edward Wilson Miles Sands Thomas Shierson Benjamin Hoghton Thomas Mort Alexander Maudesley Ralph Livesay senior Edward Rishton Nicholas Townley Roger Lacy William Apleton John Ashton Thomas Bretherton Nicholas Starkey Thomas Lever Thomas Dickinson Richard Entwisle William Fleming Edward Herle Thomas Rigby of Aspull Edward Ogle Oswald Moseley George Pigot John Veale Henry Rigley Joseph Grey William Maghall Thomas Pattent Thomas Serjeant Esq*, of Warrington William Patten John Savery Ralph Egerton Richard Fleetwood Alexander Ratcliffe William Emmott William Molineux Nathaniell Molineux Edward [Boothe'] Richard Haworth Peter Ormerod Thomas Rishton Nicholas Hammond George Sharpies Jonathan Blackburne William J-owd Edmund Hornby Richard Longworth Thomas Smith Thomas Fife William Sclater Richard Riveington John Case Thomas Cooke Thomas Aynsworth James Asheton Cuthbert Holland Andrew Dandy Jeofrey Roby John Clayton Thomas Clayton Richard Hoghton Thomas Wilson Ralph Livesay junior William Asheton Alexander Davies John Sorocold John Lawnders Robert Bootle Robert Mollineux Richard Percivall John Wright Henry Latham James Asheton Thomas Percivall Josua Nuttall Martin Willis Thomas Bradshaw Thomas Grantham John Copley Joseph Fletcher Robert Atkinson George Allenson John Widdowes Miles [Whittaye4] John Allen Peter Worthington William Leigh John Johnson Robert Sturzaker Robert Shaw Nathan Abram [JeremiahSmethurst George Derbyshire Robert ilalliwell James Holland Edmond Tayler Richard lloghton Ralph Fincham Thomas Wilson Richard Dickinson John Talson of Grisdell Gentlemen The Mayor and Bailiffes of Lancaster for the time being Charles Rigby Esqs John Foster William Penny Henry Jones Josua Partington Thomas Greenwood Gentlemen Thomas Catterell John Hodgeson The Mayor Aldermen and Bayliffes of the Burrough or Towne of Preston for the time being John Ferrers Edward Rigby Alexander Johnson Esquires Doctor Charles Lee John Walker Daniell Chadwick John Adderton Joseph King John Francks John Cockshutt James Asheton William Patten William Lemon the elder Christopher Nowell Richard Langton William Hebson Thomas Greenfield John Law Henry Sollom Richard Hartley Ralph Rishton Joseph King Gentlemen Roger Sudell senior Roger Sudell junior William Shaw William Cotton The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Bayliffes for the Burrough of Wygan for the time being Edward Earle The Steward of the Burrough of Newton for the time being George Leigh Legh Bowden Gentlemen The Bayliffes of the Corporation of Cliderow for the time being John Lister Arthur Ashton Edmund Robinson Robert Sclater John Webster Thomas Alston William Oddy Gentlemen The Mayor and Bailiffes of Leverpoole for the time being William Clayton William Williamson James Prescott Richard Wyndle Thomas Tyrer Aldermen Alexander Norres Peter Atherton John Molineux Thomas Johnson junior Gent.

For the County of Leicester

The High Sheriffe for the time being Thomas Lord Beaumont of the Kingdome of Ireland Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland the Right Honourable Sir William Rawlinson one of the Lords Commissioners for the Great Seale of England Sir William Villers Sir Thomas Hesilrig Sir Beaumont Dixie Sir Henry Hudson

1 Esquire 0. « James 0. 3 Bootle 0. * Whiltacre O. 5 Jeremy O.

3D

194

a.d.mo.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

Sir William Holford Sir Thomas Beaumont Sir John Noell Sir William Ellis Sir Edward Abney Baronets Sir Ambrose Phillips Sir Edward Wigley Sir William Yorke John Cooke Jeffery Palmer Richard Lister senior John De la Fountaine John Verney Chais Moris Thomas Boothby Robert Hesilrig William Boothby William Hartopp Thomas Babbington St John Bennet Thomas Caldecote William Cole William Bird Charles Duncombe Samuel! Cotton Thomas Pochin senior Thomas Pochin junior Wiliam Streete William Whaley junior Roger Roe Roger Smith George Pochin Christopher Packe Henry Hastings Mathew Johnson Thomas Wilson Edward Needham Stanhope Whaley William Franke Thomas Noble William Jesson George Hewit Richard Brudnell Edward Needham junior John Danvers Stanton of Langton Rowland Browne Edward Conniers Francis Needham Richard

Bradgate Lawrence Carter William Bainbrigge Edward Hudson Edward Smith William Palmer Richard Lister junior [George Morton'] George Ashby William Faunt Henry Kendall John Wilkins William Herricke John Wilson John Steele William Wooleston Woolleston Dixie Nathan Wright John Major John Oneby William Harper John Harper Thomas Lewes James Armston Thomas Chamells Michaell Wrightson Francis Mundy John [Bainbridge*] William Belgrave Henry Heveningham John Chainbcrlaine William Rawlins William Jarvis William Rawlins junior Henry Turner John Benskin John Streete Henry Gilbert Esquires William [Watson3] Thomas Palmer William Major John Hood Theophilus Greene John Goodman William Atkins Tirringham Stephens John Coles Robert Freeman Robert Johnson Thomas Andrews George Vincent William Billers Mathew Dison Thomas Miles of Shenton Charles Jennens Robert Heslerig junior Gent.

For the Bur rough of Leicester

John Goodall Esq., Mayor of the Burrough of Leicester and the Mayor for the time being Nathan Wright William Franke John Major Esquires William Southwell William Deane George Becket Phillip Abney John Roberts George Bent William Bentley Francis Ware Joseph Craddock Mathew Symonds William Billers William Major Thomas Palmer junior Thomas Wells John Watts John Wilkins John Bent John Dan Edmond Johnson Gabrieli Hill Gentlemen Sir Edward Abney Knight Laurence Carter Esq, John Kilpin John Brooksby Thomas Palmer senior Edmond Cradock Thomas Lawrence John Norris Captaine Cox William Sheeres Gent

For the County of Lincolne and City of Lincolne and for the County of the said City

The Right Honourable William Lord Pawlet second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton The Right Honourable George Lord Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Bennet Lord Sherrard in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Nicholas Sanderson The Honourable Peregrine Bertie the Elder The Honourable Charles Bertie senior The Honourable Peregrine Bertie the Younger The Honourable Phillip Bertie The Honourable Charles Sanderson The Honourable William Mountague Craven Howard Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Monson Sir Thomas Hussey Sir John Newton Sir John Brownlow Sir John Firwitt Sir Robert Markham Sir John Thorold Sir Willoughby Hickman Sir William Ellis Sir Richard Cust Sir Edward Hussey Sir William Buck Sir Richard Rothwell Sir John Oldfield Sir Thomas Trollop Sir John Bowles Sir Walter Clarges Sir Thomas Bernadiston Sir Robert Barkham Baronets Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Edward Ascough Sir Thomas Rolte Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Massingberd Sir John Sherrard Sir Thomas Skipwith Baronets Sir William Yorke Sir Christopher Ncvill Sir Edmond Turner Knights Sir Henry Herne Knight of the Bath Charles Dimmocke Champian Charles Pelham William Marwood Thomas Broughton Thomas Skipweth Thomas Lister Henry Stone Robert Riley Noah Neale Edward Paine Edward Montague John Saunders William Welby William Hyde senior William Hyde junior Anthony Palmer Christopher Clapham Sir Pury Cust The Mayor Aldermen Recorder and Sheriffcs of the City of Lincolne The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Grimsby The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Boston The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Stamford The Alderman of Grantham William Hascard Thomas Walton Edward Seeker Doctor Lee John Key Edward Coddington Simon Grant Robert Cole Thomas Ireland Thomas Cole Nicholas Bccke William Clarke Nathaniell Garthwaite Gentlemen Anthony Wingfield Charles Halford Peregrine Bertie of Gedney Esquires The Warden of Louth John Newton Mountague Cholmley William Brownlow Richard Winch Stephen Rothwell William Trollop Peregrine Bucke John Micklethwaite John Goodricke Richard Pell Samuell Luddington Esquires John Browne William Montague Gentlemen Sir Edward Farmer Baronet John Bolt John Wood Benjamin King Andrew Burton Gentlemen Gilbert Bury Esq Peter Bird Gent Thomas Bury Ciprian Thornton Edward Tourney David Field Gent William Chapman John Chaplin Christopher Berrisford Thomas Hall Vincent Grantham Francis Grantham George Whichcote George Nevill Bryan Nevile Christopher Aiscough William Oldfield Esquires The Deane and Chapter of Lincolne Robert Cawdron George Hall Thomas Cowley John Harvey Esquires Lake George

Fairfax Thomas Young William Thompson Gent John Hussey Mathew Lister Mathew Trollop Robert Rither senior Dymocke Walpoole John Fisher John Bishop Esquires Richard Torksey John Pindar George Knight Christopher Palmer Gent Sigismond Trafford Francis Durley Peter Short Robert Archer Esquires Benjamin Smith Richard Cuthbert George Newcomen Gent Charles Fox Rawston Hart Edward Browne of [Hublin'] Charles Bates John Toller George Langton senior George Langton junior Charles Hutton Robert Fisher Francis Anderson Edmond Anderson Edwin Anderson John Ely Esquires Thomas Aiscough John How John Greene junior Gent Janies Ashton Knott of Hupswell John Towne George Smith William Bonner Gcnf Joseph Edmonds Johnson

of Witham Henry Jenkinson Henry Burrell Captaine Pownell Reuben Sparkes John Jay Walter Johnson Esquires William Wallet William Ambler Francis Corey Gent Martin Johnson Robert Tirwhitt Esquiers Peter Mapletoft John Emerson Thomas Harnesse John Butler William Cawthropp Gent Daniell Deline Robert Saunders Esquires Adam Bland Richard [Nelthorp1] John Thorold Isaac Newton Esquires John Burslen Thomas Colinon Thomas Tegh Major Coney John Smith of Snelland Thomas Williamson Esquires John Burton William Cotton John

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

195

Apleyard Francis Aiscough F.squires Thomas Webberly John Key John Evans William Taylour of Heckingtoa Edward Curteous Lewis Hurst Tomlin of Riby Gent Anthony Burton Gent Humphrey Hyde Benjamin

Cuthbert George Clayton Gent William Stamford Gent John Micklethwaite junior Thomas Turney Esq> Sir George Marken John Quinzey John Garland Gent.

For the Citv of London

Sir Thomas Pilkington Knight the present Lord Mayor Sir John Lawrence Sir William Turner Sir William Hooker Sir James Edwards Sir Robert Clayton Sir Patience Ward Sir John Moore Sir William Pritchard Sir James Smith Sir Robert Jefferies Sir George Treby Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Peter Daniel! Sir Peter Rich Sir Thomas Stampe Sir Sarnuell Dashwood Sir Benjamin Thorowgood Sir [Thomas'] Kensy Sir William Ashurst Sir Thomas Lane Sir John Flett Sir Humphrey Edwin Sir John Parsons Sir John Houblon Sir Edward Clarke Sir Francis Childe Knights John Wildman Richard Levett William Gore Esquires Sir John Cutler Sir Sarnuell Bernadiston Sir John Morden Sir Benjamin Ayloffe Sir Richard Temple Sir Henry Ashurst Baronets Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Benjamin Newland Sir John Mathews Sir James Ward Sir John Lethieulier Sir Thomas Vernon Sir William Russell Sir Robert Adams Sir Jeremy Sambrooke Sir Mathew Andrews Sir Thomas Fowles Sir Thomas Rawlinson Sir Gabrieli Roberts Sir Simon Lewes Sir William Dodson Sir Bazill Firebrace Sir Francis Massom Sir Joseph Herne Sir Edward Desbovery Sir William Hedges Sir Ralph Box Sir Thomas Cooke Sir Stephen Evans Knights Sir John Cope Sir John Browne Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir John Shaw Sir Thomas Chambers Sir Robert Masham Baronets Thomas Papillon Esq., Doctor Henry Newton Chauncellor of London Sir John Morden Baronet John Perry Thomas West erne William Strong Nathaniell Hawes John Machell Esquires Foster Baker

John Fouch Nicholas Carleton William Hooker Jeffery Jefferyes Anthony Sturt Charles Chamberlainc Richard Alye John Buck worth Paul Wicks John Nicholls Ambrose Istead Arthur Champnyes John Bathurst James Houblon George Sitwell Charles Thorold Arthur Baron Richard Garth John Kent Charles Duncombe Daniell Sheldon Thomas Goddard William Ivatt Nathaniell Hornby John Crispe Robert Boddington Nathan Burdett Francis Gosright Thomas Rider Henry Spelman Doctor Henry Newton Henry Hunter Esquires Thomas Manning Peter Floyer Richard Norinansell Charles Feltham Robert Litlebury Thomas Gardner Henry Leaves Peter Joy John Cooke William Pellatt William Withers Thomas Blackmore Percivall Gibbourne Nicholas Caplin John Kent John Knapp John Cooke William Faulkner John Genew Francis Chamberlainc Edward Sherwood William Woodroffe John Midgley James Oades George Newland Thomas Langham Walter Coventry Daniell Allen William Pett William Jarrett Francis Dashwood John Freeman Arthur Stavely William Craddocke Sarnuell Clarke John Morris Isaac Houblon Robert Masters Richard Acton William Warren Lawrence Dyer Herbert Alwin Thomas Jieve Thomas Wood Anthony Balam William Newberry Henry Clerke Richard Yerbery Thomas Tuckford Thomas Sandford Sarnuell Gerrard Francis Griffith John Johnson Peter Pickering Thomas Dashwood Richard Hoare Nicholas Alexander Robert Bedingfield Thomas Darwin James Smith Rupert Browne James Wood James Fowles Joseph Hornby Richard Nicholls Robert Raworth Francis Brcrewood Richard Goodall Thomas Salter Sarnuell Oungley Nicholas Smith Thomas Collett John Cullum Richard Edmondson Thomas Eyres George Peeke Thomas Watts William Fitzackerley John Flavell John West John Moore Godfrey Woodward Thomas Crane William Carpenter William Whitehall Thomas Bearccliffe Abraham Jaggard William Lewen Richard Holder Hugh Stroud John Rawley William Potts John Fensall Robert Brabourne Robert Whittingham Edward Beaker John Ashby William Stamper F.dward Phillips George Cole James Clement Edmond Prideaux Lieutenant Collonell Peirce Thomas Phelp Henry Crispe Richard Bristoe Sarnuell Trotman Esquires John Westcott Sir F.rasmus Smith Sarnuell Somerford Esq^ FYancis ThacV r Edmond l^hillips Inquires Thomas Cuddon Augustin Ballow William Robinson Thomas Irirmin.

For the County of Middlesex The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons First Lord Commissioner of the Great Seale of England The Right Honourable Richard Hambden Esq^ Chauncellour of Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer and one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Charles Lord Herbert Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Ilcire Apparent to his Grace the Duke of Beaufort The Right Honourable Edward Russell Esqv Sonne to the Earle of Bedford Charles Lord Cheney of the Kingdome of Scotland Anthony Lord Faulkland of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Henry Lord Colerain of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent to Charles Earle of Maclesfield The Right Honourable Sir William Rawlinson and Sir George Hutchins Lords Commissioners of the Great Seale of England Sir John Holt Knight Lord Chiefe Justice of Their Majestyes Court of Kings Bench The Right Honourable Henry Powle Flsq^ Master of the Rolls Sir Henry Pollexfen Knight Lord Chiefe Justice of Their Majestyes Court of Common Pleas Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath Lord Chiefe Baron of their Majesties Court of the Exchequer The Right Honourable Hugh Boscowen Esq^ The Honourable Henry Pagett Esq^ The Honourable Sir Robert Howard The Honouiable Craven Howard The Honourable Edw'ard Mountague The Honourable Henry Priestman [ Esquires*] The Honourable Thomas Newport Esq^ Sir Charles Gerard Baronet Sir William Cooper Sir William Roberts Sir Anthony Craven Sir William Smith Sir Cave James Sir Richard F'isher Sir Paul Whichcott Sir William Barkham Sir Thomas Pope Blunt Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Richard Nudigate Sir Henry Ashurst Sir John Bancks Sir William Williams Sir Henry Marwood Sir Richard Onslow Sir Roger Langley Sir John Cutler Sir Phillip Cartright Sir Sarnuell Bernardiston Baronets Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Poultney Sir Walter Clarges Sir * Robert Henley Sir Thomas Bide Sir John Elves Sir James Butler Sir Thomas Row Sir Richard Dounton Sir William Hill Sir Francis Pemberton Sir Henry Johnson Sir Orlando Gee Sir Theodore De Vaux Sir Thomas Kensey Sir Bazill Firebrasse Sir William Hedges Sir Mathew Andrew's Sir Charles Cotterell Sir Edward Waldoe Sir Thomas Grantham

James 0.

* Esquire 0.

196

A.n.\690.

2° Gul. 6c Mar. Scss.2. c. 1.

Sir John Roberts Sir Purbecke Temple Sir William Parkins Sir Goddard Nelthorpe Sir Edward Abney Sir Adam Oatley Sir James Astrev Sir Thomas Hodgshon Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Sir Michaell Hencage Sir William Ashurst Sir William Pritchard Sir William Wogan Sir Charles Umfrevill Sir John Trenchard Sir Charles Lee Sir James Smith Sir Thomas Chambers Sir John Bucknall Sir Edmond Walcupp Sir Francis Childe Sir Thomas Rawlinson Sir George Treby Their Majestyes Attoumey Generali Sir John Sommers Their Majestyes Sollicrtor Generali Knights Peregrine Bertie Charles Mountague Ralph Hawtrey Robert Dormer Richard Onslow Esquires Thomas Dove Brooke Bridges Esquires Auditors of Their Majestyes Imprest John Phelips Esq Auditor of 'Eheir Majestyes Court of Exchequer Nicholas Raynton John Wolstenholm William Draper Josua Galliard James Munday William Avery John Smith Adam Andrewes Edward Harris John Walker of Hadley John Huxley John Bathurst Thomas Austin William Austin William Tate William Blucke Peniston Whaley Cheeke Gerrard Thomas Francklin Richard Page John Baggs John Nicholi Lancelott Lake Edmond Prideaux John Carpenter Thomas Nappier George Sitwell Edward Maplesdcn Richard Shoreditch John Stannion Lancelott Johnson Richard Bowaker John Baldwin Francis Goston Roger Jennings John Jennings Francis Merrick Thomas Harrison John Walker of Hillenden James Chadwick William Mellith James Southaby Elenry Hawley Christopher Clitherow William [Glaston1] Nicholas Grice John Davenport Richard Parker Robert Beale Robert Newdigate Henry Collins Thomas Pearcehouse Henry Reynell Thomas Wood Leonard Hammond Charles Duncomb Daniell Fox John Jones Thomas Bridall Thomas Manning Daniell ProcTor John Slater Humphrey Ethrington Henry Barker Esq Clerke of the Crowne Josias Clarke Robert Sheffeild Thomas llenslow Thomas Methold John Creed Gregory King Henry Spilman Anthony Caldecott Thomas Webb Thomas Henslow Thomas Alston Francis Brand Richard Tavler Anthony Nurse Thomas Southern Thomas Greggs Edward Allen John Raymond Richard Craddock Isaac Honcywood Paul Jodrell Esq Clerke to the House of Commons Richard Aston Thomas Harriott Thomas Hall James Dwey Thomas Smith William C.ulliford Jeffery Nightingall William Withers John Perry Edward Northy Francis Tyson Reginall Bracknall Thomas Cooke Thomas Casse Thomas Johnson Lucy Knightley Peter Bundue William Willis Charles Fox George Bourne William Johnson Nathaniell Owen Esquires Captaine Williams William Wilby Esq, Captaine John North Captaine William Field George Ford William Wakelin Henry Russell Richard Savill Henry Risby Henry Dethick Joseph Blissett Ralph Bucknell Esquires John Leneve Thomas Beach William Northey Daniell Sheldon Peter Knight Henry Hassard Samuell Bluck Richard Milner Narcissus Lutterell Francis Twisden William Bridges Thomas Hobbs Robert Hey ton Esquires William Freeman of St Giles Esq Thomas Simpson Esq, John Vandenbend John Hungerford John Plummer William Thursby Esquire Prothonataries of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster John Cooke and Thomas Winserd William Tempest Francis Browne Samuell Somerford Edmond Griffin Roger Stoughton Samuell Bucke William Etterick Esq Edward Bide Bartholimew Cauxter Ralph Bide Hugh Simpson John Crosse Albian Chare Thomas Milward Robert Clerkson Foot Onslow Roger Gillengam Charles Bouxton Francis Thacker Edward Noell Robert Frampton James Chadwicke Richard Haly James C.urdrow Thomas Chambers Robert Hastings Samuell Trotman Richard Holford Leonard Sowersby Samuell Knowles Peter Lugg Gregory King Arthur Bemardiston Francis Negus Craven Peyton Thomas Owen Joseph Offlcy Erasmus Smith Esquires William Bird John Methwen Phillip Mitchell Charles Hawtry Francis Astby Dixon of Fesse Abraham Wareing William Fenn Richard

Lugg William Walker Henry Cave senior Henry Cave junior Nathaniell Lacy Henry Burdett of Tottenham William Bamfield Richard Cheslin William Webb Thomas Harris Abraham Nelson Robert Skinner John Hooker Ambrose Isted Anthony Guydott George Edwards Carew Guydott Gentlemen The Commissioners of the Excise for the time being Henry Lamb Gentleman Nathaniell Hilton John Hastings Richard Adams Gentlemen Hugh Hammersley John Bradford William Whitacre Anthony Withers Samuell Trotman John Cannon John Bayley John Meridale Robert Longland Francis Barry James Alter William Warr John Bourne Robert Cowden Gen? Captaine Richard fCheyne1] George Board Nathaniell Montage John Goldsborow Thomas Gromble Gentlemen Captaine John Field Ralph Cowle Mr Palmer Mr Midleton John Ilayley John Fauntheroy Edward Fuller Robert

[Hedding3] Tanner Arnold John Crosier Peter Bourdeux Peter Lekew Paul Dockminicke William Warr William Goodenough Thomas Jackson William Blacaller Gentlemen Captaine Batson Henry Nurse John Woodfine John Brumell Thomas Greeves Thomas Griinble Thomas Wale Thomas Wilcox John Field Robert [Crowden4] Thomas Rudd Gentlemen Isaac Foxcroft Esq Captaine John Nicholson Mr William Snelling Captaine John Andrewes Collonell Edward Proger Nicholas Barbone Esq, Thomas Owen John Hall Gent Thomas Glover [of3] Hackney Esq Sir Bartholimew Showers Charles Toll Esquire Charles Fox Esq John Cash junior Francis Hooper Richard Cheyney Thomas Thomberry Captaine Edmond Noble Edward Weaver Captaine William Parish Richard Wilday Richard Auberry William Benson Gentlemen.

For the City of Westminster and Liberties thereof

The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Esq one of Their Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill William Lord Eland Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Marquesse of Hallifax Edward Lord Cornbury Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Clarendon Anthony Lord Faulkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Robert Howard Knight and Edward Russell Esq two of Their Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Craven Howard Esquire Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir Samuell Grimston Baronets Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Joseph Seymour Sir William Poultney Knights Sir Walter Clarges Baronet Richard Morley Esquire The Honourable Phillip Howard Esq Sir John Cutler Baronet Thomas Done Brooke Bridges John Phelips Esquires Sir Roger Langley Baronet Hugh Squire James Vernon Charles Twitty Bartholimew Fillingham William Lownds Robert Squib Robert Bredon Humphrey Maston Charles Toll Robert Knott Gent Charles Bonithon Francis Carew Thomas Watkins Richard Newman Esq Ralph Marshall Gent Sir John Elwes Knight James Sheffeild Esq Sir Phillip Meadowes Knight

1 Galston 0. 11 Chiny 0. s Fedding O. 4 Cowden 0. 0. omits.

A.D. 16.90.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

397

John Creed William Ball John Milner Esquires Richard Milner Gentleman John Roydhousc Gent Sir John Nicholas Knight Benjamin Cooling Esq, Wynne William Hewers Esqs Dionesius Andrews Gent Edmond

Woodroffe Gent John Cleare Joha Smallbone Nehemiah Arnold Gent Sir Joseph Williamson Knight Sir Thomas Litleton Baronet Sir Charles Cottercll Sir Stephen Fox Knights Sir John Cotton Baronet William Harboard F.sq^ Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Cerill Wich Sir Charles Ohara Knights Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Pye Baronet Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir William Orpe Sir Christopher Wrenn Knights [Henry Guye Esq^ the honourable Sir Henry Goodricke and Sir Henry Capell Knights'] Sir James Hayes Knight William Bridgman Esq^ Collonell Thomas Sackvile Richard Rider Gent Walter Bridall Thomas Neale Bernard Granvile Christopher Vane Esquires Henry Fredericke Thinne Mathew Locke Michaell Babington John Currance Simon Smith Esquires Gcrrard Cotter Thomas Templeman Morrice Hunt James Chace Josua Drayner George Cooper John Haynes Phillip Ryley Gent Collonell Richard Binns Edmund Ogar John Lug Richard Wheeler Richard Lassells Michaell Arnold Gent David Crawford Esqs Charles Rampaine Sir Miles Cooke Sir Humphrey Winch Knights Andrew Lawrence EsqN William Shaw Esqs John Tully Ralph Hutchinson Marke Lawne William Richards Gent Richard Fitz-gerald Gent William Blathwaite Charles Duncombe Richard Paget Charles Mountague Esquires The Honourable Peregrine Bertie and Charles Bertie Edmund Waller William Cheney Esquires James St Almund Gent Sir Peter Collaton Baronet John Pottinger Esq, James Smithsby Charles Knott of St Clements Danes John Clayton of the same John Worley Edward Yeomans of the same Richard Cooper John Rossington Matthias Cooper Lewis Prescott John Frost Gent Simon Smith Merchant John Martin Gent William Greene (x) Richard Ileybourne Gent Erasmus Dryden Gent Paul Jodrell Clerke of the House of Commons John Hookes Gent Thomas Browne Francis Negus Richard Fisher Richard Owen Thomas Linacre Phillip Blundell John England William Bolt Gent Anthony Row Roger Gillingham Francis Gwynne Esquires Richard Stephens Augustine Beare Gent Robert Wood Michaell Miles Leonard Plucknet Nicholas Martin William Seabrooke Edward Salisbury Jolui Wilson Esquires James Supples John Blundell Edward Hutchins John Anger John Stone Gent Doctor Mathew Lister Doctor John Radcliffe Roger Jennings Esq., Thomas Payne Esq., Richard Dalton George Farnell Esquires John Vigures George Plucknet Gent Captaine John Tayler John Clayton of Westminster Spalding Rowland Greenwood Jacques Wiseman

Thomas Thorowton Elenry Robbins Gent George Meggott James Fearne Peter Hume Thomas Bridgeman Charles Francklin John Hinder Peter Rudge Thomas Jones Samuell Birch Samuell Prvor Gent Mr Serjeant Trenchard All the Officers of the Board of Greene Cloath for the time being Sir Robert Marsham Knight Edward Maync Robert Wood John Cox of Long Acre Gent Thomas Newport Esq^ John Walker Sir William Wogan James Butterby Thomas Mansell Thomas Rider Gent Sir William Cooper Baronet Sir John Bucknell Knight William Baber Esq., William Blackeller Gent Sir Thomas Row William Jacob William Read William Willis Gent Sir Thomas Chambers Knight Edmond Goodwynne Edmund Fuller Roger Gillingham Esquires Thomas Pitt Esq., John Squib Esq, John Morley Michaell Miles Gent Collonell John Fitz-Patricke John Hastings Esq^ Thomas Whitefield Gilbert Herring John Keinpe James Francks Gent Dotfor Gideon Harvey Samuell Peacocke Nicholas Pickering Thomas Tukey Nicholas Collins Nicholas Freeman William Gulson Gentlemen Mordett Creherode James Cuningham Thomas Harrison William Jarman Gent Captaine Henry New Eldred Lancelott Lee Esquires Sir Henry

Marwood Baronet Crispe Grange John Desheer of Covent Garden Gent Henry Priestman James Southeme Esquires Nicholas Barbone Esc^ Edward Progers Esq^ The three Prothonataries of the Court of Common Pleas for the time being Richard Garth Esq, Thomas Browne Sir George Treby Their Majestyes Attourney Generali Sir John Sommers Their Majesties Sollicitor Generali Thomas Owen Esqs Humphry Hetherington Esqs The Commissioners of the Excise for the time being Nathaniell Hilton John Hastings Richard Adams Hugh Hammersley John Bradford William Whiteacre Anthony Withers The Burgesses and Assistants for the City and Liberties o f Westminster for the time being.

For the County of Monmouth Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Duke of Beaufort Sir Charles Kemys Sir Trevor Williams Sir John Morgan Baronets Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir James Herbert Knights Thomas Morgan of Tredegar Richard Lewis John Williams Henry Probert John Arnold Charles Vane John How Thomas Morgan of Llanrumney Charles Price Hopton Williams Henry Morgan of Bodwelty Edmond Morgan Edward Jones Roger Oates George Kemys Edward Perkins John Morgan of Tredegar Lewis Morgan Capell Hanbury Thomas Jones John Floyer John Walter Robert Gunter Charles Hughs James Morgan of Llandilo Charles Morgan of Tredegar George Lewis of St Peire John Pritchard of Campson Nicholas Parker Christopher Price George Harris Walter Williams Thomas Williams Rodericke Guynne Morgan Chambers David Morgan Mathew Powell Henry Tomkins Richard Roberts John Scudamore of Kentchurch Nicholas Arnold Richard [Scudamore5] James Morgan Edward Kemys William Blethin John Lewis of Istenhill Esquires John Cacthmy John Morgan of Becldendeg Rowland Williams Matthias Bird Walter Aldey Robert Jones Charles Williams Nehemiah Williams John Morgan of Winnistow John Cragg Walter Fortune William Morgan Theophilus Reynolds Richard Jones Walter Cicill Edward Hamlin Gens of Langston John Jones Roger Williams John Harris of Burgavenny William Powell of Poole Hall Richard Vaughan Francis Williams Morgan Thomas John Watkins Trevor Merricke William Evans William Price John Gwillams Francis Pritchard Nathaniell Rogers Sheldon Powell Hugh Harris Ezra Water William Seys Charles Jones of Magar Henry Ovald William Pritchard of Llangattocke William George of the same John Morgan of Llandewy James Springett Michaell Bohun Clarke of Gracedew Henry

Rumsey of Woesnewton Gent The Mayor of Monmouth The Mayor of Newport The Bayliffe of Abbergavenny The Portreve of Uskc Henry Milborne Esquire John Philpott Thomas Williams Roger Kemys Peregrine Lewis William Gore Esqs Thomas Foley Esq^.

» interlined on the Roll. * Gentleman O. ? Scudmore O.

3 E

198

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

A.D. 1690.

For the County of Norfolke

Sir Robert Bacon Sir Henry Hobert Sir Robert Drury Sir John Holland Sir Augustine Palgrave Sir John Pettus Sir Robert Kempe Sir Jacob Astley Knight and Baronet Sir Roger Potts Sir Thomas Ward Sir William Cooke Sir Edmond Doyley Sir Charles Adams Sir Peter Gleane [Sir Nicholas Gcrrard Sir John Mordant'] Sir Thomas Hare Baronets Sir Nevill Catlin Sir Francis Guybon Sir William Rant Sir John Turner Sir Cirill Wich Sir Edward Chisenhall Sir Phillip Skippon Sir Robert Clayton Knights Thomas Knivet Robert Walpoole Richard Vemey of Kirby John [Herbert* *] Edmund Woodhouse John Knivet John Woodhouse James [Heste3] Robert Warded Peircy Freake John Hearne Joachim Matthews William Stone John Jay Robert Coney Gabrieli Ariniger Robert Sucklin Phillip Bedingfield Richard Wyth Francis Gardner John Warkhouse Phillip Astley Charles Legrosse Edward Soame John Norris Daniell Bedingfield Christopher Crow Robert Wilson Edward Wilson Erasmus Earle Francis Repps John Repps Charles Wright Riches Browne Henry Negus Robert Ilearne Robert Davy Arthur Branthwaite Nathaniell Simonds Edmund Britiffe George England Edmund Lambe Hatton Berners Robert Day John Aide Thomas Wright Hugh Hovell Edward Le Strange William Oldfield Clement Hearne Robert Gooch Clement Gooch Thomas Townshend John Thurston Thomas Bulwer Brigg Fountaine William Branthwait John Cropley Isaac Preston Robert Bransby Benjamin England Francis Negus Richard Carter John Brewster James Hoste junior Thomas Rant Robert Doughty Augustin Briggs Samuell Fuller Robert London of Loddon Oliver Neeve John Anguish Mundiford Spelman Leonard [Mayes4] Francis Thorisby Gascoin Weld Anthony Freston Thomas Talbott John Richmond Edward Osborne Gardiner Hewitt John Minga Robert Buxton William Sidley Israeli Long Thomas Blowfield Robert Stileman Francis Dusgate Dotlor Pepper John Page Richard Ferrier Lucy Blackman George Vernon Henry Oxburgh Roger Jennings John Castle Edward Bulwer Robert Jermey John Houghton Brampton Gourdon Jonathan Symonds William Rudin Thomas Sanders Ralph Hare James Ward Thomas Baysepoole Thomas Crick Charles Turner junior Brograve John Birkin Benjamin Dethicke Thomas Newman Roger Jennings Denzell Onslow Edward Earle Christopher Layer Francis Long Thomas Peirson James Hobart Robert Fiske Francis Neve Edmond Anguish Phillip Vincent Humphry Rant William Stafford.

For the City and County of the City of Norwich

The Mayor for the time being Robert Davy Esq., Recorder Robert Ward Esq Steward Thomas Blowfield Esq Hugh Bockengain Esquire The two Sheriftes for the time being Thomas Wise Robert Bendish Robert Freeman John Low Nicholas Helwys Francis Gardiner William Salter Phillip Stubbing John Wrench Thomas Cooke Jeremy Vinn John Mann Esquires Robert Cooke Leonard Osborne Augustine Briggs Nicholas Bickerdike John Ward John Levrington William Guybon Michaell Beverley Samuell Workhouse Thomas Postle Lawrence Goodwin Aldermen Doctor Fairfax Deane of Norwich Doctor Pepper Thomas Townesend Francis Bacon Thomas Bacon John Mingay Arthur Branthwaite Esquires John Barnham John [DeersleyJ] John Minkerell Gent.

For the Burrough of Great Yarmouth

The Bayliffes for the time being George England Esquire (6) Robert Bransby Esq Peter Caulier George Ward Thomas England Benjamin England Thomas Bradford John Robbins John Ferrier Nathaniell Simonds Thomas Godfrey John Gayford Gabrieli Ward John Andrews Anthony Ellis senior Richard Ferrier John Burton senior Thomas Ellis Robert Bernard Benjamin Steadman Henry Thompson Anthony Ellis junior John Gunnell Joseph Cottman Benjamin Engell Thomas Lovell Aldermen.

For the Burrough of Kings Lynn.

The Mayor for the time being Sir John Turner Knight Daniell Bedingsfield Esq Recorder Benjamin Holley Giles Bridgeman Robert Sparrow John Kidd Edmond Hooke Benjamin Keene Ciprian Anderson Henry Framingham William Linstead Henry Bell Aldermen Charles Turner Gent Robert Payne.

For the Burrough of Thetford

The Honourable William Harbord Esq Sir John Holland Baronet Sir Francis Guibon Knight Baptist May Esquire Wormely Hethersett William Cropley John Thurston Charles Wright Thomas Wright Maurice Kendall John Draper Edmund Winwood Thomas Smith Robert Caudle Esquires.

For the County of Northampton

Sir Andrew St John Baronet John Parkhurst Esq.. William Brownlow Esquire [Gibert7] Dolben Esq Sir Thomas Samwell Baronet Sir William Langham Knight Sir William Egerton Knight of the Bath John Blencow Sergeant at Law Thomas Andrews Esq Sir James Langham Knight and Baronet Sir John Holman Baronet The Right Honourable William Harbord Esq. Sir Benjamin Bathurst Knight Christopher Jeffries Esq Arthur Brookes Esq Thomas Maidwell Esq Robert Barton Gent Sir William Farmer Baronet Francis Arundell Esq., Francis Crane Esq 'lhornas Jennings Gent Samuell Rolt Gentleman Henry Benson Esq, Richard Boteler senior Esq, John Combs Esq William Adams of Charwelton Esq John Winston Esq Edmond Bromwich Gent Thomas Bretton Gent Sir William Craven Knight Sir Roger Cave Baronet John Browne Esq Clerke of the Parliaments William Bateman Esq Edward Ladkin Esq John Bridges Esq Sir James Long Baronet John Weaver William Fleetwood Thomas Mulsho Thomas Catesby William Wilmore Goddard Pemberton Esq The Mayor of Higham Ferrers for the time being Sir Rice

• interlined on the Roll. * Harbord 0. 3 Hoste 0. * Mapcs O.

* Dersley 0. 6 Samuell Fuller Esquire 0. ' Gilbert 0.

A.l). 16\‘)<).

2° Gu l. & M a r . Sess. 2. c. 1.

199

Rudd Baronet Thomas Ekins Esq* William Boteler John Wiseman Francis Harvey Thomas Trist William Elmes Hatton Compton Esquires Jacob Dancer Gent Henry Rushton Richard Rainsford John Thornton Gerard Gore Robert Breton Henry Bacon Robert Heselrige Esquires Salathiell Lovell Serjeant at Law Daniel I Danvers Doctor in Physicke Sir John Pickering Baronet Sir Mathew Dudley Baronet Jeffery Palmer of Stoke Doyle Esq* Sidney Wortley alias Mountague Esq* Lord Fitz* Williams the Honourable Charles Bertie Esq* Sir John Elwes

Knight Noah Neale Esq* Henry Neale Esq* John Royley Esquire William Clarke Esq* Thomas Hacke Esq* John Carrier Gent John Dickenson Esq* John Wilebore Gent Thomas Deacon Gentleman Sir Justinian Isham Baronet Edward Saunders Esq* Harold Kinnesman Esq* John Hendon Esq* Bernard Walcott Thomas Colthurst Esq* Mathew Orlebar Gent Francis Lane John C.reede Andrew Lant Charles Midleton James Robinson Hanbury of

Kelwash Robert Mansell John Allicocke Thomas Langham Esquires Sir Pope Danvers Sir Robert Dryden Baronets William Lisle Robert Dormer Samuell Trist John Bagshaw John Creswell John Woodhall Charles Fox Ambrose Ilolbech Francis St John Henry Earle of Thomond in the Kingdome of Ireland The Mayor of Brackley for the time being Robert Fruin Gent Joseph Haines Francis Morgan George Kendricke Edward Stratford William Thursby Harry Ekins William Benson Richard Lockwood Christopher Mountague Henry Farmer Henry Edmonds William Tate Toby C.hauncey Esquires Francis Woodhull Gent Samuell Tryone Esq* John Hodges Gent Thomas Jackson Esq* the Mayor of Northampton for the time being Robert Heselrige Esq* John Knight Richard Willoughby John Silby John Brafield John Clarke Robert Ives John Lucas Richard White.

For the County of Northumberland

The Right Honourable Charles Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Carlisle The Honourable Charles Mountague Esq* The Honourable Ralph Gray Esq* Sir Ralph Delavall Sir John Heron Sir William Midleton Sir Thomas Lorraine Sir Robert Eden Sir William Blacket Sir Francis Lyddell Baronets Sir Ralph Jennison Sir Robert Fenwicke Sir Richard Neale Sir Francis Blake Knights Ralph Delavall William Foster Phillip Bickerstaffe Roger Fenwicke Phillip Babington Thomas Foster John Shaftoe John Salkeild Robert Mitford of Sighell Thomas Forster of Cornwall Thomas Collingwood Thomas Beach John Blackiston John Hindmarsh Robert Bewicke John Carnaby William Strother of Foberry WTilliam Ogle William Carr Michaell Welden Henry Holmes Francis Addison Charles Howard Joseph Carr Patrecius Crow William Reevely George Delavall Thomas Blenkinshipp Robert Hebron John Bacon John Blacket Robert Lawson Thomas Allgood Robert Shaftoe George Collingwood Esquires Robert Lisle John Prottor Richard Forster John Coulson Samuell Salkeild William Ramsey of Brinckbourne William Strother of Grindon Rigg Francis Forster John Gray of llowicke The Bayliffes of Morpeth for the time being Robert Fenwicke Ralph Gray of Backworth George Lawson John Fennicke Ralph Brandling Gilbert Parke George Wilson Ralph Anderson William Pierson Thomas Grey John Storey Gent Sir Orlando Gee Knight Robert Mitford of Mitford Esq* Circies Swinbourne Esq* John Rogers Thomas Burrell of Broome Parke Gent Robert Lisle of Hazen.

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne.

William Ramsey Esq* Mayor Sir Robert Shaftoe Knight Recorder Sir William Blacket Baronet Sir Ralph Carr Knight Timothy Davison Esq* George Moreton Timothy Robson Nicholas Fenwicke William Aubeny Nicholas Ridley William Carr William Proctor Thomas Wasse Sheriffcs Esquires Aldermen.

For the Burrough of Berwicke upon Tweede

The Mayor for the time being Sir Francis Blake Knight Samuell Ogle Phillip Babbington Esquires Anthony Compton John Luck Stephen Jackson Edward Nelson John Sleath Robert Watson Marke Scott Cuthbert Brady Christopher Francklin William Scott.

For the County of Nottingham

The Right Honourable Patricius Lord Viscount Chaworth of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable William Lord Eland Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Marquesse of Halifax The Honourable Anchitall Grey Esq* The Honourable William Byron Esq* Sir Thomas Willoughby Sir Thomas Parkins Baronets Sir Scroope How Sir William Stanhope Knights Francis Pierpoint William Sacheverell Richard Mansfeild Thomas Lewis William Williams Phillip Laycock Charles Hutchinson Phillip Sherrard Esquires John Kerchavell Peter Broughton junior William Woolhouse Richard Janes of Eperston Thomas Barret Henry Bainbridge Thomas Sharpe of Bamby Henry Sherbrooke Gentlemen William Burnell Arthur Warren Richard Slater Gilbert Millington Robert Sherbrooke Francis Mouleneux Esquires Sir Ralph Knight (') Francis Stringer John Reyner Charles Stanhope William Pinckney Darcy Moulineux John Digby John Thomhough John White Nicholson of Mamham John Knight Richard Tayler Edward Melish

William Harbord Francis Sandis Jervis Eyre John Clarkson William Simpson Thomas Charlton Esquires Thomas Bristowe John Storey Jeremiah Halfehead Gentlemen The Mayor of Newarke for the time being The [Six1] Senior Aldermen of Newarke Doctor Yarborough Samuell Ellis Timothy Ellis Stow of Newarke

Snell William Clay of Newarke Gentlemen The Bayliffes of Retford for the time being William Lane William Dunston Simon Woolby George Wharton Charles Jenners Ward Thomas Sharpe William

Hyde Gentlemen William Sterne Gent Doctor Cromwell Palmes Hills Gent.

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham.

John Hawkins Esq* Mayor George Langford Charles Harvey Joseph Turpin Thomas Collins John Hydes John Crispe Aldermen Francis Pierpoint James Farewell John Dand Richard Mansfield George Gregory Samuell Staples Esquires William Graves Thomas Trigg Ralph Bennet John Hoe John Sherwin William Drury Gentlemen. 4

1 Knight 0,

4 interlined on the Roll.

200

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 1.

A I). 16.90.

For the County of Oxford

Anthony Lord Viscount Faulkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Robert Lord Viscount Tiviott of the Kingdome of Scotland Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent to James Earle of Abingdon The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Chancellor of the Exchequer one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Henry Bertie Esq^ Sir John Cope Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir [Fairinedon '] Penniston Sir William Walter Sir Edward Read Sir William Glynne Sir Edmond Fettiplace Sir Litleton Osbaldiston Sir Robert Dashwood Sir John Holman Sir Thomas Litleton Sir John Doyley Sir Thomas Cobb Sir James Chamberlaine Sir William Rich Sir Robert Barkham Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Ashurst Baronets Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Norreys Sir Timothy Tyrrell Sir Thomas Tipping Sir James Hayes Sir Thomas Clayton Sir Thomas Rowe Sir Sebastion Smith Sir William Whitlocke Sir Edmund Warcup Knights Anthony Hungerford Thomas Tipping Richard Libb Edward Barry John Stone Carlton Stone John Hampden George Alnutt Henry Alnutt Francis Clarke William Lenthall John Dormer George Chamberlaine William Cannock Thomas Hoard William Bayley John Croake Harry Cole Henry Heylin Robert I'errot James Perrott Richard Powell William Pudsey Robert Sheppard Thomas Coghill Henry Hall John Wallis Adam Springall Robert Jennings Thomas Brightman Simon Harcourt Thomas Wheate Robert Mayott Alexander Denton Edmond Goodier Joseph Rawlinson Esquires Henry Ailworth Henry Beeson Edward Masters Doctors in Law Doctor Henry Morris Charles Holloway John West William Oakley Ralph Holt Humphrey Wickham John [Gunne1] Lenthall Trotman John Bray John Danvers [Sonnybanke '] Veysay Roger Price Thomas Woodhall William Sacheverell Henry Peacocke Samuell Trotman Thomas C.rispe of Damford George Tipping of Draycott James Herbert Esquires William Tipping of Ewelme F.sqN Richard Bredioake Lacy Osbaldiston William Blake Bartholomew Harris John Parsons George Woodward John Wickham Gregory of Horlcy George Cave Simon

Whorwood [Deane4] John Carey Thomas Rowney Richard Tayler of Wilscott Francis Knapp Robert

Parsons Henry Streete Henry Stephens Thomas Carter Gilbert Jackson John Scriblehill John Hickford Francis Greenway Richard Evans Anthony Evans Thomas Greenwood Thomas Napper Richard Thompson Nicholas Busby Hawkins of Milton Sutton Coghill John Coghill Martin May John Wheeler John Crispe Lawrence Lord John Croker John Dodwell John Wise of Drayton John Smith Giles Diston Thomas Rolles Richard Croke Richard Blackhall George Gooding of Latchford John Moreton Robert Standard Bezaliell Knight Gentlemen Francis Norreys John Nurse Esquires William Jeffy Gent Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Francis Drake Gent The Mayor Aldermen and Towne Clerke of the Towne of Woodstock for the time being The Mayor Steward Recorder Aldermen and Towne Clerke of Banbury for the time being The Warden of Henley for the time being The Bayliffes of Chipping Norton Burford and Witnessfor the time being Arthur Waren Esq, John Croker Gent John Winlow Edward Whistler of Gathampton Gent.

For the University of Oxford

Doctor Jonathan Edwards Vice Chancellor The Honourable Heneage Finch F.sq The Honourable William Leopald Finch Warden of All Souls Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Sir Thomas Clayton Warden of Merton Colledge Doctor Henry Aldrich Deane of Christ Church Doctor Henry Beeston Doctor William Levinz Doctor Robert Say Doctor Timothy Halton Doctor William Jane Canon of Christ Church Doctor William Levett Doctor John Hamond Doctor John Hall Doctor Ralph Bathurst Doctor Thomas Turner Doctor [Thomas ; ] Bourchire Doctor Richard Lydell The Proctors for the time being Mr. Benjamin Cooper John Haslewrood John Crosse John Fulks George Thompson Thomas Moore Thomas Bartlett.

For the City of Oxford

The Mayor for the time being The Honourable Henry Bertie Esq Sir Edward Norreys Knight Sir John Cope Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Doyley Sir Robert Dashwood Baronets Sir William Walker Knight John Townesend Thomas Fifeild and Thomas Eustace Aldermen William Wright Recorder Collonell Henry Cope Tobias Browne John Bowell John Croney Thomas Hunsden Edward Combs Charles Holloway John Bateman Esquires Charles Harris Gent Edward Prince Towne Clerke Sir Robert Harrison Thomas Bee The Bayliffes for the time being.

For the County of Rutland

The Right Honourable Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland the Honourable John Noell Esq Sir Thomas Mackworth Baronet Sir Thomas Barker Baronet William Palmes Bennet Sherrard John Verney Samuell Browne Eusebius Boswell Charles Halford Christopher Browne Edward Faw'kner Edward Hosman Robert Markworth Anthony Palmer Edward Browne Clement Breton Cornelius Burton John Weaver Charles Tirrell Wellesbome Sill Armine Bullingham Edward Fawkner junior Marsh of Tinwell John Flavill Richard Snow Thomas

Hayes Esquires Richard Mathew Andrew Burton John Baker Gentlemen.

For the County of Salop

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the House of Commons and First Lord Commissioner for the Custodie of the Great Seale The Honourable Richard Newport F.sq The Honourable Andrew Newport Esq, Sir Henry Litleton Sir William Levison Gower Sir William Whitmore Sir Humphrey Briggs Sir John Corbett Sir Francis Lawley Sir Uvedale Corbet Sir Edward Acton Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Job Charlton Sir William Williams Sir Thomas Woolrich Baronets Sir Thomas Travell Sir William Lacon C hilde Sir Thomas Jones Sir Adam Oatley Sir Robert Owen Sir William Forrester Knights Jervas Pierpoint William Fowler Francis Charlton

1 Formedo 0.

« Gunner O.

5 Sunnybanke O.

Adeanc and no blank O.

* interlined oil the Roll.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

201

of Apply John Charlton John Walcutt Charles Manwaring Arthur Man waring Francis Forrester Edward Leighton Richard Lister Edward Kinaston of Oatley Edward Kinaston of Harley John Kinaston Phillip Prince Henry Herbert Francis Herbert Edward Owen of Condover George Weld Humphrey Briggs William Oakley Robert Corbet Thomas Rocke John Coates Richard Moore Walter Wareing Charles Baldwin [Robert'] Coates Robert Cressett Robert [Owens1] Roger Pope senior Roger Pope junior Thomas Lloyd Richard Creswell John Lacon Thomas Oatley Litleton Powis Henry Newton Francis Charlton of Whitton Thomas Cornwall Bartholomew Lutly Thomas Hanmer Henry Davenport Eldred Lancelott Leigh Thomas Langley Robert Harley Thomas Child Thomas Spratt William Williams John Huxley John Chetwin Edward Kerry Orlando Nicholls Richard Mitton Edward Cludd Rowland Hunt Henry Powell Jonathan Langley Thomas Lister Thomas Lister junior Thomas Edwards Richard Corbett Robert Clowes William Gower John Tayleur Thomas Burton Thomas Smalman Soudley Eaton Robert Piggott Thomas Winfield Thomas Mackworth John Edwards of Rorington John Powell Thomas Powell John Warter Francis Barkley Arthur Weaver James Grove Thomas Jobber Robert Lloyd John Whitehall Henry Mitton William Hayward Henry Barret Edward Jennings Edward Whitchcott Richard Carew Edward Owen of Pully William Jones Charles Herbert Ralph Browne Thomas Sandford Job Walker Edward Dunn the younger Thomas Seaveme William Adams senior William Adams junior The Mayor of Salop for the time being The Mayor of Ludlow for the time being The Bayliffes of Bridgenorth for the time being The [Baylitfes3] of Bishops Castle for the rime being The Bayliffe of Wenlocke for the time being The Mayor of Oswestry for the time being John Hill Richard Hosier Buckly Mackworth Richard Salter Edward Gosnell Roger Griffith Jonathan Scott Collins Woolrich Richard Muckleston Robert Wood Thomas Owen Charles Kinaston Simon Hanmer John Cole of Shrewsbury Esq* Robert Gorton Gent Thomas Aden Edward Mitton William Leeke Samuell Woolleston Richard Betton Adam Wareing Richard Deaves William Grosvenor Richard Jenkins Samuell Bowdler John Langley of the Ainias Thomas Crompton Lancelott Stephens John Mason of Much Wenlock John Bright Edward Pully Thomas Hawkes Thomas Sabry Thomas Hill of Aleaston John Atkinson Doctor of Physicke Timothy Hassall Samuell Sandiford George Chambre Jonathan Wingfield John Latham George Walker William Kinaston Phillip Cole Thomas Jones Edward Ketleby junior Sheppard of Bitterly Francis Boycott Richard Ridley Robert Smith John Fowler Thomas

Mason Thomas Hincks William Bridgen Richard Walker Thomas Wickstead Richard Bradley Alexander Midleton Edward Matthews Humphrey Owen Samuell Hunt John Parker Arthur Tonge John Clarke Richard Jenks of Drayton Gent Thomas Jones Councellor at Law.

For the City and County of the City of Bristoll

Sir John Knight Knight Mayor William Pawlet Recorder Sir Richard Hart Sir Richard Crumpe Sir William Cluttcrbooke Sir William Hayman Sir William Merricke Knights Sir William Cann Baronet John Hicks William Crabb Joseph Creswicke Abraham Saunders William Swimmer Richard Lane Thomas Day William Jackson Arthur Hart Robert Henley Esquires Edward Fielding William Downeing Esquires Robert Doubting John Yeomans Sheriffes John Dutton Colt George Hart Nathaniell Driver Edmund Arundell Giles Merricke James Twiford Robert Yate George Morgan Edward Tocknell John Sandford Samuell Wallis John Hine Thomas Cole John Bubb John Blackwell John Ruinsey Robert Henley Thomas Edwards John Duddlestone Esquires

For the County of Somersett.

John Lord Viscount Fitzharding of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Edward Seymour Sir John Sidenham Sir John Smith Sir Edward Wyndham Sir John Trevillian Sir Francis Warr Sir John St Barbe Sir William Cann Sir [Haswell4] Tinte Baronets Sir Edward Phelipps Sir Thomas Bridges Sir William Bassett Sir George Norton Sir Richard Hart Sir John Knight Sir Charles Carteret Sir William Wogan Their Majestyes Serjeant at Law Sir Thomas Travell Knights Henry Portman George Homer Edward Gorges Nathaniell Palmer Edward Berkley Hopton Wyndham John Hunt Henry Bull John Speke John Sanford Alexander Imtterell Edward Clarke Joseph Langton William Hellyar senior William Hellier junior Henry Rolle Warwicke Bampfield John Piggott Edward [Baber 5] William Gore William Lacy George Long Thomas Chafin Edmond Windham Baldwin Mallett John Blewet of Helcombe Thomas Beere of Huntsham Thomas Carew Henry Gould William Ettericke William Strode John Harrington Richard Morgan Edward Hobbs Charles Steynings Thomas Moore James Prowse Henry Roynon John Champney Henry Henley Richard Crosse William Coward William Phellips William Helyard of Sea Anthony Stocker Henry Lyte George Clerke Thomas Strode of Mapperton Anthony Stocker Henry Mompesson Thomas Mompesson Robert Siderfin Samuell [Gorgers6] Ferrers Grisley William Harbin John Blewet of Knowle John How Andrew' Crosse James Cade George Doddington of Doddington George Doddington of Wells George Musgrave senior George Musgrave junior Robert Long Richard Elsworth Esquires William Davy Esq* Francis Vaughan Richard Lansdowne Thomas Dike Edward Dike of Kings Brompton William Catford John Worth William Player William Westley William Hughes Richard Jones of Stowy John Huddy senior John Huddy junior James Twiford Richard Cox Samuell Cable John Sandis Thomas Gale Roger Leversage John Creswicke William Whitechurch senior William Whitechurch junior John Burland Samuell Horner John [Strarchy7] Edmond Bowyer George Prater Francis Holies Ettericke C.adwallader Jones Nicholas Francis Henry Winter Thomas Sambourne Phillip Bennett Edward Thurstone John Acourt senior John Acourt junior William Lucy Thomas Lcdgingham William Champney Thomas Sumner of Wellow Samuell Raymond Robert Blake Matthias Hanvill Robert Pearse Do6lor of Phisicke John Blinman of Willitton Thomas Beach William Lyde senior Cornelius Lyde Edmond Bourne John Everard William Bolton Blagdon of Wilton Thomas Compton James Blanchard Thomas Langdon Edward Bacon John Keyne John Mere Henry Proctor Benjamin Gifford of Ilarfington Thomas Hawker Esquires William Bidygood Richard Wyatt John Frind Francis Hubbard Richard Snow John Smith Nicholas Marshall Thomas Baker Thomas Groves Thomas Towel I.

1 Charles O. f Owen O. Bayliffe 0. 4 Halswell 0. 1 Bober 0. • Gorges O. 1 Strachy O*

3F

202

2° Gul. k Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

A.D. 1690.

For the City of Wells

The Mayor for the time being William Coward Recorder George Doddington Esq, William Hughes William Westly John Davies Richard Thomas

For the Burrough of Bridgewater

The Mayor for the time being Alexander Popham Alderman John Gilbert senior Alderman John Harvey of the Castle Francis Tuthill Roger Hore.

For the City of Bath

The Mayor for the time being Robert Peirce Doctor of Phisicke John Masters Walter Gibbs John Bush Robert Chapman Edward Bushel 1 Benjamin Baber John Sdbbs Walter Hicks John Haward Colloby.

For the County of Stafford

The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Mazarine of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable William Ward Esq High Sheriffe for the County of Stafford The Honourable John Grey Esquire The Honourable Henry Pagett Esq., The Honourable Clotworthy Skeffinton Esquire Sir Thomas Peshall Sir William Levison Gower Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Walter Wortesley Sir Walter Bagott Sir Henry Litleton Sir Edward Litleton Sir Charles Wolseley Sir Francis Lawley Sir John Bower Sir Thomas Bellott Sir Michaell Biddolph Baronets Sir Bryan Broughton Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Gough Sir Charles Skrimshire Sir John Floyer Knights Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Walter Chetwind William Chetwind Sir John Turton Knight one of the Barons of the Exchequer John Chetwind Thomas Broughton Edward Litleton Robert Burdett Robert Wolseley Thomas Lawley Edward Birch Serjeant at Law Jonathan Cope Richard Dyott Thomas Foley Phillip Foley William Sneyd of Keel Ralph Sneyd junior Thomas Lane Humphrey Wirley Robert Leveson Rowland Okeover John Lawton George Rodney Bridges Thomas Kinnersley Henry Vernon William Crompton John Every Thomas Rudyard John Hoo William Parker senior George Parker William Parker junior John Swinfen Thomas Birch William Inge Phillip Hollins Mathew Floyer Phillip Pargiter John Grosvenour Charles Cotes William Cotton Francis Wightwicke senior Francis Wightwicke junior John Wightwicke William [Twiton'J John Bagnall Edward Foden Copwood Hollins Francis Eld Francis Wolferston William Nabbs Richard Piott Thomas Jolliffe William Jolliffe William Milward John Shilton Lambert Bagot John Newton Henry Leigh Phillip Chetwood Tomins Dickens Daniell Watson John Persehouse Charles Blount Michaell Noble Esquires Walter Aston Thomas Whitby William Anson John Huntbach James Wood Peter Warburton William Trafford senior William Trafford junior Thomas Scott Thomas Jevan senior Leicester Barbour Christopher Lea Sainuell Pipe Bernard Whaley Edward Short Michaell Brandrith William Jervis Samuell Hunt Walter Fowler Jonas Astley Thomas Pigott Browne of Thornes John Amphlett Browne of Shredicote William Whitby Henry Gilbert Walter Moseley John Baddiley Richard Whitworth Edward Barbour John Young William Vise John Fenton Thomas Milward James Rudyard Roger Fowke John Goreing Richard Drakeford Henry Bracegirdle Gentlemen The Mayor of Stafford for the time being Edward Foden Esquire Recorder William Nabbs Esq., William Feake senior William Feake junior Edward Bird Walter Collins Sampson Birch William Abnet senior John Williamson Humphrey Perrey Gentlemen The Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being Sir Edward Litleton Baronet Leicester Barbour Nicholas Parker Charles Bainton George Alsop Job Beardsley Samuell Beardsley Gentlemen The Mayor of Newcastle for the time being William Badiley Thomas Hordern William Boughay Samuell Rock William Midleton William [Xawton*] Gentlemen.

For the City and County of the City of Litchfield

The Bayliffes and Sheriffes for the time being Edmond Hector George Newill Sir Michaell Biddulph Baronet Sir John Floyer Knight Robert Burditt Richard Dyott Phillip Pargiter Richard Pyott Esquires Thomas Hamond John Rawlins Richard Wakefield William Walmesley William Marshall William Potts Richard Burnes Robert Bailey Gent

For the County of Southampton

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the House of Commons and First Lord Commissioner for the Custodie of the Great Seale The Right Honourable Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Lord Chamberlaine to Her Majestic Sonne and Heire Apparent of Charles Duke of Bolton The Honourable Edward Russell Esq, The Right Honourable Henry Earle of Sterling in the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable William Lord Pawlett second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Richard Earle of Ranelagh of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable James Russell Esq The Honourable Francis Pawlet Esq Sir John Mill Sir Hugh [Stewkley }] Sir Nicholas Steward Sir John Dillington Sir Hele Hooke Sir John Hobby Sir Robert Worseley Sir Andrew Henley Baronets Sir Richard Onslow Baronet Sir Charles Wrindhain Sir William Kingsmill Sir Thomas Iliggons Sir Robert Sawyer Sir William Stephens Sir Robert Holmes Sir James Worseley Sir Benjamin Newland Sir Robert Henley Knights Sir John St Barbe Baronet Richard Norton Thomas Jerveis senior George Pitt senior Thomas Hobby Leonard Bilson Esquires John Kent Esquire Henry Rolle Gabrieli Whistler Ralph Hastings Henry Wallop Henry Dawley Francis QMorley4] Fredericke Tilney Richard Holt Richard Whitehead Richard Cobb Charles Cole George Evans White 1 itchborne John Smith of Tidworth Esquires John Pollen Richard Bishop Richard Chandler John Wallop Thomas Bilson William Bishop Charles Morley Samuell Gawden George Bridges Charles Wither George Abbott

» Turton 0.

7 Lawson O.

3 Strealdey 0.

Norlcy O.

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

203

John Fawkoner Charles Forrester Thomas Broccas Oliver Cromwell Thomas Jcrvoise senior John Deane Edward Chute Henry Bromfeild John Burrard Robert Smith Henry Compton John Venables Henry Hooke Edward Fleming Robert Knollis William Bulkley George Stanley Edward Hooper Arthur Hyde Francis Dickens Esquires Henry Perin Doctor of Phisicke Thomas Miller Richard Stanley Richard Carter Thomas 'Putt William Coleman Henry Tulse Richard Love junior George Pitt junior Benjamin Ruddiard Thomas Wither William Norton Robert Mitchell Lawrence Jackson Thomas Bulkley William Battin Roger Banin Robert Barton George Duke Thomas Smith Thomas Edmonds Thomas Douse of Wallop Thomas Douse of Brooke John Rives of Drayton John Rives of Bransbury Edward Pile Christopher Stokes Peter Blake Thomas Pile junior Thomas Fitz James Esq^ John Lisle Mathew Bennet William Guidat Samuell Pitman Charles Dingley Esquires Richard Beele Giles Lyford Robert Love Allen Gar way Anthony Guydott Thomas Goddard Edward Rooke Henry Christmas George Wakeford Gentlemen The Mayor of Winton for the time being Ellis Mewes Esq^ Anthony Yalden Godson Penton John Purdue Charles Dingley Paul Burrard Roger Jones Richard Good John Conger Thomas Pinkc Henry Sharpe Nicholas Hedger Gentlemen The Mayor of Portsmouth for the time being Lewis Barton Gent The Bailiffe of Andover for the time being Thomas Brunker Edward Batten John Blakly John Blowes Thomas [Wiltshaw'] James Grove Henry Curie Richard Hill John Stephens Gentlemen The Mayor of Christ Church The Mayor of Newport for the time being Richard Knight John Worseley Nicholas Lisle John Chapman David Urry of Easton Thomas Urry of Freshwater Thomas Urry of Gatcombe Esquires Eustace Man Robert Leigh John Bowler John Stephens of West Cowes Gent William Fielder Thomas Dore William Knapton Edward Hales of Newport John White William Pay John Palmer John Hildesley [[ Esquires1.]

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Southampton.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Giles Eyre Knight one of the Justices of the Kings Bench William Bulkley Esq^ John Speede Doctor of Physicke Thomas Cornelius Richard White James Crosse John Lee William Cropp John Smith Adam de Cardonell Christopher Smith Cornelius Markham Robbert Culliford Thomas Bracebridge Richard Hunt William Line alias de Gruchye Leonard Cropp Jacob Ward Thomas Everard.

For the County of Suflfolke

Lyonell Lord Huntingtower of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Adam Felton Sir John Barker Sir John Platers Sir Robert Kempe Sir Simon Dewes Sir John Castleton Sir Dudley Cutham Sir Henry North Sir Jervasc Elwayes Sir John Rouse Sir Thomas Allen Sir Thomas Barnardiston Sir John Duke Sir Robert Brooke Sir Phillip Parker Sir Edmond Bacon Sir Samuell Bemardiston Sir Francis Masham Sir Robert Davers Sir Charles Bloyse Sir William Cooke Baronets Sir Charles Gaudy Sir Robert Rich Knights and Baronets Sir Peyton Ventris Sir John Poley Sir Thomas Harvey Sir George Wenyeve Sir Nevill Catelin Sir Henry Johnson Sir Phillip Sldppon Sir Joseph Brand Sir Richard Gibbs Sir Cesar Wood alias Crantner Sir Charles Umfrevill Sir Francis Blundell Knights William Maynard Ptolemy Tollmash Nicholas Bacon [[Thomas Holland3] Thomas Felton Compton Felton Thomas Glcmham Thomas Knivite Thomas Tolmash Lyonell Playters Henry Heveningham Thomas Cole William Bridgeman Henry Parker Thomas Theobald William Barker Thomas Waldegrave Francis Barker William Johnson Thomas Tyrrell Edmond Warner John Hunt Esquires John Robinson John Thurston Richard Norton Robert Maddokes Henry Warner Thomas Aldham Richard Hubbard Henry Polly John Brain Thomas Salter Phillip Bedingfield Robert King Richard Buckingham Hammond I/Estrainge John Scrivener Charles Smith Edward North William Rivat Thomas Edgar James Calthorpe John Cornwallis Francis Novell alias Smith William Crofts Anthony Crofts John Wright Edmond Bence Robert Barker Robert Nanton John Corrance Robert Maltiward Thomas Wright Thomas Roddord Henry Edgar Arthur Bemardiston Laurence Rouse junior Thomas Golding William Glover Thomas Leamon George Fleetwood John Bence Robert Warrein Jacob Garrard Awbrey Porter John Hervey Henry Goldwell Christopher Calthorpe Henry Copinger John Jenny of Sproughton John Jermy of Stutton Anthony Wrath Thomas Tirrell Allen Cotten Edward Alpe Edmund Sheppard John Smith of Parkfield John Hall Thomas Smith William Cullam Thomas Love Robert Davy Thomas Rivett John Beaumont Thomas Smith Nicholas Bragg William Covell Hugh Morice John Whitcacre John Hooke Doctor Thomas Carver William Betts Captaine Finn William Poley Robert Cudon John Catsby John Browne Roger Kerrington Francis Harvey Thomas Neale Thomas Dye Thomas Else Nicholas Freeman Thomas Hastings John Pells Edward Alston John Hodges John Felton Peter Alderman John Hunt John Spink Renaldo Pitfield John Gerling Gregory Clarke William Randall Richard Vesey Thomas Dade Thomas Wright senior Do dor John Bourchier Thomas Barnardiston Samuell Barnardiston Richard Wareing Thomas Brand John Barker of Wickam Robert Jeney Thomas Bright William Hammond Samuell Clarke William Cooke Andrew Warner Francis Brewster John Hill Samuell Blackerby Simon Folke Richard Porter Smith

of [Marsford4] John Brand Esquires Eldred of Saxham John Wild senior Phillip French William Hamond

Joseph Hastings Samuell Baker Isaac Rebow Thomas Owen Thomas Aldridge Charles Close William Lucas Thomas Keeper Samuell Pacey Thomas Bendish Bartholomew Soame Esquires William Bright Robert Russell Edward Gaell James Goodwin Thomas Folks John Nicholls senior Francis Keylock Henry Ward Henry North I^awrence Stistead Richard Phillips John Bluinfield Robert Clarke William Tye Richard Margatt William [Fold5] Joseph [Wells6] Nathaniell Simonds Richard Fryer William Neave WTilliam Glascocke Anthony Fisher John Craske junior Robert Chaplin Robert Snelling William Beaumont Captaine Brandling Done of Hadieigh John Artis

senior Richard Freestone [ Esquires7] Captaine Young Thomas Scarlet Andrew Brownesmith Thomas Fothergill John Pinchback John Buxton Thomas Michill Nicholas Edgar George Watts Richard Jenkinson Thomas Bright Devereux Edgar.

1 Wiltshire O. '■» Esquire 0. 5 interlined on the Roll. 4 MajJsford O. 5 Fowls 0. Weld O. 7 Esquire O.

204

A.D 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.l.

For the Burrough of Eye

TheBayliffes for the time being Henry Polly Thomas Davinant Thomas Vincent Esq^ Thomas Deye senior Henry Edgar Thomas Browne Nathaniell Deye Thomas Deye junior Francis Deye Thomas Brampton Thomas Flowerey Smith Chenerey.

For the Burrough of Sudbury

The Mayor for the time being Sir Thomas Barnardiston Baronet John Robinson Esq^ John Catesby John Parish Richard Hobard William Cocke Samuell Abbott William Hazell Thomas Hall Samuell Hazell William Fothergill Robert Chaplin Martin Harris Clement Ray Bernard [Carver1] Henry Crossman William Hall Robert Gurling Miles Birkett.

For the Burrough of Dunwich

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronet Sir Phillip Skipon Knight John Benefice John Postle Jeremiah Burlingham William Wetherby Thomas Neale William Betts William Hamond Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of Ipswich

The Bayliffes for the time being Richard Pupplett Robert Manning Sir John Barker Sir Charles Bloise Sir [Peiton *] Ventris one of Their Majestyes Justices of the Common Pleas Thomas Edgar Recorder Charles Wright Lawrence Stistead Richard Phillips John Burroughs W7illiam Neave William Browne John Blomfield John Wade Miles Wallis Henry Sparrow William Tye Robert Clarke Towne Clerke.

For the Burrough of Bury St. Edmonds.

Sir Robert Davers Baronet Henry Goldwell Sir Thomas Harvey Knights Robert Sharpe Richard Preym Aldermen Martin Spenceley Thomas Holland Esquires Thomas Macro senior Recorder for the time being Thomas Macro junior.

For the Burrough of Aldborough

Sir Henry Johnson Knight William Johnson Esq, John Bence Esq, Thomas Neale Esq^ John Browne Thomas Wall Edward Wall Alexander Osborne Hitchengam Wright John Bunvood Richard Coveil Richard Gardener Gent Richard Burwood.

For the Towne of Orford

Sir John Duke Baronet Thomas Glemham Thomas Felton Esq Thomas Hastings Joseph Hastings Thomas Palmer William Morgan.

For the County of Surrey

The Right Honourable Sir Robert Howard one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Council The Right Honourable Sir [Robert3] Capell Knight of the Bath one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable lleneage Finch The Honourable Francis Coventry The honourable Percy Kirke Esquires Sir Walter St John Sir Francis Vincent Sir Adam Browne Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Thompson Sir Lawrence Stoughton Sir Edward Bromfield Sir Edward Evelin Sir William Temple Sir Robert Napper Sir Richard Atkins Sir William Glynne Sir Joseph Alstone Baronets Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir William Hoskins Sir Mathew Andrews Sir St John Brodericke Sir Robert Clayton Sir Purbecke Temple Sir Peter Rich Sir James Clarke Sir Christopher Buckle Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Sir James Butler Sir William Elliott Sir Robert Knightley Sir George Vernon Sir Thomas Temple Sir Peter Daniell Sir Samuell Dashwood Sir Edward Fruin Sir John Parsons Sir Thomas Vernon Sir Peter Vandcputt Sir William Hill Sir George Meggott Knights Mr Serjeant Fuller Thomas Howard George Evelin William Mountague Hugh Hare Henry St Johns Thomas Vincent Roger James Thomas Turgis Anthony Bowyer Denzell Onslow White Tichbourne Foote Onslow John Weston Edward Nicholas George Rodney Bridges John Arnold John Evelin Phillip Hilyard Edward Harvey William Brownlow Baptist May James Zouch George Woodroffe Nicholas Carew John Milner George Evelin of Nutfield Morgan Randall Ambrose Browne Haestreat James Sigismond Stidolph George Duncombe Edward Bray John Sands William Hooker Richard Nicholls Shem Bridges Richard Morley Ambrose Muschampe Peter Hussey Deane Goodwin Phillip Rawley William Harvey Richard Onslow Christopher Buckle Thomas Lant John Gore Richard Garth Francis Brend William Hatton Charlton Whitelock Stephen Harvey Robert Gavill John Burgoine John Thynne William Perry William Vanbrough George C.oldham William Nuthall John Love Thomas Newton Nicholas Hookes George Smith William Haward John Mitchell Thomas Ures Henry Whistler John Wight Peter Delanoy Hatton Thomas

Trapps Henry tLudlow Jeffery Amhurst Henry Lloyd William Bridgman John Heather Martin Folkes John Turner Samuell Lewen Walter Howland John Pettiward Edward Thurland Thomas Molineux Henry Vincent John Parsons John Lugg Eldred Lancellott Lee Ellis Crispe Nicholas Wyat William Jenue Nicholas Fenne Captaine Salmond Benjamin Le Cane Samuell Atkinson William Herster Phillip Forster Major Edward Lane William Eyre Ralph Snow Samuell Soinerford Thomas Cox Robert Saunders Captaine Henry Williamson Richard Kent Samuell Pett George Goreing Nicholas Waite Robert Douglas Esquires The Mayor and Magistrates of Guilford for the

1 Carter 0.

• Peyton O.

3 Henry 0.

205

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

time being Bailittes of Kingston for the time being Thomas Wimondesold Maximilian F.mely John Austin William Boothby Timothy Wilson Joseph Lee Robert Moore John Childe Saunders of Toating Josias Dewy

Thomas [Burroughs'] Urban Hall Samuell Crispe Lawrence March John Spencer Ralph Strake Richard Jewell Thomas Harris Samuell Walls Captaine Bartholomew Thomas Jordan of Gatwick William Jordan Do6lor Budgton Doctor Rosewell Thomas Jordan Richard Gwynne Henry Johnson Edward Woodward William Summers Peter Norbrow Robert Bowyer of Richmond Thomas Cusden Gerrat Andrews Simon Smith Richard White Doctor Kelsey Henry Wyatt John Burchett Peter Hues Vertue Radford George Atwood William Dorrizon John Steere John Eversett Ulisses Blount John Terry Captaine Wadnall John Simboll Peter Kesterman William Hambley Isaac Cox Leonard Hammond Thomas Hammond Richard Hammond Daniell Mercer Richard Morgan Henry Bines William Gibbs Christopher Smith Francis Wilkinson Jonadab Balam William Sherlocke Jonas Sish Daniell Wight Thomas Jordan Daniell Duttees John Greene Joseph Wood Charles Shorter Vertue Radford Thomas Juxon Thomas Lofield William Allwood Collonell Peirce Walter Vernon Samuell Atkinson Edward Smith Esquires John Sermon Samuell Hall Benjamin Cracker John Hadson William Grey John Nicholls Edward Dimbleby William Atwood Thomas Jordan Brewer Benjamin Tarrant John Allwood John Wood Joseph Shepherd Daniell Wright senior Henry Wilcason Thomas Cox John Chumney Jacob Packham William Steerie William Rutter John Gerrard John Smith of Camberwell Joseph Chittey Francis Wilcason.

For the County of Sussex

Sir John Pelham Sir William Thomas Sir John Fagg Sir Denny Ashburnham Sir Thomas Dyke Sir William Wilson Sir William Culpeper Sir Richard Shirley Sir Richard Onslow Baronets Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir James Morton Sir Edward Selwin Sir John Briscow Sir Christopher Conyers Sir Edward Hungerford Sir James Smith Knights Sir Philip Gell Baronet Thomas Pelham Thomas Sackvile John Lewknor William Morley Henry Pelham Thomas Nudigate Henry Shelley Nisell Rivers Richard Bridges Thomas Briggs Doctor at Law William Board George Goreing George Nevill James Butler Thomas Beard John Spence senior James Graves John Fuller John Baker John Miller Humphry Fowle Simon Smith Phillip Parker Alexander Staples Richard Onslow Esquires John Burrell Thomas Bromfield Walter Dobell junior William Markwicke John Board Thomas Burrell Gentlemen Sir Thomas Miller Thomas Osbourne Thomas May John Matchell Thomas Bickley George Gunter John Breman Richard Farrington Nathaniell Palmer Thomas Palmer William Williams Peter Gott Henry Apsley Thomas Fruen Edward Dynne Samuell Highland George Courthop Esquires John Marlott Randolph Tutty Francis Page Thomas Woodier Gent Walter Roberts William Peckham Thomas Betsworth Thomas Gray John Apsley William Westbrooke William Garway Thomas White (l) John Cooke of Pet worth Thomas Garway John Cooke of Goreing John Lee of Plastow Richard Cooper Esquires Henry Bernard Thomas Nash Edward Staker Oliver Whitby William Paine Humphrey Jewkes Thomas Peckham Thomas Knowles Thomas Colebrooke Richard Banks Anthony Cruttenden Gent Robert Hall Gent Paul , Burrard Esqs The Maiors of Chichester and Arundell for the time being Barnham Powell Charles Goreing John [CheateJ] Charles Fagg John Miller Robert Orme Henry Cowper Richard Paine senior Apsley Newton senior John Alford Robert Fagg John Monk Anthony Eversfeild Esquires William Newton Nathaniell Turner John Gratwick of Jewis John Gratwicke of Etons Thomas Poole Stephen Humphry William Alderton Thomas Ellis Francis Goater Abraham Chapman Edward Morley William Cobden Nicholas Best Thomas Shepherd John Hay Samuell White John Wicker John Shelley William Blaker John Wcekes Thomas Fagg Gent John Peachy of St Peters John Peachy Barrister at Law Esquires John Styant Robert Thornden Richard Butcher George Oglander William Peachey Gent.

• For Seaford

The Baylifte and Jurats for the time being John Conyers Esq., The Bayliffe of Pevensey for the time being.

For the County of Warwicke

The Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Tiviot of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable the Lord Digby of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Sir Francis Compton Knight The Honourable Francis Grevill Esqs The Honourable Thomas Coventry Esq* Sir John Mordant Sir Charles Holt Sir Simon Clarke Sir Jacob Astley Sir Richard Temple Sir Clement Fisher Sir William Boughton Sir John Bridgeman Sir Charles Shugburgh Sir John Huband Sir Reginald Foster Sir Bazill Price Baronets Sir William Underhill Sir John Clopton Sir William Craven Sir Andrew Hacket Sir William Bishop Sir Richard Verney Sir Thomas Rawlinson Knights Robert Burdett William Bromley Andrew Archer Walter Chetwind Esquires Thomas Rawlins Sergeant at Law William Peicoe George Lucy Bazill Fielding Robert Somervile Thomas Wagstaffe Seabright Repington Arden Adderley Henry Parker Arden Baggott Charles Newsham Hercules Beufoy Charles Knotsford William Palmer Richard Hopkins Thomas [Mariott4] William [Coaleman5] Thomas Keate Edward Bentley Hastings Ingram. Charles Jennens William Bolton Edward Clopton Ward Dilke William Dugdale Michaell Biddolph Simon Biddulph John Gowre Robert Harvey Francis Fisher junior Nathaniell Stoughton Henry Greene. John Stratford John Astley Humphry Holden Humphrey Boughton Edward Boughton Francis Boughton John Shugburgh James Ludford Edward Farmer John Combes John Clarke James Prescott Thomas Peeres Esquires George Fulwood John Mariot Thomas Archer John Newsham Thomas Newsham Ambrose Holbech William Loggins Timothy Stoughton John Apletree John Stanton Anthony Trotman Robert Wilcox John Andrews Job Beardsley Gentlemen The Maior of Warwicke for die time being The Mayor of Stratford for the time being The Bayliffes of Tam worth for the time being.

• Borrows O. « Junior O. 3 Cheald 0. * Marrot 0. s Colemon 0.

206

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

For the City and County of the City of Coventry.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Christopher Hales Sir Thomas Norton Baronets Richard Hopkins Henry Greene Edward Tailer John Bowater Thomas Hopkins Robert Beake Esquires John Boon Edward Hill Henry Smith Robert Smith Gentlemen Nathanicll Harriman Francis Harryman Edward Owen Thomas Lawrence Aldermen.

For the County of Westmorland

Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir George Fletcher Baronets Sir Daniell Fleming Sir Christopher Phillipson Sir John Otway Knights Richard Lowther John Dalston Christopher Dalston Thomas Hilton William Fleming Edward Wilson senior Edward Wilson junior William Sandford Henry Wilson Thomas Fletcher Richard Brathwaite Roger Moore Edward Musgrave John Fisher John Phillipson John Nevison Hugh Matched Ephraim Sandford The Mayors of Apleby and Kendall John Smith Robert Sharpe Thomas [Goodsale*] Gent Richard Crackenthorpe Ciprian Hilton Arthur Scaife Richard Pindar Anthony [Saul *] John Brougham Thomas Shepard Daniell Fleming Miles Philipson George Wilson Thomas Heblethwaite James Simpson James Bird Reginald Dobson John Hall Thomas Wilson William Birkhead Thomas Cocke.

For the County of Wilts

Charles Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton Edward Viscount Cornbury Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Clarendon Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Shaftsbury Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earl of Abingdon Henry Lord Colraine of the Kingdome of Ireland Anthony Lord Viscount Faulkland of the Kingdome of Scotland The Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esq^ Sir Edward Seymour Sir Walter St John Sir John Button Sir Edward Windham Sir Richard Grubham How Sir Walter Long Sir James Long Sir William Pincent Sir James How. Baronets Sir Edward Hungerford Sir John Nicholas Knights of the Bath Sir Giles Eyre Knight one of the Justices of Their Majesties Court of Kings Bench Sir Henry Coker Sir John Emley Sir John Talbot Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir George Hungerford Sir Stephen Fox Sir Thomas Escourt Sir Mathew Andrews Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Charles Rawleigh Sir Edmund Warnford Sir John Collins Sir Richard Hart Sir George Willoughby Sir Thomas Fowles Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Charles Hedges Knights The Honourable Goodwin Wharton Francis Pawlett George Pitt Richard Lews Alexander Popham senior Alexander Popham junior Robert Hyde Francis Wroughton senior John Hall Richard How Thomas Hobby John Windham Henry Bainton Thomas Lambert of Bayton Samuell Eyre Henry Brouncker Thomas Freake of Shrowton Thomas Bennet Edward Nicholas of Manninford Maurice Buckland Thomas Pitt William Ash Alexander Thistlethwaite Francis Morley Henry St John Charles Fox Edward [Nicholas3] of Winterbourne Walter Ernie John Smith of Tidworth John Deane Edward Nicholls of Camins Francis Goddard Francis Stonehouse William Trenchard Lawrence [Swainton4] William Daniell Christopher Willoughby Thomas Webb William Yorke John Glanvill Thomas Baskerville Edward Nott Thomas Chamberlaine George Wroughton Thomas Goddard Thomas Freake of Hunnington John Bolis John Hawlis William Harvey Thomas Penruddock William Windham Thomas Windham Walter Grubb John Davenant Henry Chivers Nicholas Bainton Richard Chandler Richard Jones of Ramsbury John Ash of Haywood John Young Thomas Gunter senior Thomas Gunter junior James Linch of White Parish Cox Richard Whitehead Lyonell Ducket John Wildman junior Edmond

Lambert John Marvin William Willoughby William Norbourne Thomas Chafin Edward [Seymour5] Richard Nevill William George Charles Raymond Charles Tucker Benjamin Gifford John Fitzherbert Edmond Elungcrford John Bennet William Hearst Gabrieli Ashby John Wallis Richard Aldworth Herbert Salladine Richard Kent William Brewer Michaell Ernie Edward Lisle Nevill Maskaline William Player David Thomas Doctor of Phisicke Charles Yorke Walter Greene John Hippesley Charles Duncombe John Ash of Tefont Edmond Webb John Flower senior John Bond Thomas Harris Richard Poore John Jacob Edward Duke Captaine Fitzjames Thomas Lambert of Sarum Anthony Hungerford Thomas Poldcn Charles Danvers Walter Parker Henry Coker Francis Wroughton junior Robert Drake Thomas Markes John Gantlet John Bigg Francis Swanton William Greenfield Charles Mitchell Thomas Rolt William Iiitchcocke Henry Pinnell John Curie Charles Pleydall Charles Bowles Robert Grove senior John Grove of Chisbery Robert Grove John Long Francis Thistlewaite William Beach of [Tidleton6] Andrew Duke Charles Stuart Walter Long of Wraxall Robert Wadman Edward Hearst Samuell Trotman William Hancocke Councellor at Law Fowkes of Knoyle Stringer of Ivy Church George Hill

Thomas Beach John Kent of Boscum Edward Rider Esquire Robert Smith Henry Dennis Oliver Bingley William Fisher John Bowles Councellor at Law Edward Pleydall Edward Spencer Thomas Knighton Charles Brinsden Thomas 'fainter William Coles Thomas Bennet of Salthrop Thomas [Fipps7] Henry Fairfax William Hussey Richard Nevill Brereton Boucher Henry Blake Thomas Grove George Hill Esquires John Mompesson William Hues Thomas Powell Thomas Hayward Dauntessey Brounker Nicholas Elliott Christopher Gardiner Richard Minifie John Brooke Nicholas Daniell William Clare Christopher Lippiat John Smith of Alton Mathew Smith Jonathan Hilf John Twogood Walter Sharpe John Flower Henry Watman Edward Medlicott Thomas Hunt of Enford Henry Eyre of Woodhampton Edmund [Hennings8] Mathew Smith Francis Goddard of Pirton Henry Southby Thomas White John Fisher Francis Coles senior Thomas Francklin Robert Bisse Robert Mandrell Thomas Long of Rowden Thomas Stump Elias Ferris The Mayor of Salisbury' for the time being The Mayor of Wilton for the time being the Mayor of the Devizes for the time being The Mayor of Maryborough for the time being The [Bayliffes*] of Chippenham for the time being Christopher Lippier George Willoughby George Davies of Woodford James 1

1 Godsale O. 5 interlined on the Roll. Nicholls O. 4 Swainson 0. * Seymore O.

0 Fiddletons 0. 7 Phillips O. • Henning O. * Bayliffe 0.

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 1.

207

Croom Nicholas Hayes Richard Smith of Kennet George Duke of Sarson Humphrey Wall Thomas Hunt of Maryborough Richard Hilliard of the Devizes Jonathan Rogers of Chippenham Henry Wallis Esquire Peter Temple Joseph Houlton Gentlemen Joseph Berrio John Lesse Anthony Trotman Gent William Stcwkley Esquires Sir Thomas Earle Charles Danvers Lovelace Bigg Gent.

For the City of New Sarum and Close of the same.

The Mayor for the time being Sir Giles Eyre Knight Recorder one of the Justices of Their Majestyes Court of Kings Bench Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir John Windham Knights Thomas Windham Thomas Hobby Thomas Pitt William llearst Christopher Gardner Peter Phelps William Smith Thomas Kenton John Prideaux Andrew Baden Roger Bushell James Herris Faulkner William Viner David Thomas Doctor of Phisicke

Richard Minors Lawrence Swanton Jonathan Hill Gabrieli Ashley Edward Hearst Thomas Lambert Herbert Saladine Esquires.

For the County of Worcester

The Right Honourable Richard Earle of Bellomont in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Thomas Coventry Robert Tracy Thomas Watson Henry Foliott Gilbert Coventry Esquires Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath and Lord Chiefe Baron of Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer Sir Nicholas Lechmere one of the Barons of Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer Sir Henry Litleton Sir John Packington Sir Francis Russell Sir Thomas Rowse Sir Edward Seabright Baronets Sir William Keyte Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir James Rushout Sir Rowland Barkley Sir Harry Conningsby Sir Francis Winnington Sir Thomas Streete Sir Thomas Haslewood Sir Edward Dineley Sir John Matthew's Sir John Sommers Their Majestyes Sollicitor Generali Knights Samuell Sandys Henry Herbert William Bromley Thomas Foley Richard Dowdeswell Thomas Savage senior Henry Jefferys George Walsh William Walsh Edwin Sandys Thomas Savage junior Edmond Letchmere Robert Berkley Thomas Jolliffe Edward Rudge Bridges Nanfan Charles Baldwin Salwey Winnington John Charleton Walter Savage senior Walter Savage junior Thomas Vernon of Astwood Thomas Cornwall Robert Dormer Robert Foley Francis Sheldon John Marriott William Hancocke Higgons James Thomas Vernon of Worcester George Dowrdeswell John Soley John Bearcroft John Clatton Robert Wilde Edward Bull Chambers Slaughter Gerard Dannett Richard Nash junior Allen Cliffe senior Allen Cliffe junior Francis Bromley John Sheldon Richard Freeman Charles Cocks Edward Stiner Goddard Carter Benjamin Jolliffe Thomas Chetle of the Wall house Abell Gower Esquires William Moore John Apletree Arthur Bagshaw Robert Dowley Thomas Low of Bromsgrove Abraham Cooke Thomas Bushell Phillip Bearcroft of the Parish of St Swithen Henry Toy Samuell Hunt Thomas Hunt of Ribenhall Edward Walker William Bird John Emmies Giles Parsons Martin Ballard Thomas Harris Richard Young George Gardiner Richard Avenant Thomas Hunt of Blockley James Nash Nicholas Wheeler Edward Davies Edward Lench The Mayor of Evesham The Bailiffs of Droitwich The Bayliffe of Bewdley George Harris Arthur Lowe William Boukey Richard Norbury.

For the City and County of the City of Worcester

The Mayor Aldermen and Sheriffe Sir John Sommers William Bromley Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Thomas Streete Henry Herbert Walter Savage junior Robert Wilde Phillip Bercroft of the Parish of St Swithen Samuell Swift Edward Cookesey James Higgons John Handy Thomas Smith Nicholas Baker.

For the County of Anglesey

Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland Lewis Lord Viscount Dungannon in the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Bulkley Robert Bulkley Esquires Sir Hugh Owen Sir William Williams Sir Thomas Mostin Baronets Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Thomas Burton John Hooke Nicholas Bagnoll Price Lloyd Francis Bulkley John Griffith of Carreg Lloyd John Owen Penrhose Owen Bold William Meirick John Grosvenor Conningsby Williams Owen Hughes Samuell Hanson John Jones Doctor of Divinity John Ellis Doctor of Divinity Owen Wynne William Robinson William [Griffith* 3 of Llanvaiethley Robert Owen of Holyhead William Morgan John Wynne Thomas Lloyd Henry Jones William Bulkley David Lloyd Lloydiart Hugh Wynne of Treyerworth Roger Hughes Rowland Wynne Henry Sparrow John Owin Cremlin Thomas Williams [Thomas Williams1] Maurice Lewis Francis Lloyd Hugh Williams David Williams Owen Davies of Llandefredog Henry Wynne of Penheskin Edward Lewis William Jones John Owen Bodiar Richard Edwards John Hill Richard Hughes William Griffith Thomas Roberts of Castellor Richard Vaughan John Price Owen Roberts Richard Bulkeley Maurice Parry The Mayor of Beaumaris for the time being.

For the County of Brecon

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Duke of Beaufort William Williams Esq* High Sheriffe Sir Walter Williams Sir Thomas Williams Sir Edward Williams Sir Rowland GWynne Bushey Mansell Thomas Morgan John Lewis of Coedmore Richard Williams Jeffery Jefferies Charles Morgan Edward Jones Thomas Walker John Jefferies Daniell Williams Walter Vaughan John Morgan Marmiduke Gwynne Edward Lewis Phillip Parry Richard Jeffreys John Stedman Charles Lloyd Lewis Jones Francis Lloyd John Walbeoffe Walter Williams Robert Lucy William Bowen John Gwynne John Lewis of I-angorse William Jones Jasper Meller Reece Price James Donne Richard Watkins Saunder Saunders Howell Powell Morgan Watkins James Parry Thomas Williams of Abercamlais Samuell Pritchard Richard Williams of Aberbrane Robert Rumsey Charles Powell Henry Jones

Griflits O.

s 0. omits.

208

A.D.\690.

2° Gul. & Mar.

c. 1.

Gwynne Vaughon Bartholomew Games Thomas Powell of Massemaur Marmaduke Lloyd Walter Vaughan of Tretower Edward Williams Charles Williams of Langinader Edward Games of Kuy Hugh Penry Richard Williams junior of Aberbrane William Watkins of Pennyworlod Lewis Lloyd Thomas Gwynne Henry Vaughan William Phillips William Williams of Bade John Maddocks Lewis Havard James Watkins of Shephouse Thomas Bowens William Lloyd Morgan Price Thomas Jones of Tredwstan John Rumsey Howell Morgan Edward Williams William Awbrey of Brecon William Watkins John Phillips Edward Price.

For the Towne of Brecon

The Bayliffe Recorder and Aldermen for the time being Sir Rowland Gwynne Knight Sir Walter Williams Baronet Jeffrey Jeffryes Thomas Morgan Richard Williams of Cabalva Edward Jones John Jeffreys Charles Morgan John Walters Daniell Williams William Phillips Saunder Saunders Lodowicke Lewis Henry Jones Esquires William Winter John Price John Jeffreys Henry Thomas Gentlemen Edward Hughes Esquire William Williams Daniell Price and Meredith James Gentlemen.

For the County of Cardigan

Sir Carbery Price Baronet Sir Thomas Powell Knight Sir Basill Price Baronet John Lewis Hector Phillips John Vaughan William Powell Thomas Lloid of Castle Howell Charles Lloyd William Herbert Thomas Lloyd of Bronwyd David Lloyd of Wem John Herbert [David Lloyd Walter Parry1] Thomas Lewis Daniell Evans John Lewis of Trood-y-rhyw John Lewis of Gervose David Lloyd of Crinveyn Edward Jones of Llanine Cornelius Le Brune Richard Lloyd John Phillips James Lloyd Evan Lloyd Hugh Lloyd John Williams Esquires John [James1] Edward Price Hugh Lloyd of Llwydiack Jenkin Lloyd David Lloyd of Foes-y-bleidded Stephen Parry Oliver Howells Morgan Howells David Lewis William Jenkins Hector Morgans John Morris David Howells William Parry Rees Lloyd of Lovesgrove David Lloyd of Cumbwa John Lloyd of Pantdd Hugh Lloyd of Dall-ys-Chertyr Rodoricke Richards Evan Evans and Charles Lloyd of Kilforth Gent.

For the County of Carmarthen

Sir Edward Mansell Sir Sackville Crowe Sir Rice Rudd Sir William Russell Baronets Sir Rice Williams [KntJ] Sir Orlando Gee Sir John Powell Knight one of His Majestyes Justices of the Court of Common Pleas Sir William Wogan one of His Majestyes Serjeants at Law Richard Vaughan of Taracoed Griffith Rice Thomas Cornwallis Rowland Gwynne Christopher Midleton Thomas Lloyd of Berthlandowell Richard Vaughan of Derthlys Richard Jones Marmaduke Williams John Williams of Abbercothy John Evans of Trevente Thomas Lloyd of Altacadnoe Richard Gwynne of Guempa Griffith Lloyd Rawleigh Mansell Edward Mansell Richard Mansell Roger Manwareing John Tredenham Heny Owens Edward Vaughan William Brigstocke Thomas Brigstock Thomas Lloyd of Dunncralt Arthur Gwynne John Williams of Talley Thomas Gwynne the elder Edward Jones of Leathemoiad Henry Lloyd of Llunstepham William Becvans of Pencoed John Phillips of Dolehaid John Williams of Carmarthen Towne Esquires George Gwynne Anthony Rudd David Gwynne Thomas Manwareing Owen Bowen Thomas Phillips of Kilsant David Lewis of Lisnevith Henry Vaughan of Place Gwynne William Jones of Colebrooke William Brigstocke of Abberguilly Walter Morgan Hugh Jones James Phillips Henry Lewis Anthony Williams Walter Thomas Benjamine Lewis William Davis of Drutfloyne Charles Dalton Thomas Phillips of Llandarogg Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Carmarthen

The Mayor Aldermen and Common Councill of the Towne Sir Edward Mansell Sir Sackvill Crow Sir Rice Rudd Baronets Sir Rice Williams Knight Rowland Gwynne Griffith Lloyd Edward Vaughan William Brigstock Henry Lloyd Marmaduke Williams Esquires Thomas Mainwareing Thomas Lloyd Griffith Lewis David Edwards and George Lewis Gent.

For the County of Carmarthen

[Richard4] Lord Bulkley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Edward Russell Thomas Bulkley Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronet Sir William Williams of Vaynoll Baronet Sir Thomas Mostin Baronet Sir Robert Owen Knight Thomas Burton John Hooke Nicholas Bagnoll Collonell William Price Roger Price Griffith Vaughan Robert Wynne William Wynne of the Abbey William Williams George Twesileton John Jones Doctor of Divinity John Ellis Doctor of Divinity Richard Jones Doctor at Law Owen Wynne of Glascoed Edward Williams William Madrin George Coitmore James Brunkyre Love Parry John Thomas Owen Hughes Samuell Hanson Conningsby Williams Robert Hookes Hugh Bodurda William Wynne of Llanunda John Rowlands Richard Edwards Randell Wynne William Wynne of Weme William Wynne of Gian yr a fan Griffith Wynne of Stinllin John Wynne Richard Kiffin Griffith C.arregg William Griffith of Madrinissa William Lloyd Hugh Lewis Robert Pugh Owen Wynne Pen y brin Owen Coitmore Humphrey Roberts Robert Griffith Thomas Fletcher William Williams Griffith Parry John Vaughan Evan Lloyd Penmachno Henry Arthur Hugh Stodart Owen Roberts John Maurice Thomas EIUs.

For the County of Denbigh

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the House of Commons and First [Lord *] Commissioner of the Great Seale of England Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Powell Sir Richard Midleton Sir Evan Lloyd Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Walter Baggott Baronets Sir Robert Cotton Sir Thomas Mostin Barronets

' Walter Parry David Lloyd O. 3 Jones O. 3 interlined on the Roll. 4 Robert 0.

2° Gul- & Mar

<209

Sir Francis Compton Sir John Conway Baronets Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Owen Sir Jeffery Shackerley Sir Roger Puleston Sir Griffith Jeffryes Knights Edward Vaughan of Llwdiarth Edward Brereton William Wynne of Melay Robert Davis of Llanerch Robert Wynne of Berthddu Richard Mostin of Penbid William Williams of Place y ward Kenrick Eyton John Puleston of Pitill John Winn of Forne Thomas Midleton Eubule Thelwall senior Josua Edisbury Roger Mostin of Brimbo William Robinson of Gwersilt Ellis Lloyd of Pen-y-lan John Robarts Thomas Carter Eubule Thelwall junior Cadwallader Wynne Robert Price of Geeler Owen Wynne of Lloyne David Maurice of Pen-y-bont Edward Maurice of Llorran Robert Wynne of Maesmochnant Sydney Bunner John Wynne of Garthmelio Gent Robert Griffiths of Brimbo Richard Midleton Charles Midleton Simon Thelwall of Llanbed'r Thomas Wynne of Difrinalett John Midleton of Gwaynynog Esquires Edward Griffiths Havod De Wern Gent John Puleston of Llansillin Edward Wynne of Llan-y-sidd Peter Ellis Foulke Lloyd of Foxall Ellis Meredith Esquires Eubule Lloyd Captaine John Chambers Richard Eyton Booth Passnetr Edward Lloyd of Place Maddock David Lloyd of Llangollen-vechan Richard Wynne of Aberkinleth David Lloyd of Bodnant Roger Midleton of Denbigh Robert Wynne of Garthmelio Robert Edwards of Plasiolin Edward Lloyd of Dwifani Thomas Lloyd of Cefu Robert Lloyd of Hendrewaloid Peter Foulkes of Ereviate John Vaughan of the same Gentlemen Sydney Godolphin Hedd Lloyd Esquires Evan Lloyd of Crosyockin Gent Thomas Price of Bwich Humphrey Vale of Place-Yn-Yale Hugh Hughes of Brintanghor Thomas Shaw of Denbigh The Aldermen and Bayliffes of the Towne of Denbigh for the time being Mr Thomas Harper Mr Robert Knowles

Edward Williams Est^ John Dolben Esq^ John Lloyd Thomas Price of Geeler Edward Chambers John Heaton

Robert* Roberts Richard Jones Thomas Davies Gent.

For the County of Flint

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the House of Commons and first Lord Commissioner of the Great Seale of England Sir John Hanmcr Knight and Baronet Sir John [Conway1] Sir Evan Lloyd Sir Thomas Mostin Sir William Glynn Sir Robert Cotton Sir Richard Midleton Baronets Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Owen Knight Sir Roger Puleston Knight Collonell Roger Whitley Collonell William Price

Collonell Thomas Whitley Collonell Thomas Salisbury William Hanmer Thomas Carter Thomas Hanmer Robert

Davies William Lloyd John Llangley John Broughton Edward Lloyd of Fathin Richard Mostin Thomas Eyton George Hope John Hope John Wynne Hugh Griffith Owen Barton Peirce Pennant Thomas Evans Thomas Whitley Kenrick Eyton Jerrick Eyton Edward Lloyd John Grosvenor Edward Rovenscroft Edward Kinaston Edward Morgan Richard Parrie William Rutter Thomas Williams Esquires Owen Barton Roger Mostin Ellis Young Lloyd

Twisleton William Griffith Thomas Jones Peter Wynn Roger Jones John Pennant Thomas Foulkes Josiah Jones Thomas Lloyd Roger Edwards Thomas Lloyd Thomas Critchley Roger Pennant Williams Thomas Salisbury John Wynn of Farm John Puliston of Pickhill Roger Davies Gentlemen.

For the County of Glamorgan

Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Stradling Sir Charles Kemys Sir John Awbrey Baronets Sir Richard Bassett Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir Humphrey Mackworth Sir Humphrey Edwin Knights John Windham Serjeant at Law Thomas Mansell Thomas Morgan Richard Lewis Mannaduke Gibbs David Jenkins Richard Seys William Herbert Francis Gwynne Bussey Mansell Thomas Lewis Edward Matthew Charles Matthew William Thomas William Windham Martin Button Richard Longher William Herbert junior Thomas Button George Bowen Oliver St John William Matthew William Aubury Thomas Gibbond Reynald Deere Walter Evans Rowland Dawkins William Seys Edward [Mansell Edward1] Parkins Edward Turbervill John Llewellin Richard Herbert John Price Esquires Thomas Rees Thomas Mansell of Penrice Jeremy Dawkins James Gwynne Thomas Price Godwin Herbert William Phillips John Bassett Thomas Popkins Rowland Hughes Phillip Williams Mathew Seys Richard Williams Roger Powell Richard Jenkins Anthony Powell I.oydarth Anthony Gwynne George Bidder Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Cardiffe

Thomas Williams C.radocke Wells William Jones Cradocke Nowell Benjamin Browne William Richards John Pursell Aldermen and William Thomas Towne Clerke William Jenkins and Richard Lloyd Gentlemen Bayliffes of the Towne of Cowbridge The Portreeve of Neath The Portreeve of Swansey for the time being.

For the County of Merioneth

Sir Richard Midleton Baronet Sir Hugh Owins Baronet Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Owen Knight Griffith Vaughan of Corse ge doll Hugh Nanney of Nanney William Lewis Anwill William Price of Rhiwlas Edward Vaughan of Llwdirth William Pugh of Matthevern William Wynne of Melay Owen Anwill of Penrhin Lewis Owens of Penniarth John Lloyd of Abberlavenny William Williams of Place-y-ward Vincent Corbett John Nanney of Llanvendigctt Roger Price of Rhywlas John Vaughan of Glan-y-llin Charles Hughes of Gwerkley Owen Wynne of Penniwern Edward Meyricke Simon Lloyd Robert Wynne of Macsineuodd Richard Mosrin Richard Mitton Jenkin Vaughan Owen Eyton Meredith Lloyd Anthony Thomas Richard Poole of Caenest John [Maesmore'] Thomas Lloyd of Llandeckwin Robert Pugh of Doleymoch William Eyton Robert Price of Isgroweddan Rowland Price Richard Owens Hugh Tydur of Egrin Esquires Robert Wynne of Garthmeilio Gent Mr Robert Nanney of Cefndaudwr Mr Edward Lloyd ot Ddwvfain Mr John Morgans of Plasse Mr John Lewis

1 Condway O. 3 interlined on the Roll

3 Marsmorc O.

3«

210

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1

of Festiniogg Mr John Wynne of Garthmeilio Mr John Lloyd of Chefhfais Mr Henry Mostin Mr William Owins of Llangar Mr John Humphryes Mr Hugh Hughes Mr Oliver Thomas Mr John Lloyd of Uron Mr Griffith Roberts of Rhiwgoch Mr Edward Hughes of Towin Mr Hugh Owens of Caerberlin Mr Robert Vaughan of Caerwnwch Mr William Humphryes Mr Thomas Lloyd of Hendwr Mr Richard Humphryes Mr Griffith Vaughan of Dole-y-melynllwin Mr John Price of Wingwem Mr Caleb Idoyd Mr Ellis Davies Mr Robert Lloyd of Uran Mr Rees Pritchard of Llwyngwrill Mr John Edwards of Tonfane Mr Morrice Davies Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronet Mr Evan Wynne.

For the County of Montgomery

The Honourable Andrew Newport Esq, Sir John Price Baronet Sir William Williams Knight and Baronet Price Deveraux William Pugh of Mathavern Edward Lloyd of Bearthlloyd Edward Vaughan John Matthews Mathew Morgan Richard Moistin John Kiffin Walter Clopton Charles Herbert John Edwards of Rorington Edward Leighton Edward Barret Arthur Vaughan Thomas Rocke Arthur Deveraux Charles Lloyd of Garth Gabrieli Wynne Richard Lee Phillip Eyton Daniell Whittingham Richard Herbert Richard Stedman Thomas Mason Nathaniell Maurice Humphrey Kinaston Thomas Lloyd Edward Price Robert Lloyd Arthur Weaver Mathew Price Meredith Morgan William Williams Evan Glynne Vincent Price Rowland Owen Richard Owens John Thomas Edward Evans Edmond Lloyd Richard Ingram Humphrey Jones Sidney Biner Sidney Godolphin Esquires Lumley Williams junior Thomas Jucks Edward Jones Gilbert Jones John Griffiths of Glanhaveren Richard Rock Roger Trevor William Lloyd of Finnant Richard Price of Gunley Vaughan Deveraux Thomas Griffiths 'Thomas Hodson Solomon Bowen Humphrey Lloyd of Gaitree Samuel! Lloyd John Griffiths of Bachiee John Vaughan of Mivod John Reed Hugh Derwas Robert Kinaston Hugh Davis of Colffrin John Davis of the same William Evance of Llanderinio Evan Jones of Llandlothian Richard Davies of Kenhinva Rees Lloyd of Kowney John Herbert Griffith Robinson William Peirce Richard Price of Bettus David Meridith of Llanethelan Thomas Gwynne Richard Glynne Price Clune Rees Lloyd of Cloghun Edward Bowen of Peneralt John Wilson Edward Price of Streetvaylog Edmond Morgan David of Penegos Rondle Owen Humphrey Owen Evan Jones Roger Jones George Higgins.

For the County of Pembrooke

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount [Cashells'] in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir Hugh Owen Baronet Sir Gilbert Lort Baronet Sir John Barlow Baronet Sir William Wogan Knight Their Majestyes Serjeant at Law Hector Phillips Essex Mericke Arthur Owen Rowland Laugharne Edward Phillips Lewis Wogan of Wiston Lewis Wogan of Boulston Hugh Bowen William Scourfield Walter Midleton John Owen John Williams David Williams Griffith Dawes Thomas Lloyd John Barlow senior George Lort Arthur Owen junior Griffith Fawkwell George Bowen William Warren James Lloyd Thomas Corbett William Skerme George Meare Lewis John Charles Phillips William Wogan junior Henry Walter George Lehunt David Mauris John Phillips John Lewes Arthur Laugharne Hugh I.augharne John Edwards Erasmus [Corbett1] John Owen of Berllan Esquires Robert Williams Lewis Mathews Gwyn Vaughan William Ford senior William Ford junior Owen Ford William Jones Thomas Jones George Harris John Owen of Priskilly George [Lloyd3] James I.augharne John Wogan John Morris George Lewis James Harris Gentlemen The Mayor of Pembrooke for the time being Francis Rogers Francis Dawes John Coursey Alexander Ford Aldermen of Pembrooke The Mayor of Tenby for the time being Henry Williams James Lloyd Deveraux Hammond John Morris.

For the County of Radnor

Sir John Morgan Sir Standish [Hartstronge4] Sir Edward Williams Sir Rowland Gwynne [Sir Edward Harley3] Sir Lacon Child Baronets William Fowler Richard Williams Henry Walcott Thomas Lewis of Harpton senior Edward Lewis of Manaughty Thomas Lew'is of Harpton junior Marmaduke Gwynne Samuell Powell Thomas Harley Litleton Powell Henry Probert Edward Price Thomas Vaughan Edward Howerth John Fowler Robert Lucy James Lloyd Charles Lloyd Charles Creed William Brewster Jeremiah Powell Evan Bowen Hugh Matthews Esquires Lewis Lloyd Thomas Lewis of Nantgwyett Nicholas Meredith Thomas Lewis of Cumtythwr John Davies of Coedglasson Thomas Howerth Evan Vaughan William Lloyd Coroners Lemuell Lloyd Andrew Davies William Tayler Peter Richards Jonas Stephens [Edward1] Weston Lloyd Weston Henry Bull Henry Vaughan Walter Vaughan Thomas Powell Edward Phillips Griffith Paine Robert Williams John WitnessThe Bayliffe and Aldermen of New Radnor for the time being Robert Price Recorder Griffith Paine Henry Bull John Miles Esquires Robert Weston Henry Boulter John Davies of the Uronlac Hugh Stephens Esquires John Stephens David Powell Gentlemen Hugh Lewis of Hendwall Nehemiah Kettleby WTlliam Probert Robert Cutler John Walshain Esquires.

For the Towne and County of Haverford West

The Mayor for the time being Sir Hugh Owen Baronet Sir William Wogan Knight Their Majestyes Serjeant at Law Arthur Ow'en Lewis Wogan of Bolston William Wogan junior Richard Howell William Skerme John Lewis Esquires William Fluerton Doctor of Phisicke Roger Davies Robert Prust senior John Bateman John Fowler Thomas Payer William Bowen William Browne George Lewis Jacob Wilford Vincent Powell Robert Prust junior William Bateman junior Thomas Harris Esquires William Bowen Thomas Llewellin Gent.

1 Cassall 0.

•Corbell 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

* Humtonguc 0.

> Herbert O.

A.D. 169V.

2° G u l. & Ma r . Sess. 2. c. 1.

211

And be it further Enabled and Declared That the severall Coihissioners aforesaid shall meete together at the most usual I and common Place of Meeting within each of the said Countyes Rideings Cityes Burroughes Townes and Places respectively on or before the Fifteenth Day of January next ensueing And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the said first Generali Meeting or the major part of them are hereby Authorized and Required to putt this present Act in Execution according to the best of their Judgements and Discretions And shall then if they see cause subdivide and distribute themselves soe into lesser numbers as two or more of the said Commissioners may be Appointed for the Service of each Hundred or other Division and as may best conduce to the Carrying on of Their Majestyes Service hereby required

And for the more Effectuall Performance thereof Bee it Enacted and Declared That the Commissioners at their aforesaid first Generali Meeting or the major parr of them shall Agree and Sett downe in Writeing who and what number of the said Comissioners shall act in each of the said Divisions or Hundreds and shall deliver a true Copy of such Writeing to the Receiver Generali to be appointed by Their Majestyes to the end that there be noe Failure in any part of the due Execution of the Service by this Act required

And bee it further Enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Receiver Generali from time to time within the Space of One Month next after he shall have received the full Suinme that shall be Charged on any Hundred or Division for each particular Payment that is to be made to such Receiver Generali by Vertue of this Act shall give to the Commissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a Receipt under his Hand and Seale Acknowleding his Receipt of the full Summe Charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular Payment which Receipt shall be a full Discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular Payment against Their Majestyes Their Heires and Successors And the Commissioners within the severall Divisions or Hundreds or any Two or more of them are hereby Authorized and Required to cause the said severall Proportions Charged on the Respective Divisions and on every Parish and Place therein for the said Twelve Months Assessment to be Equally Assessed and Taxed and to appoint Two or more Assessors in each Parish or Place for the perfecting thereof who are hereby Required with all Care and Diligence to Assesse the same equally by a Pound Rate upon all Lands Tenements Hereditaments Annuities Rent Charges and other Rents Parks Warrens Goods Chattel Is Stock Merchandizes Offices (other then Military Offices and Offices relateing to the Navy under the Command of the Commissioners of the Admiralty and Officers within Their Majestyes Household) 'Polls Profitts and all other Estates both Reall and Personall within the Limitts Circuits and Bounds of their respective Parishes and Places

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Summe of Foure hundred twelve thousand nine hundred twrenty five pounds fourteene shillings and six pence shall be Assessed Collected Levyed and Paid unto the Reciever Generali of the said severall Countyes who shall be appointed by Their Majestyes on or before the Five and twentyeth day of March in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one And the Summe of Foure hundred twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fourteene shillings and sixpence being the Second of the said Quarterly Payments on or before the Foure and twentyeth day of June in the said Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one And the Summe of Foure hundred tw'elve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fourteene shillings and sixpence being the Third of the said Foure Quarterly Payments on or before the Nine and twentyeth day of September in the (*) Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one And the Summe of Foure hundred twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fourteene shillings and sixpence being the fourth and last of the said Foure Quarterly Payments on or before the five and twrentyeth day of December in the £ said *] Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one And for the compleating of the whole Summe Charged as aforesaid and to the end the aforesaid Summes Charged upon the severall and respective Countyes Rideings Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places may be Equally and Indifferently Assessed according to the true Intent of this Act and the Money duely Collected and true Account thereof made the said Assessors are hereby Required to deliver One Copy of their respective Assessments fairely Written and Subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners And the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby Ordered and Required to Signe and Seale Two Duplicates of the said Assessments and the one of them to deliver or cause to be delivered to one or more Honest and Responsable Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors which the said Commissioners are hereby Authorized to Nominate and Appoint for each Parish or Place with Warrant to the said Collector or Collectors to Collect the said Assessment payable as aforesaid soe as the said severall Sums may be Paid in to the said Receivers Generali at the respective times aforesaid And the said Commissioners are hereby Required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Schedule or Note containing the particular

Sums Assessed upon each Parish or Place to the Receiver Generali of each County Rideing City Burrough

Towne or Place respectively to be by him the said Receiver Generali Transmitted into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer which the said Receiver Generali is Required to performe accordingly

And bee it further Enacted and Declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Money recieved by the said Collectors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duely Paid to the Receiver

Generali or to his Deputie or Deputies to be appointed under his Hand and Seale whereof Notice under the

Hand and Seale of the Receiver Generali shall be given unto the Commissioners or any Two of them within the respective Divisions or Hundreds within Ten dayes after the first Generali Meeting and soe from time to time within Ten dayes after every Death or Removeall of any Deputy (if any such shall happen) and the Receipt of such Receiver Generali his Deputie or Deputies or any of them shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every

in.

Commissioners to meet in the several Counties, &c. on or before 15 th January next, to execute this Act j

and may subdivide themselves.

IV.

Commissioners at their Meeting to set down in Writing what Number of Commissioners shall act in each Division, and deliver Copy thereof to Receiver General.

V.

Receiver General to give Commissioners a Receipt for Monies received by him from them.

Such Receipt to be a Discharge to Hundred, kc. Commissioners, in their several Divisions, to cause the Proportions charged to be equally assessed j and to appoint Assessors.

Duty of such Assessors.

VI.

.^412,92 c. 14s. 6d. to be paid to Receiver General 25th March 1691.

.£'412,925. 14s. 6d. Second Payment, 24th June 1691.

412,925. 14s. 6d. Third Quarterly Payment, 29th Sept. 1691.

412,925. 14s. 6d. Fourth and last Quartci ly Payment, 25th Dec. 1691.

Assessors to deliver Copy of Assessment to Commissioners, and Commissioners to sign and seal Two Duplicates thereof, and to deliver One thereof to Collector, which they are to nominate, with a Warrant for the Collection. Commissioners to deliver a Schedule of Sums assessed to Receiver General. Receiver General to transmit the same to the Exchequer.

VII.

Money received by Collectors, paid to Receiver General or his Deputy. Notice by Receiver General to Commissioners of such Payment. Receipt of Receiver General Discharge to CollcCtor.

* sayd O.

3 interlined on the Roll.

212

Sess. 2. c. 1.

2° Gul. & Mar.

Collectors to pay to Receiver General, See. Collectors travelling for such Payments. Receiver General to transmit Monies to Exchequer. Salary to Receiver General, See.

Regulations as to Duplicate of Assessment.

VI!f. Allowance to Collectors.

Collectors may detain Allowance.

Allowance to Commissioners Clerks paid by Receiver General.

IX.

Persons charged refusing, Sec.to pay.

Distress.

Collectors breaking open Doors,

Chest, See. to call in Constables, Sec. who are to aid Collectors.

Question upon Distress determined by Commissioners. Persons conveying away Goods, &c. Commissioners may imprison

Except Peers. Tenants may pay Rate and dcduCt.

Landlords to allow Deduction.

such Collector And the particular Collectors are hereby Required to Pay in all and every the Sums soe Received by them unto the said Receiver* Generali or their Deputie or Deputies for Payment whereof the said Collectors shall not be obliged to Travell above Ten miles from the places of their Habitations which said Receivers Generali are hereby Required forthwith to Transmitt or cause to be Paid the Moneys by them Received into the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer And the Lords Commissioners of Their Majestyes Treasury are hereby Authorized to allow the said Receiver Generali of each County Rideing City and Towne respectively in case he hath returned up as aforesaid a Duplicate of the Assessment of each Parish or Place in the County Rideing City or Towne for which he is appointed Receiver Generali a Salary for his Pains not exceeding Two pence in the Pound upon the Clearing of his Accompt which Duplicate soe to be returned into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer is intended to containe noe more then the Sums in Grosse to be collected by each Collector and the severall Names of the said Collectors

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That the Collectors of each Parish or Place which shall be appointed by vertue of this Act shall upon Collection of the whole Summe appointed to be collected by them and Payment thereof as is hereby before appointed have and receive for their Paines in Collecting and Paying the Moneys Three pence in the Pound which the said Collectors are impowered to detaine out of the last Payment of the Money of their severall and respective Foure Quarterly Payments And the said Reciever Generali upon the Reciept of the whole Assessments of the County Rideing City or Towne for which he is appointed Reciever Generali in case he hath recieved the severall Duplicates of each Parish or Place therein and not otherwise shall Allow and Pay according to such Warrant as shall be in that behalfe given by the said Commissioners or any of them One halfe peny in the Pound for the Commissioners Clerks for their paines in fair writcing the Assessments Duplicates and Copies

And bee it further Enacted and Declared That if any Person shall Refuse or Neglect to Pay any Summe of Money whereat he shall be Rated and Assessed That then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Collectors or any of them and they are hereby Authorized and Required to Levy the Summe Assessed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of such Person soe Refuseing or Neglecting to Pay and reasonable Charges of Distraining and Restoreing the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner thereof and to Breake open in the Day time any House and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the said Commissioners any Chest Trunke Box or other things where any such Goods are and to call to their assistance the Constables Tythingmen and HeadbuTroughs within the C.ountyes Rideings Cityes Townes and Places where any Refusall Neglect or Resistance shall be made which said Officers are hereby required to be Aiding and Assisting in the pmisses as they will Answere the contrary at their Perills And if any Question or Difference happen upon takeing such Distresses the same shall be Ended and Determined by the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them And if any Person or Persons shall Neglect or Refuse to Pay his or their Assessment or convey his or their Goods or other Personall Estate whereby the Summes of Money soe Assessed cannot be Levyed according to this Act then the respective Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby Authorized to Imprison the Person (Except a Peere or Peeres of this Realme) and him and them in Prison to detaine and keepe untill the Moneys soe Assessed and the Charges for the bringing in the same be Paid and Satisfied and noe longer And the severall and respective Tennant or Tennants of all Houses and Lands which shall be Rated by vertue of this Act are hereby Required and Authorized to Pay such Summe or Sumes of Money as shall be Rated upon such Houses or Lands and to Deduct out of the Rent soe much of the said Rates as in respect of the said Rents of every such House and Lands the Landlord should or ought to pay and beare And the said Landlords both mediate and immediate according to their respective Interests are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents

X.

Tenant paying acquitted to amount of Payment.

If Difference between Landlord and Tenant as to Rate, Commissioners may settle the same.

If Over Rate, Appeal to

Commissioners.

In case Proportions of Rate are not fully assessed, or assessed upon Persons not of Ability; or upon empty House;

or if Assessments not paid to Receiver General;

Commissioners, Assessors, &c. are to reassess.

And it is enacted and declared That every Tennant Paying the said Assesments shall be Acquitted and Discharged for soe much Money as the said Assesments shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually Paid unto such Person and Persons unto whome his Rents should have beene Due and Payable And if any Differences shall arrise betweene Landlord and Tennant or any other concerning the said Rates the said severall Commissioners or any Two or more of them in their severall Divisions shall and have hereby Power to Setle the same as they shall thinke fitt And if any Person or Persons shall finde him or themselves Agrieved in that the Assessors have overrated him or them and shall in Six dayes after Demand made of the Summe of Money Assessed on him or them Complaine to Two or more of the Commissioners (whereof one of the Commissioners who Signed or Allowed his or their Assessments to be one) the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall have and have hereby Power within Twelve dayes after the Demand of the Assessment as aforesaid to Relieve such Person or Persons and to Charge the same on such other Person and Persons as they shall see cause And in case the Proportions Sett by this Act upon all and every the respective Countyes Rideings Cities Townes and Places shall not be fully Assessed Levyed and Paid according to the true meaning hereof or if any of the said Assessments shall be Rated and Imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to Pay the same or upon any Empty or Void House or Land where the same cannot be Collected or Levyed or that through any Wilfulness Negligence Mistake . or Accident the the said Assessment Charged on each Countie Rideing City Towne or Place by Vertue of this Act happen not be Paid to the Reciever Generali his Deputy or Deputies of the respective Counties os in this Act is directed That then in all and every such Cases the severall and respective Commissioners Assessors and Collectors aforesaid and every of them respectively are hereby Authorized and Required to Assesse or Reassesse or cause to be Assessed or Reassessed Levyed and Paid all and every such Summe and Summs of Money upon the

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 1.

213

respective Counties Rideings Cityes Townes and Places or upon any the Divisions Hundreds and Parishes therein as to the said Commissioners or such Number of them as by this Act are Authorized to cause the First Assessment hereby required to be made shall seeme most agreeable to Equity and Justice The said New Assessment to be Made Collected and Paid in such manner and by such meanes as in this Act for this Assessment is Declared and Directed

And bee it further Enacted and Declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully Neglect or Refuse to Performe his or their Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this present Act the said respective Commissioners or any Three or more of them have hereby Power to Impose on such Person or Persons

soe refuseing or neglecting their Duties such Fine or Fines as by them shall be thought fitt and to cause the same to

be Levyed by Distresse and Sale of his and their Goods Provided That noe Fine to be Imposed by any of the said Commissioners shall for any one Offence exceede the summe of Twenty pounds And that all Fines that shall be Imposed by Vertue of this Act shall be paid to the respective Recievers Generali and by them to the Receipt of their Majestyes Exchequer

And it is further Enacted and Declared That if any Collector that shall be by Vertue of this Act appointed for the Receipt of any Sume or Sumes of Money thereby to be Assessed neglect or refuse to pay any Summe or Sumes of Money which shall by him be recieved as aforesaid and to pay the same as in this Act is directed

and shall detaine in his or their hands any Money recieved by them or any of them and not pay the same as

by this Act is directed the Commissioners of each County Rideing City or Towne respectively or any Two or more of them in their respective Divisions are hereby Authorized and Impowered to Imprison the Person and Seize and Secure the Estate both Reall and Personall of such Collector to him belonging or which shall descend or come into the hands or possession of his Heires Executors or Administrators wherever the same can be discovered and found and the said Commissioners who shall soe Seize and Secure the Estate of any Collector or C.olleftors shall be and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for the Generali Meeting of the Commissioners for such County Rideing City Towne and Place and there to cause publique Notice to be given at the Place where such Meeting shall be appointed Ten dayes at least before such Genei'all Meeting and the Commissioners present at such Generali Meeting or the major part of them in case the Moneys detained by any Collector or Collectors be not Paid and Satisfied as it ought to be according to the Directions of this Act shall and are hereby Impowered and Required to Sell and Dispose of all such Estates which shall be for the Cause aforesaid Seized and Secured or any part of them and Satisfie and Pay such County Rideing and Place the Summe that shall be detained in the hands of such Collector or Collectors their Heires Executors and Administrators respectively

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That at the Expiration of the respective Times in this Act prescribed for the full Payment of the [said '] Foure Quarterly Assessments the severall and respective Commissioners or any two of them within their Division and Hundred shall and are hereby Required to call before them the Collectors within each respective Division and Hundred to Examine and assure themselves of the full and whole Payment of the particular Summe and Summes of Money Charged upon the same Division or Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of the due Retume of the same into the Hands of the Recievers Generali their Deputy or Deputyes of the said County Rideing City Towne and Place respectively and by such Receiver Generali intb the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer to the end there may be noe failure in the Payment of any part of the Assessments by vertue of this Act to be Assessed and Paid nor any Arrears remaine Chargeable upon any the said Counties Rideings Cityes Towns or Places respectively And in case of any failure in the Premisses the said Commissioners or any two of them are hereby to cause the same to be forthwith Levyed and Paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act

And it is hereby Enacted and Declared That in case any Controversie arise concerning the said Assessments or the Dividing Apportioning or Payment thereof which concerns any the Commissioners by this Act appointed that the Commissioners soe concerned in the said Controversie shall have noe Voice but shall withdraw at the time of the Debate of any such Controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners

And bee it further Enacted and Declared That noe Priviledged Place or Person Body Politicke or Corporate within the Counties Rideings Cities and Townes aforesaid shall be exempted from the said Assessments and Taxes And that they and every of them and alsoe all Fee-Farme Rents and all other manner of Rents Payments Summe and Summes of Money or Annuities issueing out of any Lands shall be lyable towards the Payment of every Summe by this Act to be Taxed and Levyed And all the Tennants are hereby Directed and Authorized to pay them proportionably according to the Rates and Assessments by this Act Appointed and Directed And all such Tennants shall be hereby saved and kept harmlesse by Authoritie of this Act from any further Payment of any such Portion of any such Rent Rents Summs or Annuities to any Person or Persons to whome any such Rent Rents Sums of Money or Annuities as aforesaid should or ought to be Paid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as fully and amply as if they had Paid the same to any Person or Persons to whome the same is or are reserved or become due

Provided That nothing contained in this Act be extended to Charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the two Universities or the Colledges of Windsor Eaton Winton or Westminster or any Hospitall for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges Halls or Hospitalls or any Master Fellow or Scholler of any such Colledge or

1 interlined on the Roll.

3 I

Such new Assessment to be made, See. as the former Assessment.

XI.

Persons not executing Act. Commissioners may fine not exceeding *£20, levied by Distress, paid to Receiver General, and by him into Exchequer.

XII.

Collector neglecting to pay or detaining Monies. Proceedings by Commissioners. Commissioners so proceeding to appoint a General Meeting of Commissioners. Notice thereof; Collector not paying,

Proceedings by Commissioners or such General Meeting.

XIII.

At Expiration of Times for Quarterly Payments, Commissioners are to call Collectors before them, Sec. and, in case of Failure, Commissioners to cause same to be levied and paid.

XIV.

Questions respecting Assessments, fccc. in which Commissioners concerned, they have no Voice.

XV.

Privileged Places or Persons, &c. not exempt from Assessment.

Fee Farm and other Rents, Annuities, S:c. liable.

Tenants to pay proportionably, indemnified.

XVI.

Proviso for the Colleges in the Two

Universities, in the

21.4

A.D. 1690.

Colleges of Windsor, Eton, Winchester, and Westminster and for Hospitals, in respect of Sites of the Colleges, &c.

Houses held by Lease from Hospitals to be rated at their yearly Value.

XVII.

Person having a Houseinone Parish, &c. and Goods in another, to be charged for such Goods, See. where he dwells.

XVIII.

No Clause in this Act to extend to lessen the Rate.

XIX.

Proceedings in case the assessing by Pound Rate shall be found to obstruct the speedy bringing in of the Assessment.

XX.

Proviso for Contrail between Landlords and Tenants as to Payment of Taxes.

XXI.

Places used to be assessed to pay as heretofore.

XXII. Ailion brought touching Execution of this Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

XXIII. Receivers General and their Deputies to give Acquittances to Collectors.

The like Provision.

Such Acquittance to be a Discharge.

XXIV. Where Lands, See. unoccupied, and no Distress found, Collegers, Constables. &c. may enter and distrain.

2° Gul. & Mae. Sess. 2. c.l.

Hall or in any Free Schooles or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universities Colledges or Schools or of any Hospitalls or Almshouses for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Profits whatsoever ariseing or growing due to them in respect of the said severall Places and Imployments in the said Universities Colledges Schools Hospitalls or Almshouses nor to Charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall St Bartholomews Bridewell St Thomas and Bethlem Hospitall in the City of London and Burrough of Southwarke or any of them for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitalls being to be Recieved and Disbursed for the immediate Use and Reliefe of the Poore in the said Hospitalls Provided That noe Tennants that Hold and enjoy any Lands or Houses by Lease or other Grant from any of the said Hospitalls doe Claime and Enjoy any Freedome Exemption or Advantage by this Act but that all the Houses and Lands which they soe Hold shall be Rated and Assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitalls

Provided That where any Person inhabiting within the City of ixmdon hath his Dwelling House in one of the Parishes or Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandizes in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same That then such Person shall be Charged Taxed and Assessed for such his Goods or Merchandices in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth and not elsewhere within die said City

Provided neverthelesse That noe Clause or Provisoe in this Act shall extend to the lessening or abatement of the full Summe appointed by this Act to be Taxed Levyed Collected and Paid but that the same be fully Assessed Taxed Levyed Collected and Paid in the severall and respective Counties Cities and Townes aforesaid in such manner and forme and to such uses as herein is before mentioned and declared

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby Enacted and Declared That in case the way or manner of Assessing by a Pound Rate shall prove any wayes prejudiciall or obstructing to the speedy bringing in of the Assessment or any part thereof appointed by this Act That then and in all such Cases the respective Commissioners or any Two of them are hereby Authorized to Order and Direct their respective Assessors who are hereby Required to Proceede accordingly to Assesse the respective Summes Charged on the respective Counties Rideings Cities Burroughs Townes and Places mentioned in this Act according to the most just and usuall Rates held and pradiced in such Counties Rideings Cities Burroughs Towns and Places respectively Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Alter Change Determine or make Void any Corn rads Covenants or Agreements whatsoever betweene Landlord and Tennant or any other Persons touching the Payment of Taxes and Assessments Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and Irk; it further Enacted and Declared by the Authority aforesaid That for the avoiding of all Obstructions and Delayes in Collecting the Sums by this Act to be Rated and Assessed all Places Constablew'icks Divisions ami Allotments which have used to be Rated and Assessed shall Pay and be Assessed in such County

Hundred Rape and Wapentake as the same have heretofore beene usually Assessed in and not elsewhere

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suite or Information shall be Commenced or Prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall doe in Pursuance or in Execution of this Act such Person or Persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall and may Pleade the Generali Issue (Not Guilty) and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the speciall matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiff'e or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer a Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendants shall Recover their Treble Costs for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the severall Recievers Generali which

shall be appointed according to this Act their Deputy or Deputycs shall • from time to time at every Payment

appointed thereby give unto the severall Collectors within their respective Precincts upon the Payment of the whole Summe due at such times of payment from their respective Parishes Constablewicks or Places within.each of their Collections severall Acquittances under their Hands without takeing any thing for the same And that in like manner at every time of Payment appointed by this Act the Receiver Generali of each County his Deputy or Deputies shall give unto the severall Collectors aforesaid upon the payment of the w'hole Summe or any part thereof due for their Parish or Place respectively at each time of payment aforesaid severall Acquittances under their Hands and Seals without takeing any thing for the same Which said Acquittance of the Reciever Generali his Deputy or Deputies shall be a full and perfect Discharge to the Collectors and to such Parish or Place respectively and to every Person Charged within the said Collectors charge against Their Majesties their Heires and Successors for the Summe or Summes of Money soe acquitted

Provided alwayes and bee it further Enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish Place or Constablewick shall be unoccupied and noe Distresse can be found on the same by reason whereof the said Parish Place and C.onstablew'ick are forced to pay and make good the Taxe Assessed upon such Land lying unoccupied That then it shall and may be lawfull at any time after for the Collectors Constable or Tythingmen of the said Parish Place or Constablewicke for the time being to Enter and Distrainc upon the said Lands or

2° Gul. & Mail Sess. 2. c. 1.

215

Houses when there shall be any Distresse thereupon to be found and the Distresse and Distresses being the proper Goods of the Owner or any Claimeing any Estate Interest or Profit! under him if not Redeemed within Foure dayes by Payment of the 'lax and Charge of the Distresse to Sell rendering the Overplus to the Owner

or Owners of such Distresse And the said Collector Constable or Tythingman is hereby Enjoyned to Distribute

the Money Raised by the said Distresse or Sale thereof proportionably to the Partie who Contributed to the 'l*ax of the said unoccupied Lands

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That where any Woodlands shall be Assessed and noe Distresse can be had that in such Case it shall and may be lawfull to and for any C.olle&or Constable Headburrough or Tythingman by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of that Hundred or Division at seasonable times of the Yeare to Cutt and Sell to any Person or Persons soe much of the Wood growing on the Woodlands soe Assessed as will pay the Assessment or Assessments soe behinde and unpaid and the Charge incident thereunto And that it shall and may be lawfull for the Person and Persons and his and their Assignes

to whome such Wood shall be Sold to Sell Cutt downe Dispose and Carry away the same to his owne use

rendring the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner Any Law to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and bee it further Enacted That where any Taxe or Assessment shall be Charged or Laid upon any Tythes Tolls Profitts of Markets Fairs or Fishery or other Annuall Profitts not Distrainable in case the same shall not be Paid within Fifteene Dayes after such Assessment soe Charged or Laid and Demanded Then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the C.olle&or Constable or other Officer thereunto appointed by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the Commissioners Authorized by this Act to Seize Take and Sell soe much of the said Tythes Tolls and other Profitts soe Charged as shall be sufficient for the Levying the said Tax and Assessment and all Charges occasioned by such Nonpayment thereof rendring the Overplus to the Owner (if any be)

Proceedings

thereon.

XXV.

Where Wood Lands assessed, and no Distress had. Collectors, Sic. may enter, and cut Wood, &c. growing.

Buyers of ' such Wood may sell the same, rendering Overplus to Owner.

XXVL Proceedings where Assessment charged on Property not diatrainable.

XXVII. Receivers General certifying Arrears due where Monies have been received;

And for the better preventing of such unjust Vexations as might be occasioned by such Persons as shall be

appointed Receivers Generali of any the Summes of Money Granted by this Act and to the intent that the

said Receivers Generali may returne a true Account into Their Majestyes Court of Exchequer of such Sums of Money as shall be Recieved by them and every of them their and every of their Deputie and Deputies Bee it

further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That if any Receiver Generali shall Returne or Certifie into the said

Court any Summe or Summs of Money to be in Arreare [and1] unpaid after the same have beene Recieved either by such Reciever Generali or by his Deputie or Deputies or any of them or shall cause any Person or Persons to be Sett Insuper in the said Court for any Sum or Sums of Money that hath beene soe Recieved That Penalty to Party then every such Reciever Generali shall forfeit to every person and persons that shall be Molested Vexed or Dammaged by reason of such unjust Certificate Returne or Setting Insuper the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned the said Damages to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and shall alsoe forfeit to Their Majestyes Their Heires and Successors the Summe that shall be soe unjustly Certified or Returned or caused to be Sett Insuper

Penalty to Their

Majesties.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That the said Foure Quarterly Payments of One hundred thirty seven thousand six hundred forty one pounds eighteene shillings and two pence per Mensem amounting in each Quarter of the Foure Quarters to the Summe of Foure hundred twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fourteene shillings six pence shall be Assessed Collected Levyed and Paid to the Reciever Generali of the severall Counties that shall be appointed by the Times mentioned and expressed in this Act and shall be paid by the said Recievers Generali into Their Majestyes Receipt of the Exchequer within Twenty dayes after the said Times mentioned and expressed in this Act

XXVIII. Quarterly Payments to be made to Receivers General, and by them into the Exchequer within 20 Days after the Times before mentioned.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners wrho shall be XXIX. imployed in the Execution of this Act shall be lyable for or by reason of such Execution to any of the l^bT^t o* pen Ik icT Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the Five and twentieth Yeare of King Charles the Second Intituled An of 25 Car. II. c. 2. Act for Preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants

yyv

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That noe Person shall be capeable of acting as a Commissioner in the Commissioner* to

Execution of this Act before he shall take the Oaths appointed by an Act of the last Parliament F.ntituled An Act take the Oaths of

■rr/ • . 1 W & M Sess 1

for the Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths Which Oaths it shall c>8.

be lawfull for any Two or more Commissioners to Administer And they are hereby Required and Authorized to which the .... . , _ . . Commissioners

Administer the same to any other Commissioner may administer.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby Enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Person and Persons to Advance and Lend unto Their Majestyes upon the Security of this Act any Summe or Summes of Money and to have and recieve for the forbearance thereof after the rate of Seven pounds by the Hundred for One whole Yeare and noe more directly or indirectly

And to the end that all Moneys which shall be Lent unto Their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act may be well and sufficiently Secured out of the Moneys ariseing and payable by this Act Bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in Their Majestyes Exchequer (that is to say)

1 or O.

XXXI. Persons may lend Money to Their Majesties on this Act at 5^7 per Cent, per Ann.

XXXII.

Repayment of suen Monies how secured.

Books provided.

216

Tally of Loan to Lender, and Warrant for Interest.

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in course.

Monies to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for providing or making Books,

&c. or for Payment of Money lent. Penalty. Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer.

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Deputy.

Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller, not making Payments in due Order.

Penalty.

How all such Penalties to be recovered.

XXXIII.

Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

XXXIV. Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

XXXV.

Out of the Monies raised by this Act £ i ,000,000 applied to the Payment of Seamen and Stores.

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 1.

A.D. 16,90.

in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts one Booke or Register in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by Vertue of this Act shall be Entered and Registred apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to Their Majesties upon any other Branch of Their Majestyes Revenue or upon any other Account whatsoever And that all and every Person and Persons who shall Lend any Money to Their Majestyes upon the Credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment bearing the same Date with his Tally In which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for Forbearance after the Rate of Seven pounds per C.entu per Annu for his Consideration to be paid every Three Months untill Repayment of his Principall And that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be Registred in course according to the Date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another And that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand Entered in the said Register Booke soe as

that the Person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Order or Orders

first Entered in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and accounted as the first Person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by Vertue of this Act And he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next Entered shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid and soe successively and in course And

that the Moneys to come in by this AS. shall be in the same Order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective

Parties their Executors Administrators or Assigns successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other Use Intent or Purpose whatsoever And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any [of'] Their Majestyes Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entryes View or Search in or for Payment of Money Lent or the Interest as aforesaid by any of Their Majesties Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputies on Paine of Payment of Treble Damages to the Partie grieved by the Party offending with Costs of Suite or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his Place alsoe And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the Partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the Value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Partie grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office And if such Preference be unduely made by any his Deputie or Clerke without direction or Privity of his Master then such Deputie or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office. And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make Payment according to each Persons due place and order as afore directed then he or they shall be judged to forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and

Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputies or Clerks shall and may

be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Their Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law7 Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby Declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loane or Orders for Payment as aforesaid beare Date or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be Registred

then it shall be interpreted noe undue Preference wrhich of those he Enters first soe he Enters them all the

same Day Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incurr any Penalrie in point of Payment if the Auditor Direct and the Clerke of the Pells Record and the Tellers doe pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Order before other Persons that did not come to demand their Money and bring their Order in their Course soe as there be soe much [Money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them (Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Banke for them.)

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any Moneys shall be due by vertue of this Act after Order Entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement of his Order may Assigne and Transfer his Right Title Interest and Benefit of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being Notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall theireof alsoe made in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall Intitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner Assigne againe and soe toties quoties And afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignments to make Void Release or Discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof

And to the intent that the Summe of Ten hundred thousand pounds part of the Moneys to be Raised by

vertue of this AS may be certainly applyed to the payment of Seamen and to the paying for Stores Provisions

and Victualls and for other necessary Uses and Services in and for Their Majesties Navy Royall Bee it Enacted

That out of the Money which shall be Levyed and Paid by vertue of this Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer

as well upon Loane as otherwise the Summe of Ten hundred thousand pounds shall be Applyed and Appropriated and is hereby Appropriated to and for the payment of Seamen that have Served and shall Serve in Their Majestyes

* 0. omits.

* interlined on the Roll.

£17

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1.

Navy Royal! and to and for the paying for Stores Provisions and Victualls supplyed and to be supplyed and to and for the Expences of Their Majestyes Office of Ordnance in respect to Navall Affaires and for other necessary Uses and Services performed and to be performed for the said Navy.

And for the effectuall doeing thereof and that the said Summe of Ten hundred thousand pounds hereby Appropriated to the Uses aforesaid may not be Diverted or Applyed to any other Purpose And alsoe to the intent that all the Moneys Given by this Act may be duly paid into Their Majesties Exchequer Bee it further

Enacted That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keepe in his Hands any part of the Money by him

Collected for any longer time then is by this Act Directed (other then the Allowance made unto him by this

Act) or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons other then the Receiver Generali of such County

or Place or his respective Deputie That every such Collector shall forfeit for every such Offence the Summe of Five pounds And in case any Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any part of the Moneys paid to him or them by any Collector by vertue of this A d to any person or persons whatsoever (other then the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer) and that at or within the respective Times limitted by this Act or in case such Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any part of the said Moneys by any Warrant of the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or upon any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation or other Way or Device whatsoever whereby to divert or hinder the actuall Payment thereof into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid That then such Receiver Generali shall for every such Offence of hiinselfe or his Deputie forfeit the Summe of Five hundred pounds to him or them that shall Sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law is to be allowed

And it is hereby further Enacted That the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them doe not direct any Warrant to any of the said Collectors or Receivers Generali or their Deputies for the Payment of any part of the Moneys hereby Given to any person or persons other then into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid nor shall they or any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the Strikeing of any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation nor doe any other Matter or Thing whereby to divert the aCluall Payments of the said Moneys into the Receipt of the Exchequer Nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer Strike or Direct or Record the Strikeing of any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation upon any of the said Moneys upon any Account or Warrant whatsoever Nor shall any Teller throw downe any Bill whereby to Charge himselfe with any of the said Moneys untill he shall have actually recieved the same

And bee it hereby further Enacted That the Officers of the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer shall keepe the said Summe of Ten hundred thousand pounds hereby Appropriated and the Account thereof distinCt from all other Moneys and Accounts whatsoever And that the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or [the1] Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being doe not Signe any Warrant or Order or doe any other Matter or Thing for the issueing any part of the said Summe of Ten hundred thousand pounds hereby Appropriated as aforesaid to any person or persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy for the time being and expressing therein that the same is for the Uses aforesaid. Nor shall the Auditor of the Receipt draw any Order for the issueing any part of the said Summe of Ten hundred thousand pounds hereby Appropriated to any person or persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputie as aforesaid Nor shall he DireCl or the Clerke of the Pells Record or any Teller make Payment of any of the said Moneys by vertue of any Warrant or upon any Order or other Way or Device whatsoever other then to the Persons and for the Uses aforesaid and to be soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant or Order

And it is hereby further Enacted That the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being shall keepe the said Suirie of Ten hundred thousand pounds appropriated as aforesaid by Vertue of this Act as the same shall be

paid in to him distinct and apart from all other Moneys and shall Issue and Pay the same by Warrant of the

Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy or any Three or more of them and mentioning and expressing that the same is for the respective Uses for which the same is appropriated as aforesaid and for noe other Use Intent or Purpose whatsoever Which said Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy are to follow therein the Order and Direction of the Commissioners of the Admiralty or the Lord High Admirall for the time being for apportioning the same to the respective Uses aforementioned

And it is hereby further Enacted That the Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy or any of them shall not Signe any Warrant or Navy Bill or doe any other Act or Thing for the Issueing and Paying any part of the said Summe of Ten hundred thousand pounds soe appropriated by this Act to any Use Intent or Purpose

whatsoever other then for the respective Uses for which the same is appropriated as aforesaid and to be soe

mentioned and expressed in such Warrant or Navy Bill

And it is further Enacted That if any of the Officers which are appointed by this Act to recieve the said Summe of Ten hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated or any part thereof shall after the Receipt of the said Money divert or misapply the same or any part thereof by Vertue of any Warrant from the Coiuissioners of the Treasury or from the Lord Treasurer or other superiour Officers for the time being contrary to the true intent of this Act That then such Officer or Officers soe diverting or misapplying the said Money shall forfeit the like Summe soe diverted or misapplyed Which said Forfeiture shall be Recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint

Office of Ordnance and other necessary Naval Services.

XXXVI.

Collector keeping Money in hand, or paying to Person other than Receiver General.

Penalty.

Recci%'er General or Deputy paying Monica paid to him to Persons other than the Exchequer, or paying by Warrant upon Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation, &c. to divert Payment into the Exchequer. Penalty.

XXXVII.

Treasury not to direct Warrant to Collectors, See. for Payment to Persons other than into Exchequer, nor to Officers of Exchequer for striking of Tally of Pro, &c.

Officer not to strike, &c. any such Tally, See.

XXXVIII.

Officers of Exchequer to keep Accounts of the said 1,000,000 distinct.

Regulations as to issuing such Money to Treasurer of the Navy.

XXXIX. Regulations for Treasurer of the Navy as to keeping and issuing the said Sum of £ 1,000,003.

XL.

And for Commissioners &c. of the Navy as to signing Navy Bills, &c. for issuing such Money.

XLI. Officers appointed to receive said £ i ,000,000, misapplying same

Penalty.

1 0. omits.

3 K

A.D. 16.90.

218

2° Gul. & Mar.

Scss.2. c. 1—3.

How applied.

XUI.

Officers of Exchequer or Navy misapplying the same Monies.

Penalty.

XLIII.

No Stay of Prosecution in Actions for Penalties.

XLIV. ££41*163 already taken up for Navy esteemed Part of said £. 1,000,000.

or Information in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster Wherein noe Essoigne Protertion or Wager of Law shall be allowed The one Moyety of which Forfeiture soe to be Recovered shall be to the Informer or him who shall sue for the same The other Moyety thereof to be distributed to the Poore of the Parish where such Offence shall be Committed

And bee it further Enarted That if any Officer or Officers mentioned in this Art or in any wise belonging to the Exchequer or Navy shall willingly and wilfully Offend against this Law or any Clause thereof by diverting or misapplying any part of the said Summe of Ten hundred thousand pounds appropriated as aforesaid contrary to the true Intent of the said Art That for any and every such Offence such Officer and Officers soe offending shall forfeit his Office and Place and is and are hereby Disabled and made Uncapable to hold or execute the said Office or any other Office whatsoever for the future.

Provided alsoe and bee it Enarted That noe stay of Prosecution upon any Command Warrant Motion or Order or Dirertion by Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be had made admitted recieved or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suite or Proceeding by Artion of Debt Bill Plaint or Information or otherwise for the recovery of all or any the Paines Penalties or Forfeitures upon any Person or Persons by this Art mflirted or therein mentioned or for or in order to the Convirtion or Disability of any person offending against this Art

Provided and it is hereby Declared and Enarted That the Summe of Forty one thousand one hundred and sixty pounds already taken up for the Service of the Navy be taken and esteemed as part of the Summe hereby Appropriated for the Use of the Navy.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 1.

The Powers of Lord High Admiral may be executed by Commissioners.

CHAPTER II.

An Act concerning the Comissioners of the Admiralty.

WHEREAS the Office of Lord High Admirall of England hath at sundry times and for severall yeares beene executed and all the Authorities to the same belonging exercised by diverse Commissioners for that purpose appointed by their Majestyes and the late Kings but of late some doubt hath risen whether certaine Authorities belonging to the said Office of Lord High Admirall did or doe of Right belong to and might may or ought to have beene or be exercised by such Comissioners for the time being Now for avoiding all such Doubts and Questions Bee it declared and enarted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That all and singular Authorities Jurisdictions and Powers which by any Art of Parliament or otherwise have beene and are lawfully vested setled and placed in the Lord High Admirall of England for the time being have alwayes appertained to and of right might have beene and may and shall be had enjoyed used exercised and executed by the Commissioners for executeing the Office of High Admirall of England for the time being according to their Commissions to all intents and purposes as if the said Comissioners were Lord High Admirall of England

II.

This Act gives no new Power.

[Provided That nothing in this Art contained shall extend or be taken or construed to extend to give or allow to the Lord High Admirall or to the Commissioners for executeing the Office of High Admirall any other Authority Jurisdiction or Power then the Lord High Admirall lawfully had or might have had used and exercised if this Art had not beene made

III.

Officers present at Trials under Commissions from Admiralty to take an Oath.

Provided alwayes and bee it enarted That upon all Tryalls of Offenders by Courts Martiall to be held by vertue of any Commission to be granted by the Lord High Admirall or the Commissioners for executing the Office of High Admirall every Officer present shall before any Proceeding to Tryall take an Oath before the Court [which Oath the Judge Advocate or his Deputy for the time being are hereby respectively authorized to administer) in these words following

The Oath.

YOU shall well and truely try and determine the Matter now before you betweene our Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queens Majestyes and the Prisoner to be tryed

Soe helpe you God.']

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 2.

The Reasons for passing this Act.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors dureing the space of one yeare.

WEE Your Majestyes most Dutyfull and Loyall Subjects the Commons in Parlyament Assembled haveing Entred into a Serious Consideration of the Extraordinary Expences in which Your Majesties are ingaged for the necessary Defence of Your Realities the perfert Reduceing of Ireland and the effectuall Carriing on the Warr against France and being desireous to Raise Aids and Supplyes proportionable to the greatnes of the Occasions Have towards the Ends and Purposes aforesaid found it expedient to Increase the Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors and have unanimously Given and Granted and doe hereby Give and Grant unto Your Majestyes the severall Additional! Rates Impositions Duties and Charges upon Beere Ale Cider and other Liquors herein after expressed and doe most humbly Beseech Your Majestyes that it may be Enarted And bee it enarted by the King and Queens

' annexed to the Original Art in separate Schedules.

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.3.

219

most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by Authoritie of the same That from and after the Seventeenth Day of November in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety there shall be throughout the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede Raised Levyed Collected and Paid unto Their Majesties and Their Successors durcing the Space and Terme of One Yeare commenceing from the Seventeenth Day of November aforesaid and noe longer for Beerc Ale Cyder and other Liquors herein after expressed by Way of Excise over and above all other Dutyes Charges and Impositions by any former Act or Acts Sett and Imposed the Duties Charges and Impositions herein after mentioned and in Manner and Forme following That is to say

For every Barrel 1 of Beere or Ale above Six shillings the Barrel 1 brewed by the Common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall Sell or Tapp out Beere or Ale publickly or privately or at Faires Wakes Chewts By-Drinkings or otherwise to be Paid by the Common Brewer or such other Person or Persons respectively and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties already payable for the same Three shillings and three pence

For every Barrel 1 of Beere or Ale of Six shillings the Barrell or under brewed by the Common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall Sell or Tapp out Beere or Ale publickly or privately to be Paid by the said Common Brewer or by such other Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duty already payable for the same Ninepence For every Barrell of Vinegar or Vinegar Beere brewed or made of any English Materialls by any Common Brewer or any other Person for Sale and now in the hands of any Vinegar maker unsold or not delivered to any Retailer thereof over and above the Dutyes of Excise now payable for the same Two shillings & sixpence And for every Barrell of Vinegar or Vinegar Beere from the said Seventeenth of November to be Brewed or Made of any English Materialls by any Common Brewer Vinegar-maker or other Persons for Sale to be Paid by the Maker thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties of Excise already payable for the same Two shillings sixpence

For every Barrell of Vinegar made here for Sale that hath run through Rape or made with or passing through any Forrein Materialls [or any mixture with Forreine Materialls'] now in the hands of any Vinegar-maker unsold or not delivered to any Retailer thereof Foure shillings

And for every Barrell of Vinegar or Liquor prepared for Vinegar from the said Seventeenth day of November to be made here for Sale passing or to passe through Rape or made with or passing through any Forreine Materialls or any mixture with Forreine Materialls to be Paid by the Maker thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity Foure shillings

For every Barrell of Beere Ale or Mum Imported from beyond the Seas or from the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be Paid by the Importers before Landing over and above the Dutyes already payable for the same Nine Shillings

For every Tun of Cyder or Perry Imported from beyond the Seas and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity to be paid by the Importer before Landing over and above the Dutyes already payable for the same Foure Pounds Ten shillings

For all Cyder and Perry Made and Sold by Retaile upon every Hogshead to be paid by the Retailer thereof over and above the Dutyes already payable for the same and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser Measure Three shillings and nine pence

For all Metheglin or Mead made for Sale whether by Retaile or otherwise to be paid by the Maker for every Gallon Foure pence

Additional Excise Duties on Beer, Ale, Cider, &c.

On Beer above 6s. the Barrel, 3s. 6J. per Barrel.

Beer 6s. and under, Qtl. per Barrel.

Vinegar and Vinegar Beer on hand, 2 s. 6d. per Barrel.

Vinegar and Vinegar Beer brewed after ! 7th of November,

28. 6d. per Barrel.

Vinegar of Foreign Materials on hand, 4s. per Barrel.

Vinegar of such Materials made after 17th Nov. 4s. per Barrel.

Beer, Ale, and Mum imported,

9s per Barrel.

O der and Perry imported, ^4. ics. per Tun paid before landing.

Cider and Perry sold by Retail,

3s. 9d. per Hogshead.

Mead, &c. for Sale, 4d. per Gallon.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the severall Rates and Duties of Excise hereby imposed on the Liquors aforesaid shall be Raised Levyed Collected Recovered and Paid unto Their Majesties and their Successors dureing the time before mentioned and in the same Manner and Forme and by such Rules Deductions Allowances Wayes and Means and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned expressed and directed in and by One Ad of Parlyament made in the Twelfth Yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles the Second Entituled A Grant of certaine Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for the Increase of His Majestyes Revenue dureing His life And one other A d made in the said Twelfth Yeare of the Raigne of the [said'] late King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knight Service and Purveyance and for Setleing a Revenue upon His Majestic in lieu thereof And alsoe in and by one other Act of Parlyament made in the Fifteeenth Yeare of His said late Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Additionall Act for the better Ordering and Colleding the Duty of Excise and preventing the Abuses therein, Or in one Act of Parliament made in the First Yeare of the Raigne of Their present Majesties Entituled An Act for an Additionall Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors Or by any Law now in force relateing to the Revenue of Excise

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Persons who doe or shall usually Entertaine or Lodge any Waggoners Carriers Strangers or Wayfairing Men shall be taken and esteemed Retailers within the meaning of this Act

And that Their Majestyes may not be prevented of the Duties hereby Granted by any Frauds or Practices to lessen the same Bee it further Enacted That noe Victualler or Retailer nor any other Person or Persons inhabiting in any Markctt Towne or in any City or Suburbs of the same or in any Towne Corporate or in Parts adjoyning to any City or

N.

The said Duties raised as by

12 Car. II. c.23.

12 Car. II. c.24.

15 Car. II. c.i 1.

1 W.& M. Sess. 1. c. 24. or any other Act.

III.

What Persons esteemed Retailers

IV.

Persons living in or near a Marke t Town where a common Brewer is

1 interlined on the Roll.

2° Cr u l . & M ak. Sess. 2. c. 3.

A.D. 1Gl90.

who in one Year hath not brewed the Beer drank in their Houses, brewing Beer to be drank in the House;

Penalty ^£*ioo.

V.

Commissioners, upon Information, may summon Witnesses.

Such Persons refusing to appear or to give Evidence.

Penalty not exceeding 40s.

VI. Penalties how recovered and disposed of.

VII.

Persons exporting Beer, &c. according to 1 W. & M.

Sess. 1. c. 22. entitled to certain Allowances.

VIII. Brewer, Jcc. carrying off his Guile of Beer, &c. without Notice to Officer.

Brewer refusing to declare to Officer how much Guile he intends to make into Strong Beer, Officer may charge the whole as Strong Beer. Brewer making Increase of Strong Drink after Gauge taken;

Penalty.

Brewer, &c. mixing, &c. Small Beer with Strong

Penalty 20s.

IX.

By whom Duty paid.

X.

Continuance of Act.

Suburbs Towne Corporate or Market Towne where there is or shall be a Common Brewer or Brewers brewing makeing or selling Strong Bcere or Ale and Small Beere who within the space of one Yeare to be accounted from the said Seventeenth Day of November have not or hath not brewed and made the Strong Beere Small Beere or Ale dranke consumed spent or sold in their respective Houses Outhouses or other Places [shall not'] dureing the Terme aforesaid brew or make any Strong Beere Strong Ale Small Beere or Ale to be drunke consumed or spent in their respective Houses or Families under paine to forfeit for every such Offence the Summe of One hundred pounds

And bee it further Enacted That it shall and may be lawful 1 to and for the Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the Peace respectively upon any Information Exhibited before them for any Offence committed against the Lawes of Excise to Summon any Person or Persons other then the Partie or Partyes Accused to appeare before them at a certaine day time and place to be inserted in such Summons and to give Evidence for discovery of the truth of the matter in Controversie before them And in case of neglect or refusall to appeare or if on appearance such Person or Persons shall refuse to give Evidence when he shall be thereunto Required Every such Person soe makeing Default shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence any Summe or Summes of Money not exceeding Forty shillings to be Imposed Recovered Levyed and Disposed in manner as herein after is mentioned

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Fines Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act Imposed shall be Sued for Recovered and Levyed by such Wayes Means and Methods as any other Fine Penaltie or Forfeiture is or may be Recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise or by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Their Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster And that one Moyety of such Forfeiture or Penaltie shall be to Their Majestyes Their Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to him or them that shall Discover Informe or Sue for the same

Provided alwayes and bee it Enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That upon any Person or Persons Exporting any sort of Strong Beere Strong Ale Cyder or Mum according to the true intent and meaning and pursuant to the Directions of an Act made in the First Yeare of Their Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for the Exportation of Beere Ale Cyder and Mum the Commissioners and Officers of Excise where the Entry thereof shall be made are required to make Allowance or Repay as well the Additionall Duty of Excise by this Act Imposed upon all such Beere Ale Cider and Mum as the Duty in the said Act mentioned unto the Brewer or Maker thereof within one Month after such Exportation deducting the Three pence per Tun for the Charges of Their Officers by the said before mentioned Act directed to be deduded

And to the end Their Majestyes may be duely Answered the Rates and Duties hereby granted and intended in the Proportions designed Bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Brewer or Victualler who

doth or shall Sell and Deliver Beere or Ale to any of their Customers in Caske doe or shall without giveing

Notice to the Supervisor or Gauger appointed for the Place and Division where such Brewrer or Victualler doth or shall inhabite Cleanse Carry off or Convey away any part of his or their Guile of Beere or Ale before the whole of such Guile shall be brewed off and be in the Tunns Backs or Coolers and untill such Officers shall or might have taken an Account of the same and of the distinct Qualities thereof in their respective Vessells At which time the Brewer or Victualler or his or their Servants working the same in case he or they intend to make a Partie Guile thereof shall declare to such Gauger or Officer how much thereof he intends to make into Strong Beere or Strong Ale and how much into Small upon Penalty of forfeiting Twenty shillings for every Barrell of Beere Ale or Worts he shall soe Cleanse Carry off or Convey awny over and above the Penalties already imposed for Conveying away or Concealing Beere or Ale And in case such Brewer or Victualler or their respective Servants brewing such Bcere or Ale shall refuse to declare to such Officers how much of their Guile or Brewing they intend to make into Strong Beere or Ale and how much into Small It shall be lawfull for such Officer to Returne and Charge the wrhole of such Guile to be Strong and such Brewer or Victualler shall pay the Duties thereof accordingly And in case after such Gauge taken or Declaration made such Brewer or Victualler shall make any Increase of the Strong Drinke soe Gauged or Declared by any Wayes or Means whatsoever such Increase shall be deemed and taken to be and proceed from mixing Small Beere with such Strong Beere or Ale and such Brewer or Victualler shall forfeit Twenty shillings for every Barrell soe Increased over and above the Penalties already Imposed for mixing Small Beere with Strong and soe proportionably And further That if any Brewer Victualler or Retailer shall out of the Brewhouse or Place of Brewing Start or Mix any Small Beere or Small

Worts with or amongst Strong Beere Strong Ale or Strong Worts in Caske such Brewer Victualler or Retailer

soe doeing shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence Twenty shillings

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That the Duty of Excise granted by this Act shall be Charged on and Paid by the Common Brewer and not by the Retailer or Spender save onely where the Retailer brews for Retailing in his owne House or Houses and doth not buy his Drinke of any Common Brewer Any thing in this or any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That this Act or any Clause or Provisoe therein contained shall not continue or be of Force longer then for the said Terme of One Yeare commenceing from the said Seventeenth Day of November One thousand six hundred and ninety other then for the Levying and Colleding the Arreares of the Rates and Dutyes Granted by this Act which shall be unpaid at the end of the said Terme and for the Levying such Fines Forfeitures and Penalties Imposed by vertue of this Act as shall not be Levyed and Paid before the end of the said Terme.

' interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 4.

221

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for granting to their Majesties certaine Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures and upon all wrought Silks and severall other Goods and Merchandize to be imported after the five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety.

Most Gracious [Soveraigne'] rpHE Commons assembled in Parlyament for a further Supply of your Majesties present Occasions in the necessary defence of your Realms the perfect reduceing of Ireland and the effectuall prosecution of the Warr against France have given and granted and hereby give and grant unto your Majestyes the additionall and other Rates Impositions Duties and Charges upon the severall sorts of Goods and Merchandize to be imported into this your Majestyes Kingdome herein after expressed dureing such time and in such manner and forme as herein after followeth And doe humbly pray your Majesties that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That there shall be answered and paid to their Majestyes and their Successors for the severall Goods and Merchandizes hereafter mentioned over and above all Impositions Dutyes and Charges already imposed and payable upon and for the same the further Rates and Duties following viz

For all Callicoes and all other Indian Linnen and for all wrought Silks and other Manufactures of India and China (except Indigo) imported after the five and twentyeih day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety and before the tenth day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five twenty pounds for every hundred pound Value thereof

For all Wrought Silks imported within the time aforesaid from any other place ten pounds for every hundred pound Value thereof

For all Raw Silks imported within the time aforesaid from China or from the East-Indies five pound for every hundred pound Value thereof

For all Linnen imported within the rime aforesaid from any parts from whence the same may [be1] by Law imported (other then Linen Cloath of the Manufacture of the Spanish Netherlands or of the United Provinces not exceeding an English Ell and halfe Quarter in breadth) one moyety over and above what is already imposed upon the same in the Booke of Rates

And for all Linen Cloath of the Manufacture of the Spanish Netherlands or of the United Provinces of the Breadth of two Ells or upwards and under three Ells as much more as [whatJ] the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates and of the Breadth of three Ells or upwards treble as much as what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates

And for all Deale Timber or other Timber Boards Wainscott Pipe-Staves BoxWood and other Wood imported within the time aforesaid from any part of Europe (except Ireland) ten pounds for every hundred pound value thereof above what is charged thereupon in the Booke of Rates

For every Tun of Hempseed Oyle Rape Oyle and other Seed Oyle imported after the five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety and before the tenth day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five eight pounds and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity of the respective Goods or Merchandize before mentioned

For every hundred Weight of Hopps containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported from forraigne parts after the said five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninty and before the tenth day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five twenty shillings over and above what the same are charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every hundred Weight of Pepper containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported after the said five and twentyeth day of December and before the said tenth day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five twenty eight shillings over and above what the same is charged with in the Book of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity one third part of the [said5] Duty charged upon Pepper to be paid downe and Bond to be given for payment of the residue at the end of twelve months or else to discompt after the Rate of ten pounds per C.entu on paying downe the whole Duty

For every hundred pound value of Grocery Ware and Druggs (other then Pepper and [Liquorise4] which are hereby particularly charged and alsoe except Currans Sugar Tobacco Mace Cinamon Nutmegs and Cloves) imported after the said five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety and before the tenth day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five ten pounds

And for every hundred pound value of Currans imported within the time aforesaid five pounds over and above what the same [is5] respectively charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For ever)' Tun of Iron Wrought or Unwrought or cast (except Bushell Iron) imported from any forreigne parts after the five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety and before the tenth day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five in any other Shipp or Vessell then such as are English built and whereof the Master and three fourths of the Marriners at [thee] least are English thirty three shillings And for every Tun of such Iron which shall be imported in such English built Shipp or Vessell soe navigated three and twenty shillings over and above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

1 Sovereigne O. • 0. omits. 9 interlined on the Roll. 4 Licoras 0. * are 0. " O. omits.

Rot. Parl.pt. 3. nu. 3.

Wrought Silks.

Raw Silks.

Linens of the Spanish Netherlands.

Timbers.

Hempseed, ice.

Hops.

Pepper.

Grocery.

Currants.

Iron imported in Foreign Ships.

Iron in English Ships.

3 L

222

A.D. 1690.

222 2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.4. A.D. 1690.

Iron Wire. And for all sorts of forreigne Iron Wyre (except Card Wyre and all sorts of Iron Wyre smaller then the sorts commonly called or knowne by the names of Fine fine and Superfine and all Wool Cards or any other

Duty paid by Importer. Wares made of Iron Wvre) to be imported betweene the five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety and the tenth day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five there shall be paid for every hundred weight containing one hundred and twelve pounds two and twenty shillings and six pence and alsoe the Duty mentioned in the Booke of Rates to be paid by the Importer and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity Which sorts of Iron Wire (except as aforesaid) it shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons whatsoever to import within the time aforesaid and noe longer any Law Statute or Usage to the

Steel Wire. contrary notwithstanding. And for all sorts of, Steele Wyre imported within the time aforesaid the Summe of Fourteene shillings for every hundred Weight containing as aforesaid over and above the Duty charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

Iron Pots, &c. And for every Iron Pott and Iron Ketle imported within the time aforesaid one shilling and three pence over

Backs forChimney s. Small. and above what is charged in the Booke of Rates For every small Backe for Chimneys imported within the time aforesaid one shilling and two pence over and above what is charged in the Booke of Rates

Large. For every large Backe for Chimneys imported within the time aforesaid two shillings and foure pence over and above what is charged in the Booke of Rates

Rod Iron. For every hundred Weight of Iron slitt or hammered into Rods commonly knowne by the Name of Rod Iron containing one hundred and twrelve pounds imported within the time aforesaid five shillings over and above what

Frying Pans. is charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for a greater or lesser quantity For every hundred Weight of Frying Pans containing as aforesaid imported within the time aforesaid foure shillings over and above w'hat is charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser

Steel. quantity For every hundred Weight of Steele containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time aforesaid five shillings and six pence over and above what is charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any

Anvils. greater or lesser quantity For every hundred Weight of Anvills wrought containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time aforesaid nine shillings and three pence over and above what is charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in

Single, White, and Black Plates. proportion for any greater or lesser quantity For every hundred of single white or blacke Plates imported within the time aforesaid foure shillings and foure pence over above what is charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser

Double ditto. quantity For every hundred of double white or blacke Plates imported within the time aforesaid eight shillings and eight pence over and above w'hat is charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser

Harness Plate. quantity For every Harnesse Plate or Iron double imported within the time aforesaid one shilling and foure pence over and above what is charged in the Booke of Rates

Hammered Iron. For every hundred Weight of Iron drawne or hammered lesse then three quarters of an Inch square and all other Iron Ware manufactured containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time aforesaid five shillings over and above what is charged in the Booke of Rates

Proviso for Iron Ware. Provided That noe Manufactured Iron or Iron Ware which by this Act is charged to pay by the piece or hundred Weight shall be lyable to pay the Duty of thirty three shillings or twenty three shillings by the Tun imposed by this Act

Brass Wire, &c. And for every hundred Weight of Brasse Lattin or Copper Wire containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time aforesaid fifteene shillings over and above what is charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

Hempsced, &c. For every Last of Hempseed Coleseed and Rapeseed imported after the said five and tw'entyeth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety and before the tenth day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five foure pounds above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates

Flax, &c. For all Yarne of Flax or Hempe other then Cable Yame imported after the said five and twentyeth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety and before the tenth day of November one thousand six hundred and ninety five an additionall Duty of as much as what is now charged thereupon in the Booke of Rates

Cable Yarn. For every hundred Weight of Cable Yame containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the

Glass. time aforesaid five shillings and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity of the said Seeds or Yarne For all Drinking Glasses and other Glasse and all Manufactures of Glasse (except Rhenish and Muscovia Window Glasse) imported within the time aforesaid three shillings for every twenty shillings Value thereof above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates

Molasses. For every hundred Weight of Molosses containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time aforesaid from any other place then the English Plantations in America eight shillings over and above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates

Tallow. For every hundred Weight of Tallow containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time

Tallow Candles. aforesaid five shillings and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity For every hundred Weight of Tallow Candles imported within the time aforesaid and containing one hundred and twelve pounds ten shillings and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 4.

223

For every pound of Bever-Wooll cutt and comb'd imported within the time aforesaid (except Wooll coinbd in Beaver Wool. Russia and imported from thence in English Shipps) fifteene shillings For every Barrell of Pott Ashes containing two hundred Weight Neat imported within the time aforesaid eight Pot Ashes, shillings above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe proportionably for any greater or lesser quantity

For every hundred Weight of Cordage ready wrought containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported Cordage, within the time aforesaid five shillings over and above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every Tun of Olive Oyle imported within the time aforesaid foure pounds above what the same is charged Olive Oil. with in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For all Paper imported within the time aforesaid the severall Duties following over and above what the same Paper, are respectively charged with in the Booke of Rates (that is to say) for every Ream of Royall Paper two shillings For every Ream of Blew Paper Demy Paper and Painted Paper one shilling and six pence For every Bundle of Browne Paper two pence and for all other Paper soe imported as much more as what the same is now charged with in the Booke of Rates

For every hundred Weight of Liquorise containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time Liquorice, aforesaid eighteene shillings and eight pence above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe proportionably for any greater or lesser quantity

And for every such hundred Weight of Liquorise Powder imported within the time aforesaid one pound Liquorice Powder, seventeene shillings and foure pence

And for every pound Weight of Juice of Liquorise imported within the time aforesaid one shilling and soe jujce ()f Liquorice, proportionably for any greater or lesser quantity

For every hundred Weight of Barilla or Saphora containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the Barilla, time aforesaid two shillings and six pence above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every hundred Weight of Sope imported within the time aforesaid containing one hundred and twelve Soap, pounds ten shillings over and above what is charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For all Earthen Ware not mentioned in the Booke of Rates imported within the time aforesaid two shillings and Earthen Ware, six pence for every twenty shillings value thereof

For every hundred Weight of Starch containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time Starch, aforesaid twenty shillings above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

For every hundred Weight of Allom containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time aforesaid Alum, two shillings and sixpence above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

For every hundred Weight of Brimstone containing one hundred and twelve pounds imported within the time Brimstone, aforesaid foure shillings and eight pence above what the same is charged with in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every hundred Weight of Tinn imported withinn the time aforesaid containing one hundred and twelve Tin. pounds thirty shillings over and above what [the same1 ] is charged in the Booke of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That where any Duties upon Goods and Merchandize herein before Vajuc Qf granted are to be levyed according to the Value of the same where such Goods or Merchandices are particularly subjedtoad rated in the Booke of Rates the Value shall be understood and taken according to such Rate and where they how^mlcd.^ are not particularly rated the Value shall be taken by and according to the Oath of the Importer and not otherwise The Duties imposed by this Act not to be reckoned into the Value of the same

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for all Additionall Duties hereby imposed upon the aforementioned Goods and Merchandize to be imported as aforesaid the Importer giveing Security at the Custome house shall have time not exceeding twelve Months where the same is not otherwise hereby Iiinitted) for the payment of the same from the Importation to be paid by foure equall and quarterly payments Or in case such Importer shall pay ready Money he shall have after the Rate of ten pounds per Centfi lor a yeare of the said Duty abated to him or her And if the Goods and Merchandize to be imported as aforesaid for which the Additionall Duty is paid or secured at the Importation thereof be againe exported within twelve Months after the Importation then the aforesaid Duties shall be wholly repaid or the Security vacated as to what shall be soe exported

III.

Twelve Months time for paying Custom, or Ten perCent. for prompt Payment.

Custom repaid, or Security vacated, upon Exportation.

Puovided neverthelessee and bee it enacted by the authorise aforesaid That the new or additionall Duties proviso f^.' Foreign

imposed by this Act shall not extend to affect such forreigne Stores as have beene sold to the use of their Store# already sold

Majestyes Navy by Contract with the Navy Board or Commissioners of the Victualling before the fifteenth day of to NaN> *ce‘

November one thousand six hundred and ninety soe as a Certificate be given from the Commissioners of the Certificate.

Navy or Victualling that such forreigne Stores have beene soe contracted for by them for their Majesties Service ^ importer

as aforesaid and soe as the Importer of the same doe make Oath before the Commissioners appointed to mannage of Truth of

Contract.

1 0. omits.

224

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 4.

A.D. 1690.

V.

Duties to be levied, as by

12 Car. IF. c. 4.

VI.

Clause of Credit at Eight per Cent.

VII. Register of Duties to be kept in the Exchequer.

Persons lending Money on Credit of Act to have Tally of Loan and Order for Repayment.

Orders paid in course.

Duties liable to Satisfaction of Loans.

Officers demanding Fee for keeping Books, &c.;

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer

Penalty.

By Deputy ; Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller offending;

Penalty.

VIII.

Pa; y'ment of any Tally of same Date not interpreted undue Preference.

Payment of subsequent Orders, in what Case not interpreted undue Preference.

the Customs (which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer) of the truth of the said Contract and that he will deliver the said Goods into their Majesties Stores pursuant to the Contract soe certified by the Commissioners of the Navy or Victualling

And bee it enacted That the severall Impositions and Duties above mentioned shall be raised levyed collected and paid unto their Majestyes and their Successors dureing the times aforementioned in the same manner and forme with such advantages and by such Rules Means and Wayes and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned and expressed in one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the

Second Entitled A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Mony payable

upon Merchandize Exported and Imported and the Rules and Orders thereunto annexed which said Act and every Article Rule and Clause therein contained shall stand and be in force for the purposes aforesaid dureing the continuance of this Act.

Provided alwayes and It is hereby Enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person and persons

to advance and lend unto their Majestyes upon the Security of this Act any Summe or Summes of Money and to

have and recieve for the Forbearance thereof any Sum not exceeding eight pounds by the hundred for one whole yeare and noe more directly or indirectly

And to the end that all Moneys which shall be lent unto their Majestyes upon the Credit of this Act may be well and sufficiently secured out of the Monyes ariseing and payable by this Act Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in their Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts one Booke or Register in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by vertue of this Act shall be entered and registred apart and distinct from all other Monyes paid or payable to their Majestyes upon any other Branch of their Majesties Revenue or upon any other account whatsoever And that all and every person and persons who shall lend any Money to their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment bearing the same date with his Tally in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for Forbearance after the Rate soe to be allowed for the same soe as such Interest doe not exceede the Rate of Eight pounds per Centu per Annu for his Consideration to be paid every three Months untill Repayment of his Principall and that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be registred in course according to the date of [[the'] Tally respectively without preference of one before another and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in the said Register Booke (*) as that the person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Order or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the Monyes to come in by vertue of this Act and he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course and that the Monyes to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective Parties their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another, and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever and that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of their Majestyes Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Books Registers Entryes View or Search in or for payment of Mony lent or the Interest as aforesaid by any of their Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputies on paine of payment of treble Damages to the Partie grieved by the Party offending with Costs of Suite Or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his Place alsoe and if any undue pference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the Partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the Value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Partie grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office And if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after incapeable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make payment according to each persons due Place and Order as aforedireded then he or they shall be judged to forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputyes or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loane or Orders for Payment as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred then it shall be interpreted noe undue preference which of those he enters first soe he enters them all the same day Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any Penalty in point of Payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells Record and the [Teller3] doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come to demand their Money and bring their Orders in their course soe as there be soe much Money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Banke for them

‘ 0. omits.

■ *0 O

' Tellers O.

225

2° G u l. & M a it. Sess. 2. c. 4, 5.

And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any Moneys IX.

shall! be due by vertue of this Act after Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsment of his Order may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Register aforesaid McmoriaHbereof for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge [accordinly *] make) shall intitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefitt thereof and payment thereon And such Assignee Assignee may may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such '* S,^n* person or persons who have or hath made such Assignments to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for the Continuance of severall former Acts therein mentioned for the laying severall Duties upon Wines Rot. Parl. pt. 3.

Vinegar and Tobacco. "M"*

Most Gracious [Soveraigne. *]

WEE your Majestyes most Dutyfull and Loyall Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled takeing into our serious Consideration the great and necessary Expences in which your Majesties are engaged for our Defence and Safety have chearfully and unanimously given and granted unto your Majestyes the Impositions and Duties hereafter mentioned for and dureing the Terme hereafter expressed And wee doe most humbly beseech your Majestyes that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the severall Impositions [and Duties 1 ] upon Wines and Vinegar granted by an Act made in the first yeare of the late King James intituled An Act for granting his Majestic an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported betweene the foure and twentyeth day of June one thousand six hundred eighty five and the foure and twentyeth day of June one thousand six hundred ninety and three shall be continued from the three and twentyeth day of June in the said yeare one thousand six hundred ninety three and shall be raised levyed collected answered and paid unto their Majestyes and their Successors unrill the foure and twentyeth day of June one thousand six hundred ninety six and noe longer And that the said Act and all Powers Provisions Penalties Articles and Clauses therein contained shall continue and be of full Force and Effect until the said foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety six [and shall be applyed pradised and executed for the raising levying collecting answering and paying the said Duties hereby continued according to the tenor and intent of this present Act • /

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Rates and Dutyes for all sorts of Tobacco granted by an Act made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the late King James Entituled An Act for granting to his Majestye an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported betweene the- foure and twentyeth day of June one thousand six hundred eighty five and the foure and twentyeth day of June one thousand six hundred ninety three shall be continued from the three and twentyeth day of June in the said yeare one thousand six hundred and ninety three and shall be raised levyed collected answered and paid unto their Majestyes and their Successors untill the foure and twentieth day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety six and noe longer And that the said last mentioned Act as for and concerning Tobacco onely and all Powers Provisions Penalties Articles and Clauses therein contained concerning the said Rates and Dutyes upon all sorts of Tobacco shall continue and be of full Force and Effect untill the said foure and twentyeth day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety six and shall be applyed pradised and executed for the raising levying collecting answering and paying the said Duties upon Tobacco hereby continued according to the tenour and intent of this present Act Provided neverthelesse That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed or taken to repeale or alter an Act made in the first yeare of their Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, or any part of the same

Reasons for the present Grant.

Duties upon Wines and Vinegar given 1 Jac.II. c. 3. given to their present Majesties, fire, till 24th June 1696.

II.

Duty upon Tobacco given by Jac. II. c. 4. continued till 1696.

The said Act, as to Tobacco only, continued until 24th June 1696.

This A A not to repeal or alter 1 W. & M. Scss. 1. c. 34.

III.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person and persons Credji fLoanat to advance and lend unto their Majestyes as well upon the Security of this Act as upon the Security of the said Eight per Cent, on two former Acts made in the Raigne of the late King James (from and after the Summe of six hundred thousand pounds mentioned in an Act made in the first yeare of their Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for appropriating c. 2^.

certaine Duties for paying the States Generali of the United Provinces their Charges for his Majestyes Expedition into this Kingdome and for other Uses shall be fully satisfied and paid to the said States Generali) any Summe or Summes of Money and to have and receive for the Forbearance thereof any Summe not exceeding Eight pounds by the Hundred for one whole yeare and noe more directly or indirectly

And to the end that all Moneys which shall be lent unto their Majestyes upon die Credit of this Act may be T

well and suffici ntly secured out of the Moneys ariseing and payable by this Act Bee it further enacted by the granted by Lenders, authoritie aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in their Majestyes Exchequer (that is to say) in

accordingly O.

Soveraignes 0.

interlined on the Roll.

•3M

A.D. 1690.

Gul.

& Mar.

Sess. 2. c. 5.

Entry of Monies distinct.

Tally, Order, &c. granted to Lenders.

Orders for Repayment to be registered, and paid in course.

No Fee, &c. for providing, &c. Hooks, nor for View or Search

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer

Penalty.

By Deputy;

Penalty.

Auditor, &c. offending

Penalty.

V.

Payment of any Tally of same Date not interpreted Preference.

Paying subsequent Orders, when first not demanded, how far not undue Preference.

VI. Order for Repayment assignable.

Memorial without Fee.

Assignee may assign.

vn.

Proviso for Wages due to the Servants of King Charles II.

the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts one Booke or Register in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by vertue of this Act shall be entred and registred apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majesties upon any other Branch of their Majesties Revenue or upon any other Account whatsoever And that all and every person and persons who shall lend any Money to their Majestyes upon the Credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment bearing the same date with his Tally in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for Forbearance after the Rate soe to be allowed for the

same soe as such Interest doe not exceede the rate of eight pounds per Centu per Annu for his Consideration to

be paid every three months untill Repayment of his Principall And that all Orders for Repayment of money shall

be registred in course according to the date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another

and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in the said Register Booke soe as that the person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Order or Orders first entered in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by vertue of this Act and he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe

successively and in course and that the Moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyable to the

satisfaction of the said respective parties their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one (') another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever and that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of their Majesties Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Books Registers Entryes View or Search in or for Payment of Money lent or the Interest as aforesaid by any of their Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputyes on paine of Payment of treble Damages to the partie grieved by the partie offending with Costs of Suite or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his Place alsoe And if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the partie grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office And if such preference be

unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or

Clerke only shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller

make Payment according to each persons due Place and Order as aforesaid Then he or they shall be judged

to forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputies or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallys of Loane or Orders for Payment as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred Then it shall be enterpreted noe undue preference which of those he enters firste soe he enters them all the same day Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any Penalty in point of Payment

if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of Persons

that come and demand their Money and bring their Order before other Persons that did not come to demand their Money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Banke for them.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any [Moneys2] shall be due by vertue of this Act after Order entered in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsment of his Order may assigne and transfer his Right Title Interest and Benefit of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefit thereof and payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignments to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof

Provided That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to defeat or obstruct the Provision made by the said Act in the first yeare of their Majesties Raigne for payment of Wages due to the Servants of the late King Charles the Second not exceeding in the whole the Summe of sixty thousand pounds in such manner as by the said Act is directed.

1 before O.

* Money O.

227

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.6.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for Punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majestyes Service and for punishing

false Musters.

WHEREAS the Raising or Keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdome in time of Peace unlesse it be with Consent of Parlyament is against Law And whereas it is Judged Necessary by Their Majestyes and this present Parlyament That dureing this time of Warr severall of the Forces which are now on Foot should be Continued and others Raised for the Safety of the Kingdome for the Common Defence of the Protestant Religion and for the Intire Reduceing of Ireland and for the Carrying on the Warr against France And whereas noe Man may be Forejudged of Life or Limb or Subjected to any kinde of Punishment by Martiall Law or in any other manner then by the Judgment of his Peeres and according to the knowne and Established Laws of this Realme Yet neverthelesse it being requisite for the retaining such Forces as are or shall be Raised dureing this Exigence of Affaires in their Duty That an Exact Discipline be observed and that Soldiers who shall Mutiny or Stirr up Sedition or shall Desert Their Majesties Service be brought to a more Exemplary and speedy Punishment then the usuall Forms of the Law will allow Bee it therefore Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament Assembled and by the Authorise of the same That from and after the Twentyeth day of December in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety every Person being in Their Majestyes Sendee in the Army and being Mustered and in Pay as an Officer or Soldier who shall at any time before the Twentyeth day of December in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one Excite Cause or Joyne in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Army or shall Desert Their Majesties Service in the Army shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court Martiall shall be Inflated Or being a Soldier actually listed in any Regiment Troope or Company shall list himselfe into any other Regiment Troope or Company without a Discharge produced in Writeing from the Captaine or [the1] Officer Commanding the Troope or Company in which he last Served as a Listed Souldier shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court Martiall shall be Inflicted

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That Their Majestyes or the Generali of Their Army for the time being may by vertue of this Act. have full Power and Authority to grant Commissions to any Lieutenant Generali or other Officers not under the degree of a Field Officer or Commander in Chiefe of a Garrison from time to time to Call and Assemble Court Martialls for punishing such Offences as aforesaid

And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared That noe Court Martiall which shall have Power to Inflict any Punishment by vertue of this Act for the Offences aforesaid shall consist of fewer then Thirteene whereof none to be under the degree of a Commission Officer And the President of such Court Martiall not to be under the degree of a Field Officer or the then Commander in Chiefe of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tryed

Provided alwayes That noe Field-Officer shall be tryed by any Officer under the degree of a Captaine And that such Court Martiall shall have Power and Authority to administer an Oath to any Witnesse in order to the Examination or Try all of the Offences aforesaid

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall Extend or be Construed to Exempt any Officer or Soldier whatsoever from the ordinary Processe of Law

Provided alwayes That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be any wayes construed to extend to concerne any the Militia Forces of this Kingdome

Provided alsoe That this Act shall continue and be in force untill the said Twentyeth day of December in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one and noe longer

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That in all Tryalls of Offenders by Courts Martiall to be held by vertue of this Act where the Offence may be punished by Death every Officer present at such Tryall before any Proceeding

be had thereupon shall take an Oath upon the Evangelists before the Court And the next Justice of the Peace

Judge Advocate or his Deputie or one of them are hereby Authorized to Administer the same in these words (That is to say)

YOU shall well and truely Try and Determine [according to your Evidence1] the Matter now before you betweene our Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queens Majestyes and the Prisoner to be Tryed

Soe helpe you God.

And noe Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such case by any Court Martiall unlesse Nine

of Thirteene Officers present shall concurr therein And if there be a greater number of Officers present then

the Judgement shall passe by the Concurrence of the greater part of then soe Swome which major part shall not be lesse then Nine and not otherwise And noe Proceedings Tryall or Sentence of Death shall be had or given against any Offender but betweene the Hours of Eight in the Morning and One in the Aftemoone

And for the preventing of Fraud and Deceit in Mustering of Soldiers Bee it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid That if any Person shall make or give or procure to be made or given any false or untrue Certificate whereby to Excuse any Soldiers for their Absence from any Muster or other Service which they ought to attend or perforate upon a pretence of Sicknes or other Cause That then every such Person soe makeing giveing or

Rot. Pari, pt. 3. nu. 5.

Standing Army, without Consent of Parliament, against Law.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Exciting or joining in Mutiny; Punishment.

Soldier enlisting in other Regiments without Discharge from his own; Punishment.

II.

Their Majesties or General of the Army may grant Commission for Courts-Martial.

III.

Number of Officer* to constitute Courts-Martial. President not to be under Degree of Field Officer.

IV.

How Field Officer tried.

Court-Martial may administer Oath.

V.

Proviso for Ordinary Process.

VI.

Proviso for Militia.

vn.

Continuance of Aa.

VIII.

On all Trials for Life or Death, Officers present to take Oath.

Form of Oath.

Number of Officer* to be present on Trial at which Sentence of Death pronounced.

Hours of such Proceedings.

IX. Making, &c. false Certificate to excuse Absence from Muster

s

interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 16.90.

Penalty.

X.

Officer making untrue Muster;

Punishment.

XL

Commissary or Muster Master to give Notice to Mayor, &c. of Muster, who is to be present

Penalty.

XII. Persons falsely mustered, or offering so to be

Punishment.

Lending Horse not belonging to Troop for Muster; Penalty.

XIII.

The said Penalty paid out of Arrear of Pay ; if no Arrear due, Goods of Officer seized; if no Goods, Imprisonment.

Informer, if a' Soldier, may be discharged.

XIV. Paymaster. &c.

withholding Pay

Penalty.

Informer, if a Soldier, may be discharged.

XV. Commanding Officer of Troop, &c. to bring in Certificate of Sick, &c.

False Certificate; Penalty.

XVI. Mustering Servants or Persons by

w rong Names;

Penalty.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 6.

procureing such Certificate shall forfeit for every such Offence the Summe of Fifty pounds and shall be forthwith Cashiered and Displaced from such his Office and shall be thereby utterly Disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Employment within this Kingdome or in their Majesties Service

And bee it [further1]] Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse and every Commissary Muster Master and other Officer that shall allow or Signe the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained or any Duplicate thereof upon Proofe thereof upon Oath made by two Witnesses before a Court Martial 1 to be thereupon called (which is hereby Authorized and Required to administer such Oath) shall for such their Offence be forthwith Cashiered and Displaced from such their Office and shall be thereby utterly Disabled to have or hold any Civill or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdome or in Their Majestyes Service and shall likewise forfeit the Summe of Fifty pounds

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Commissary or Muster-Master upon any Muster to be made had or taken by him or them shall by a convenient time before such Muster made give Notice to the Mayor or other Chiefe Magistrate or Officer of the Place where the Soldiers soe to be Mustered shall be Quartered who are hereby Required to be present at every' such Muster and give his utmost Assistance for the discovering any False or Untrue Muster there made or offered to be made And that every such Commissary or Muster Master makeing or takeing such Muster that shall neglect to give such Notice as aforesaid or shall refuse to take the Aide and Assistance of such Mayor Cheife Magistrate or Officer where the Soldiers soe to be Mustered shall be Quartered shall forfeit the Summe of Fifty pounds and be discharged from his Office And noe Muster Roll shall be allowed unlesse the same be Signed by such Mayor or other Chiefe Magistrate or Officer respectively.

And alsoe Bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person shall be falsly mustered or offer himselfe falsly and deceitfully to be mustered every such Person upon Proofe thereof made upon Oath by two Witnesses before the next Justice of Peace of the County where such Muster shall be made and every such Person soe falsly mustered or offering to be falsly mustered upon Certificate thereof in Writeing under the Hand of the Coniissary of the Musters or Chiefe Magistrate as aforesaid made to such Justice of the Peace the said Justice is thereupon and is hereby authorized and required to committ such Offender to the House of Correction there to remaine for the space of Ten dayes and to have his Eare cutt off by the Gaoler or Keeper of such House of Correction And if any Person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnish a Horse to be mustered which shall not truely belong to the Trooper or Troope soe' mustered the said Horse soe falsly mustered shall be

forfeited to the Informer if the same doth belong to the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse or otherwise

the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse shall forfeit the Summe of Twenty pounds upon Oath made by two Witnesses before the next Justice of the Peace.

And bee it alsoe further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Forfeiture shall be to such Person or Persons that shall Informe immediately to be paid out of the Arrears of such Officers Pay as shall knowingly

soe offend upon ConviCtton before the Court Martiail by Order of the said Court to the Paymaster if such

Officer soe offending shall have any Arreare and if there shall be noe Arreare the Court Martiail shall immediately give Order to Seize the Goods of such Officer soe offending and Sell them for payment of such Forfeiture to the Informer rendering the Overplus to the Owner [And it such Officer soc offending shall have noe Goods That then he shall be sent to the Common Gaole there to remaine without Baile or Maineprize for the space of Six Months1] And the said Court Martiail is hereby obliged to Discharge such Informer if a Soldier from any further Service if he shall demand the saint;

And bee it further Enacted That if any Paymaster Agent or Clerke of any Regiment Troope or Company shall wilfully detaine or withhold by the space of One Month the Pay of any Officer or Soldier (Cloathes and all other just Allowances being deducted) after such Pay shall be by him or them redeved or if any Officer haveing recieved their Souldiers Pay shall refuse to pay each respective Comon Soldier their respective Pay when it shall become due That upon proofe thereof before a Court Martiail as aforesaid every such Paymaster Agent Clerke and Officer soe offending shall be Discharged from his imployment and shall forfeit to the Informer upon Conviction before the said Court Martiail One hundred pounds to be raised as aforesaid [and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civill or Military Office or Imployment within this Kingdome or in Their Majestyes Service1] And the Informer if a Soldier if he demand it shall be and is hereby Discharged of any further Service Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And it is hereby Enacted and Declared That the Commanding Officer of every Troope or Company at the time of Muster shall bring in a Certificate Signed of the Names of such Persons as are Sicke or have Leave to be absent upon Fur lows and of such Persons as are Dead and Deserted since the last Muster with the Dayes of their Deaths or Desertions And if such Certificate shall prove false upon Conviction thereof before a Court Martiail the Officer Signing such Certificate shall suffer such Penalties and in such manner as is Declared and Inflicted by this Act upon those that make false Musters.

And it is hereby further Enabled That if any Officer shall Muster any Person that is a Servant or receives Wages from any Officer or that shall attend any Officer as a Servant in the absence of the said Officer from his Quarters or shall muster any Person by a wrong Name knowingly upon Conviction thereof before a Court Martiail the said Officer or Commissary shall suffer such Penalties and in such manner as is Inflicted and Declared by this Act upon those that shall make false Musters.

1 interlined on the Roll.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 16D0.

229

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 6.

And whereas by the Petition of Right in the Third Yeare of King Charles the First it is Enacted and Declared That the People of this Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the Sojourning of Souldiers against their Wills And by a Clause in one Ad of Parlyament made in the One and thirtyeth Yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second For Granting a Supply to His Majesde of Two hundred and six thousand foure hundred and sixty two pounds seventeene shillings and three pence for Paying and Disbanding the Forces It is Declared and Enacted That noc Officer Millitary or Civill nor any other Person whatsoever shall from thenceforth presume to Place Quarter or Billet any Souldier or Souldier- upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realme of any Degree Quality or Profession whatsoever without his Consent and that it shall and may be lawfull for any such Subject and Inhabitant to refuse to Sojourne or Quarter any Souldier or Souldiers notwithstanding any Command Order Warrant or Billeting whatsoever But forasmuch as at this present time there is a Rebellion in Ireland and a Warr against France whereby there is occasion for the Marching of many Regiments Troops and Companies in severall Parts of this Kingdome towards the Sea Coasts and otherwise Bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for and dureing the continuance of this Act and noe longer it shall and may be lawfull for the Constables Tythingmen Headburroughs and other Chiefe Officers and Magistrates of Cities Townes and Villages and other Places in the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and for noe others to Quarter and Billet the Officers and Soldiers in Their Majesdes Service in Inns Livery Stables Alehouses Victuallinghouses and all Houses selling Brandy Strong Waters Cyder or Metheglin by Retaile to be Drunke in their Houses and noe other and in noe Private Houses whatsoever Nor shall any more Billets at any time be Ordered then there are effective Soldiers present to be Quartered And if any Constable Tythingman or such like Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid shall presume to Quarter or Billet any such Officer or Soldier in any Private House without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier in such Case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustaine thereby And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to Quarter Soldiers otherwise then is limitted and allowed by this Act or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Maiors Constable or other Civill Officer before mentioned tending to deterr or discourage any of them from performing any part of their Duty hereby required or appointed such Military Officer shall for every such Offence being thereof Convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace next adjoyning by the Oath of two credible Witnesses and the said Justices Certificate thereof to the Judge Advocate who is hereby obliged to certifie the same to the next Court Martial 1 upon such Certificate be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered

Provided neverthelesse and it is hereby Enabled That the Officers and Soldiers soe Quartered and Billeted as aforesaid shall pay such reasonable Prices as shall be appointed from time to time by the Justices of the Peace in their Quarter Sessions of each County City or Division or Place within their respective Jurisdictions And the Justices of the Peace aforesaid are hereby Impowered and Required to Sett and Appoint in their Quarter Sessions aforesaid such reasonable Rates for all necessary Provisions for such Officers and Soldiers for one or more Nights in their Marching through their Cityes Townes Villages and other Places and for the first Night onely in such Places as shall be appointed for their Residence or Quarters

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That if any Officer or Soldier shall take any Money of any Person for Excuseing the Quartering of Officers or Soldiers or any of them in any House allowed by this Act every such Officer or Soldier shall be Cashiered and made incapable of Serving in any Military Employment whatsoever

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the One and Thirtyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety noe Pay Master of the Army Secretary of Warr Commissary or Muster Master or their Under Officers shall recieve any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Their Majestyes Army or from their Agents which shall grow due from and after the said One and thirtieth day of December other then the usuall Deductions for Cloathing and the Twelve pence in the Pound to be disposed as Their Majestyes shall thinke fitt and the One Dayes Pay in the Yeare for the Use of the Royall Hospitall at Chelsey

And bee it further Enacted That this Act shall be Read at the Head of every respective Regiment Troope or Company at every respective Muster by the Coihissary or Muster Master before such Muster shall be made that noe Soldier may ptend ignorance

And that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duly Paid and Satisfied and Their Majesties Dutyes of Excise the better answered Bee it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the Twentyeth day of December which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety every Officer or Officers to whome it belongs to recieve or that does actually recieve the Pay or Subsistance Money either for a whole Regiment or particular Troops or Companies or otherwise shall immediately upon each Receipt of every particular Summe which shall from time to time be Paid Returned or Come to his or their Hands on account of Pay or Subsistance give publicke Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns or other Places where Officers and Soldiers are quartered by vertue of this Act and shall alsoe appoint the said Inn keepers and others to repaire to their Quarters at such times as they shall appoint for the distribution and payment of the said Pay or Subsistance Money to the Officers and Soldiers which shall be within Foure dayes at farthest after the receipt of the same as aforesaid And the said In keepers and others shall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accompts or Debts (if any shall be) betweene them and the Officers and Souldiers soe quartered in their respective Houses Which Accompts the said Officer or Officers are hereby

3N

XVIL. Recital of Petition

of Right.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Constables, &c. may quarter Soldiers in Inns, &c.

hut not in private Houses.

Actions at Law in such Case.

Military Officers deterring Mayors, &c. from performing their Duty,

cashiered.

XVIII.

Officers, &c. Quartered to pay reasonable Prices, to be set at Quarter

Sessions.

XIX. Officers, &c. taking Money to excuse Quartering; Punishment.

XX. Paymasters, &c. not to take Fees, or make Deductions other than usual.

XXI. Act to be publicly read.

XXII. Officers receiving Pay or Subsistence Money for a Regiment to give Notice thereof to Innkeepers, See.

Innkeepers to attend and inform such Officers of Accounts and Debts owing to them by Soldiers, Sec,

230

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 6, 7.

Proviso respecting the Extent of suen Accounts.

Such Officers not giving Notice.

Paymaster upon Certificate to pay such Debts out of Arrears of Pay due to such Officer ; Penalty.

If no Arrears, then out of next Pay or Subsistence Money.

Officer not giving Notice cashiered.

XXIII.

If Subsistence not paid to Officers or Soldiers, or cannot be remitted, Certificate transmitted to Paymaster who is immediately to make Payment thereof.

Penalty.

XXIV. Muster in Westminster and Southwark to be in Presence of Justices. Penalty.

XXV.

Act how far extended to Jersey and Guernsey.

required to accept of and imediately pay the same before any part of the said Pay or Subsistance be distributed either to the Officers or Soldiers Provided the said Accompts exceede not for a Commission Officer of Horse being under the degree of a Captaine for such Officers Dyet and Small Beere and Hay and Straw for his Horse per Die Two shillings Nor for one Commission Officer of Dragoons being under the degree of a Captaine for such Officers Dyet and Small Beere and Hay and Straw for his Horse per Diem One shilling six pence Nor for one Commission Officer of Foote under the degree of a Captaine for such Officers Diet and Small Beere per Die One shilling And if such Officer shall have Horse or Horses for each such Horse or Horses per Die Six pence Nor for one Light Horsemans Dyet and Small Beere and Hay and Straw for his Horse per Die [One Shilling Nor for one Dragoons Diet and Small Beere and Hay and Straw for his Horse per Die'] Nine pence Nor for one Foote Soldiers Diet and Small Beere per Die Foure pence And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not give Notice as aforesaid and shall not immediately upon the produceing such Accompts stated Satisfie Content and Pay the same upon Complaint and Oath thereof made by any Two Credible Witnesses at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters were (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby Required and Authorized to Administer) the Pay Master or Pay Masters of Their Majestyes Forces are hereby Required and Authorized upon Certificate of the said Justices (before whome such Oath was made) of the Summes due upon such Accompts and the Persons to whome the same is oweing to Satisfie and Pay the said Summes out of the Arreares due to the said Officer or Officers [upon Penaltie that such Paymaster or Paymasters shall forfeit and lose their respective Place or Places as Pay-Master or Pay Masters and be disabled from holding the same for the future1] And in case there shall be noe Arreare due to the said Officer or Officers Then the said Paymaster or Paymasters are hereby Required and Authorized to dedud the Sums he or they shall pay pursuant to the Certificate of the said Justices out of the next Pay or Subsistence Money of the Regiment to which such Officer or Officers shall belong And such Officer or Officers shall for such their Offence or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or Subsistance Money as aforesaid be deemed and taken and are hereby declared ipso fado Cashiered

And where it shall happen that the Subsistance due to any Officer or Soldier shall by reason of any Accident not be Paid to such Officer or Soldier or such Officer or Soldier shall neglect to Pay the same soe that the Quarters cannot be or are not paid as this Act Directs And where any Horse Foote or Dragoons shall be upon their March soe that noe Subsistance can at present be remitted unto them to make Payment as this Act Directs or they shall neglect to Pay the same In every such Case it is hereby (J) Enacted That every such Officer shall before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters where such Regiment Troope or Company shall remaine for any time whatsoever make up the Accompt as this Act Directs with every Person with whome such Regiment Troope or Company hath Quartered before he leave that Quarter and give the said Certificate by him Signed to the Partie to whome such Money is due with the Name of such Regiment Troope or Company to which he or they shall belong to the end the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the PayMaster or Paymasters of His Majestyes Army who is or are hereby Required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whome such Money shall be due to the end the same may be applyed to such Regiment Troope or Company respectively under Paine as is before in this Act directed for Nonpayment of Quarters

And bee it further Enacted That noe Commissary shall muster any Forces within the City of Westminster and Burrough of Southwarke and Liberties thereof but in the presence of Two Justices of the Peace not being Officers in the Army under the forementioned Penalty

[And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this Act shall be Construed to extend to the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey as to the Clauses therein for Mustering and Paying and the Penalties thereunto belonging.* ]

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 6.

16 & 17 Car. II. c. 2.

Revived for Seven Years.

II.

12 Car. II. c. 18.

$6.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for Reviveing a former Act for Regulating the Measures and Prices of Coales

WHEREAS an Act was made in the sixteenth and seventeenth yeares of the Raigne of the late King Charles the Second F.ntituled An Act for Regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals which Ad was to continue for three yeares thence next following and thenceforth to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer and is expired And whereas the said Act was found to be very usefull and beneficiall to this Kingdome Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the said Act and every Clause Article and Branch therein contained shall be and is and are hereby revived and continued in full force strength and vertue to all intents and purposes whatsoever and shall soe stand and continue from the first day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety for the space of seven yeares and from thence to the end of the first Session of Parlyament then next following and noe longer

[And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for [the'] Encourageing and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation It is among other things provided That noe Goods or Merchandices shall be loaden [and4] carryed from one part of England to another in any Shipp or Vessell whatsoever whereof three fourths of the Mariners at least shall not be English under the Penaltie of forfeiting all such Goods as shall be loaden or carryed in any such Shipp or Vessell together with the Shipp or Vessell

1 interlined on the Roll.

annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

s further O.

4 or 0.

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss.2. c.T, 8.

231

and all her Guns Ammunition Tackle Furniture and Apparell Now forasmuch as the High price of Coalcs arises chiefly from the want of Seamen to supply that Navigation while soe many are imployed in their Majesties Service Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That soe much onely of this last mentioned Act as concerns the number and proportion of forreigne Seamen thereby limitted to saile in English Shipps shall be dispenced with and is hereby thus farr dispenced with soe as it shall and may be lawfull for the Owner or Owners of any Shipp or Vessell English built and belonging to the Subjects of England whereof the Master is an Englishmen tradeing with Coals to and from Newcastle or the parts adjacent or any part of Wales to the Port of London or [to1] any other part of England to navigate the said Shipp or Vessell with as many Forreigne Seamen as the said Master or Owners shall thinke fitt dureing the present Warr with France and noe longer any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.*]

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act for Paveing and Cleansing the Streets in the Cityes of London and Westminster and Suburbs and Liberties thereof and Out-Parishes in the County of Midlesex and in the Burrough of Southwarke and other places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey and for Regulating the Markets therein mentioned.

WHEREAS an Act was made at a Parlyament held at Westminster in the thirteenth and fourteenth yeares of the Raigne of his late Majesty King Charles the Second for the repairing the Highwayes and Sewers and for paveing and keeping cleane the Streets in and about the Cities of London and Westminster wherein (amongst other things) many necessary and wholsome provisions were made for the cleansing and paveing the said Streets and other Parishes and Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality which said Act being since expired many persons in the Out-Parishes in Midlesex and other Parishes in the Limitts aforesaid which have beene chosen to serve the Office of Scavenger refuse to take the Execution of the said Office upon them and others who have beene rated and assessed towards the cleansing and carrying away the Dirt and Soile out of the Streets have refused to pay the Rates assessed upon them there being noe Law in force to compell them thereunto soe that noe person can be imployed to be Raker to carry the Dirt out of the said Streets for want of some provision for payment for doeing that Service and the poorer sort of People dayly throw into the said Streets all the Dirt Filth and Coale-Ashes made in their Houses By reason whereof the said Streets are become extreamly dirty and filthy soe that their Majestyes Subjects cannot conveniently passe through the same about their lawfull Occasions and many other Inconveniences dayly arise for want of the like provisions in other Cases relateing to the Street Pavements and Common Wayes May it therefore please your most excellent Majestyes That it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the fifteenth day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety all and every person and persons inhabiting in the said Parishes in Midlesex and Westminster and the Liberties thereof and in the Burrough of Southwarke or in any of the said Streets Lanes or Alleys comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and the Towne of Kensington [shall twice in every Weeke'] (that is to say on every Wednesday and Saturday at the least sweepe and cleanse or cause to be swept and cleansed all the Streets Lanes Alleys and publique places before their respective Houses Buildings and Walls and the Buildings and Walls of Churches and other publicke places to the end the Dirt and Soile in the said Streets may be ready for the Scavenger Baker or other Officer appointed for that purpose to carry away upon paine to forfeit three shillings and foure pence for every Offence or Neglect respectively And that noe person or persons whatsoever shall throw cast or lay or cause permitt or suffer to be thrown cast or laid any Sea-Coal Ashes Dust Dirt Rubbish Dung or other Filth or Annoyance in any open Streete Lane or Alley within the said City or places aforesaid before his her or their owne Dwellinghouses Stables Buildings or Walls or the Buildings and Walls of Churches Church Yards and other publique places on the Penalty of five shillings And noe person or persons shall lay any Ashes Dirt or Soile before the Houses Buildings or Walls of any person or persons Inhabitants of the City Parishes or Places aforesaid or before or against any Church Church Yard Wall or any of their Majestyes Buildings Pallaces or Places whatsoever Or shall cast lay or throw or cause to be cast laid or throwne into any Common or Publique Sincke Vault Watercourse or Comon Sewer or Highway within any of the Parishes or Places aforesaid or any other private Vault or Sinck of any of the Inhabitants aforesaid any Ashes Dirt Filth Ordure or any other noysome thing whatsoever but shall keepe or cause the same to be kept in their respective Houses Yards or Backsides or the Yards or Backsides of Churches and other Publicke Buildings untill such time as the Raker Scavenger or other Officer thereto appointed of the said Ward Parish Streete or Place where they dwell or such Churches or Buildings as doe come by or neere their Houses Doores or Places with his Cart Barrow or other thing or things used for the cleansing the Streets and carrying away thereof and then shall carry or cause to be carried the said Ashes Dirt Dung or other such Filth or Annoyance aforesaid out of their Houses Yards and Backsides and deliver it unto the Raker Scavenger or other Officer or otherwise to putt the same into his Cart Barrow or other thing as aforesaid upon paine to forfeit the Summe of twenty shillings for every such Offence

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the respective Churchwardens and the Housekeepers and other Keepers of Whitehall Somersett House Saint James House and Saint James's Parke and the Guard-houses and Stables neare it and other their Majestyes Houses and the Ushers Porters or Keepers of Courts of Justice and

Coal Ships may be navigated by Foreign Seamen during the present War.

Rot. Parl. ft. 3. »• 7.

Recital that 13 & 14 Car. II.

c. 2. is expired.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Inhabitants in Middlesex, Borough of Southwark, &c. shall sweep the Streets twice a Week.

Penalty 3 s. 4d.

Casting Ashes, ike. into the Street;

Penalty 5s.

But shall keep the Ashes, &c. until the Scavenger arrives;

Penalty 20s.

II.

Churchwardens,&c. liable to the Penalties for such Offences before

interlined on the Roll.

4 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

232

A.D. 1690.

Churches and other Public Buildings.

III.

Hooping Barrels, ice. placing rough Timber, &c. to be sawn;

Penalty aos.

IV.

Scavengers to carry away all Dirt, &c.;

to have a Bell, See.;

Penalty 40s.

V.

Paved Streets, See. to be kept in Repair;

Mode in which same to be done.

VI.

Justice of Peace may order new Streets, See. to be paved.

Certificate to Quarter Sessions.

Inhabitants, Sic. thereupon to pave in front, Sec.

Penalty 40s. per Perch per Week.

Ancient Streeti paved as formerly.

VII. Charges of cleansing, &c. Streets, how raised.

2° Gul. k Mar. Sess. 2. c. 8.

and all other Publique or other Houses [or1] Places respectively shall be lyable to and suffer the like Penalties Forfeitures and Punishments for every the before-mentioned Offences or Negleds done committed or suffered to be done before any Church or Church Yard or before any of their Majestyes Houses Buildings or Walls or before any Houses Buildings or Walls or before any Publicke Buildings Houses or Places whatsoever

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said fifteenth day of December noe person or persons shall hoope wash or cleanse any Pipes Barrells or other Casks or Vessells in any [ofs] the Streets Lanes or open Passages aforesaid nor shall sett out any Dung Soile Rubbish or empty Coaches to make or mend or rough Timber or Stones to be sawne or wrought in the Streets on the Penalty of twenty shillings for every Offence.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Rakers Scavengers or other Officers therunto appointed every day in the Weeke except Sundayes and other Holy dayes shall bring or cause to brought Carts Dung-Potts and other fitting Carriages into all their respective Parishes Limitts Precincts Streets Charges and Divisions where such Carts and Carriages can passe and at or before their approach by a Bell Horne or Clapper or otherwise shall make distinct and loud Noise and give notice to the Inhabitants thereof of their comeing and make the like Noise and give the like Notice in every Court Alley or Place unto which the said Carts cannot passe and abide and stay there a convenient time in such sort that all persons concerned may bring forth their respective Dust Dirt Ashes Filth and Soyle to the respective Carts and Carriages soe staying as aforesaid all which the said Rakers Scavengers or other Officers aforesaid shall dayly carry or cause to be carryed away upon paine to forfeite forty shillings for every such Offence or Neglect respectively

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all open Streets Lanes and Alleys which now are paved within any of the Parishes or places aforesaid shall be from time to time repaired amended and paved at the Costs and Charges of the Householders Inhabitants in any such Streets and Lancs respectively and where any Houses shall be empty and unoccupied in any such Streets and Lanes then to be paved and repaired at the Charge of the Owners or Proprietors thereof in manner following (that is to say) Every of the said Housholders Owners or Proprietors of Houses to repaire pave and keepe repaired amended and paved the Streets Lanes or Alleys before his House Stables or Outhouses soe farr as his Houseing Walls or Buildings extend unto the Denter Stone Channell or midle of the same Streete Lane or Alley upon paine to forfeit twenty shillings for

every Perch or Rodd and after that Rate for a greater or lesser quantity for every default and of twenty shillings

a Weeke for every Weeke after untill the same shall be sufficiently paved and amended

And whereas there are in the Parishes aforesaid many new Streets and Wayes made which are fitt and convenient to be paved with Stones but for want of good Order therein are almost unpassable to Passengers Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawful! for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Place or Division where any new Streets or Wayes are or shall be made from time to time to view and insped the same and if upon such View they shall judge them fitt to be paved or otherwise amended to certifie the same under their Hands to the Justices of the Peace at the next respective Generali Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Place where such Streets or Wayes are or shall be made who are hereby respectively thereupon authorized and required to take such Order for the paveing or otherwise amending the same as they shall thinke fitt And all and every person and persons Owners and Inhabitants of all and every the Houses new

built or hereafter to be built or adjoyning to any new Streets or Wayes adjudged to be paved or amended shall

and are hereby required according to their severall and respective Interests therein by Order of such Justices at their Session and by a time in such Order limitted pave with Stone or Gravell or otherwise amend all the

Ground that doth or shall lye in Front before every Dwellinghouse or other Buildings in such Streets and Wayes

extended to the midle of the Way that doth or shall lye before the same And every person offending herein or that shall not from rime to time repaire and amend his or her proportion of the Pavements in such Streets and Ways where they shall be paved shall forfeit forty shillings for every such Offence or Default for every Perch and after that Rate for a greater or lesser quantity and the like Sufiie for every Weeke till the same be paved or amended and repaired and when paved or amended the like Summe as those that shall not pave and repaire open Streets Lanes and Allyes now paved by vertue of this Act Provided alwayes That such andent Streets Lanes and Alleys within the said places or any of them as by Custome and Usage have beene repaired and

paved by any other Order or in any other Manner shall be hereafter repaired paved and maintained in such sort

and manner and by such person and persons as have heretofore used to repaire pave and maintaine the same under the Penalries aforesaid any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the better raising and levying of Monyes to defray the Charges and pay the Wages of the said Scavengers Rakers and other Officers imployed in cleansing of the Streets and other Places aforesaid and carrying away the said Ashes Dirt Filth and Soile Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That within the Parishes of Saint Anne and Saint James within the Liberty of Westminster the Scavengers Rakers and such like Officers shall be chosen as by the said respective Acts is directed and appointed And the Rates Taxes and Assessments for Scavengers Rakers and such like Officers Wages for cleansing the Streets shall be rated taxed and assessed raised and paid by the Parishioners and Inhabitants of those respective Parishes according to the Custome and Usage of the said City where it is not otherwise in the said Acts provided and enacted And the Receivers of all such Moneys shall be accountable in such manner as they now are by the said Acts or otherwise by the Law in case there is noe Provision for the same thereby appointed And all new Messuages Tenements and Houses

and O.

9 O. omits.

A.D 1690.

233

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.8.

now or at any time hereafter built and erected within the Li mitts and Parishes aforesaid shall be likewise rated taxed and assessed and shall pay proportionable with others And in all other [Parishes and Places'] aforesaid upon every Munday or Tuesday in Easter Weeke the Constables Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore and Surveyours of the Highwayes of every of the said Parishes and Places respectively or the greater number of them giveing Notice unto or calling together such other ancient Inhabitants of their respective Parishes as according to the Custome of the said Parishes or Places are usually present at the Election of Parish Officers they or the greater number of them present shall make choice of and shall nominate and appoint two or more able persons that are Tradesmen of their Parish to be Scavengers for the Streets Lanes and Alleys and other open Passages of each Ward and Division within their said Parish for the yeare then next ensueing

and untill others be chosen and setled in their Places which persons soe chosen and being approved and confirmed under the Hand of any two Justices of the Peace within their respective Limitts and Jurisdictions shall within seven dayes after their Election and Confirmation and Notice thereof take that Office and Duty upon them upon paine to forfeit ten pounds for every Refuser respectively and in case of refusall by any

person or persons soe chosen and confirmed then other able persons shall be chosen and confirmed in manner aforesaid within seven dayes after such Refusall in the place of him or them which shall soe refuse And the person or persons soe chosen and confirmed and haveing Notice thereof shall undergoe the like paine of ten pounds in case of Refusall or not takeing upon him or them the said Office or Duty within seven dayes after he or they shall be chosen and confirmed and have Notice thereof as aforesaid The said Penalties to be paid to the Surveyors of the Highwayes of the place and disposed of and imployed by them for and towards the mending

and repairing of the Highwayes and Streets of the same Parish Ward or Division and to be levyed by Distresse

and Sale of the Goods and Chattells of the Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of any one Justice of Peace of any of the Places aforesaid to be directed to the Constables or other Officers of the same Parish or any two or more of them rendering the Overplus to the Partie (reasonable Charges for the Distresse onely to be deduced) And in default of Distresse or Nonpayment within six dayes after Demand thereof or Notice left in Writeing at the House or Dwelling place of the Offender by the said Constables or Officers respectively the said Offender to be committed to the Common Gaole of the said County City or Place respectively by the Warrant of

any such Justice under his Hand and Seale there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize untill Payment be thereof

made as aforesaid And soe in like manner for every person or persons neglecting or refuseing the same

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That within twrenty dayes after the Election and Confirmation of the said Scavengers as aforesaid the Constables Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore and Surveyours of the Highwayes of the Parishes and Places aforesaid respectively or the greater number of them giveing Notice unto or calling together such Inhabitants of their respective Parishes as aforesaid they or the greater number of them then present shall make and settle a Taxe Rate or Assessment according to a Pound Rate to be imposed or sett upon the Inhabitants of every respective Parish Ward or Division for the yeare following for the purposes aforesaid which being allowed and confirmed by any two of the Justices of the Peace of the Places

aforesaid respectively which they are hereby authorized and required as farr as the same shall be equall and

reasonable to allow shall be quarterly paid by every respective Inhabitant upon Demand made thereof by the Scavengers or Officers appointed to gather and collect the same And in case of a Refusall or Neglect shall by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace of the Division Parish or Place be levyed by Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goods and for want of Distresse by Imprisonment of the Offender (he not being a Peere of this Readme) untill Payment as aforesaid

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That such Sums of Money as shall be yearly assessed and collected in the said Parishes for cleansing the Streets shall be yearly accounted for by the Scavenger for the time being which collected the same to two or more of the next Justices of the Peace for the Place resideing in or neere to the respective Places for which such Scavengers were appointed within eight and twenty dayes aftet the Election of new Scavengers for the ensueing yeare And such Sunime or Summes as shall be remaining in their Hands shall be by them paid over to the next succeeding Scavengers elected for such Parish And any two such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid shall and may by vertue hereof committ to Prison every one of the said Scavengers which shall refuse to account there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize untill he [hath *] made a true Account and satisfied and paid soe much as upon the said Account shall be remaining in his Hands

Provided alwayes That the respective Scavengers and Rakers for any of the Parishes aforesaid shall have Liberty by the Approbation and Order of the Justices at their Petty Sessions or any two or more of them to

lodge their Dirt Dust Ashes or other Filth in such vacant and publique places in or neare the Streets or

Highwrayes as shall be thought convenient by the said Justices for the Accommodation of the Country Carts returning empty from the said Parishes they giveing Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such vacant places and in case of unreasonable demands such Justices in their Petty Sessions shall heare moderate and determine the same according to Equity and good Conscience And in case any person shall finde him her or themselves aggrieved with any Rate Tax or Assessment made by vertue of this Act or any wayes prejudiced by any determination of

the said Justices in their Petty Sessions he or they soe grieved or prejudiced shall and may have recourse in all

such Cases to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the Generali Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Place wherein the Matter of Grievance doth arise to sett forth his her or their Case by Petition or otherwise And the said Justices in such their Quarter Sessions are hereby impowred to heare and determine all Matters to them complained of concerning the same respectively and their Determination and Order therein shall be finall without any Appeale to any other Court whatsoever

Election of Scavengers.

Persons elected, and confirmed by Justices of Peace, refusing to serve

Penalty ,^io.

Other Persons chosen and refusing, the like Penalty.

Penalties paid to Surveyor of Highways. How levied.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

VIII.

Inhabitants may make a Pound Kate.

Nonpayment.

Distress. Imprisonment. Proviso for Peers. IX.

Scavengers must account for Monies paid,

and pay the Overplus to succeeding Scavengers. Refusing to account. Imprisonment.

X.

Where the Scavenger must lay his Dirt, 3cc.

Appeal from Rate, &c. to Quarter

Sessions,

Order therein final.

1 Places & Parishes 0.

* have 0.

234

d.I>.1690.

XI.

Assessment how made for the Highways.

To be levied by Distress.

Amount of Assessment in any one Year.

XII.

New' Sewers subject to the Commission of Sewers.

*3 H.8. c-5-

XIII.

Householders to set up Lights

from Dark till Twelve at Night. Penalty.

Unless Lamps used.

XIV.

The Weight of a Truss of Hay.

Penalty, is. 6d. per Truss.

XV.

At what Hours, 3cc. loaden Hay Carts to stand in the Haymarket, &c.

XVI. Offenders how to be convicted.

One Witness.

2° Gul. & Mar.

Sess. 2. c.8.

And whereas there are many Common Highwayes within the said Parishes which cannot be sufficiently amended repaired and supported by meanes of the Lawes now in force without the helpe of this present Act Bee it enacted That for the better amending and repairing the same one or more Assessment or Assessments upon all and every the Inhabitants Owners and Occupiers of Lands Houses Tenements and Hereditaments or any Personal 1 Estate usually ratable to the Poore within any of the said Parishes shall be from time to time made levyed collected and allowed by such person and persons as the said Justices at such their Generali Quarter Sessions shall direct and appoint in that behalfe and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for according to the Order and Direction of the said Justices for and towards the amending repairing and supporting such Highwayes from time to time as need shall require And the said Assessment shall be levyed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of every person soe assessed (not paying the same within fourteene dayes after demand) rendring the Overplus of the Value of the Goods soe distrained to the Owner and Owners thereof the necessary Charges of makeing and selling such Distresse being first deducted Provided alwayes That noe such Assessment or Assessments to be made in any one yeare shall exceede the Rate of foure pence in the pound of the yearly value of any Lands Houses Tenements and Hereditaments soe assessed nor the Rate of eight pence for every twenty pounds in Personall Estate.

And whereas many new Sewers Sincks and Vaults have beene made in the Parishes within the City and Liberty of Westminster and other the Parishes aforesaid by the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act which since the Expiration thereof are much neglected and noisome to the Inhabitants because of some doubt whether such new Sewers are within the Jurisdiction of the Laws of Sewers Bee it therefore enacted by the authorise aforesaid That all new Sewers at any time since the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of the said late King Charles the Second made in any of the said Parishes shall be henceforth subject to the Commission of Sewers and to the Laws and Statuts made for Sewers as fully to all intents and purposes as if such Sewers Sincks and Vaults had beene expressly mentioned in the said [Statute1] of Sewers to be under the Survey of the said Commissioners And the Commissioners of Sewers for the time being within the Limitts of their respective Commissions shall have power and authority by vertue of this Act to alter amend cleanse and scowre any such new Sew'ers Sincks and Vaults and to order and direct the makeing of any other new Vaults and Sewers and to cutt into any Draine or

Sewer already made and to alter or take away any Nusances in the same and to alter or take away any Crosse

Gutter or Channclls in all or any of the Streets and Lanes in the Parishes aforesaid

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Householder within any of the Parishes Places or Precincts in the Countyes of Midlesex and Surrey and City and Libertie of Westminster comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality whose House adjoyns unto or is neare the Streete from Michaelmas unto our Ladyday yearely shall every [night1] sett or hang out Candles or Lights in Lanthorns on the outside of the House next the Streete to enlighten the same for the convenienly of Passengers from time to time as it shall grow darke untill twelve of the Clocke in the Night upon paine to forfeit the Summe of two shillings for every default [(excepting

such person or persons as shall agree to make use of Lamps of any sort to be placed at such distances in the

Street as shall be approved of by two or more Justices of the Peace) *]

And whereas great Abuses and Deceits are committed by Carters and others who bring and sett Hay within the Cityes of London and Westminster and the Haymarkets and places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality the Loads and Trusses of such Hay being of lesse Weight then they ought and are pretended and declared to be betweene the Buyer and Seller thereof For remedy herein Bee it further enacted by the authority

aforesaid That every Trusse of old Hay brought or offered to be sold hereafter in any place within the Cities of

London and Westminster and all other places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality betweene the last day of August and first day of June shall containe and be the full Weight of six and fifty pounds at least and that every Trusse of Hay brought or offered to be sold within the Cityes or Places aforesaid betweene the first day of June and the last day of August in any yeare being new Hay of that Summers Growth shall be and containe the full Weight of sixty pounds and being old Hay of any former yeares Growth the Weight of six

and fifty pounds as aforesaid And if any Hay after the said fifteenth day of December shall be brought or

offered to be sold within the Cityes or places aforesaid whereof any Trusse shall be of lesse Weight then aforesaid the person or persons aforesaid soe bringing or offering such Hay to be sold shall forfeit for every such Trusse of Hay not being the full Weight aforesaid the Summe of eighteene pence

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said fifteenth day of December noe person or persons whatsoever shall permitt or suffer his or their Waggon Cart or Carr to stand or be in the place now called the Hay Market neere Pickadilly in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint James within the Liberty of Westminster or Burrough of Southwarke or any other place in the Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality loaden with Hay or Straw to sell the same from Michaelmas to Ladyday after two of the Clocke in the Afternoone and from Lady-day to Michaelmas after three of the Clocke in the Aftemoone on paine to forfeit for every Offence and Neglect five shillings respectively

And for the more speedy Reformation and Punishment of all and every the Offences aforesaid Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every Justice of the Peace within the Counties of Midlesex and Surrey and City and Liberties of Westminster and places aforesaid within their severall Limitts respectively shall have Power and Authority upon his owne Knowledge or View Confession of the Partie or Proofe of one credible

1 Statutes 0.

1 interlined on the Roll

annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1690.

235

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.8.

Witnesse upon Oath before him (which Oath the said Justice is hereby impowered to administer) to convict any person or persons of any the Offences aforesaid whereby such person or persons soe convict shall incurr the Pains Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid one moyety whereof shall bee disposed and employed for and towards the Reliefe of the Poore of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be comitted or done to be paid to the Overseers of the Poore of the same for that use and the other Moyety thereof for him or them that shall discover and prosecute the same in case the said Conviction be by Discovery and Prosecution And if the Conviction shall be by [the1] View or Knowledge of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace then one halfe of the Penalty shall be disposed of to the Reliefe of the Poore as aforesaid and the other Moyety if for a default of Payment to goe to and be imployed for and towards the repaireing paveing and cleanseing [of1] the said Streets or places to be paid to the Scavengers of the place and by them imployed for that use or otherwise to the Reliefe of the Poore as aforesaid And all the said Penalties shall be levyed by Distresse and Sale of the

Goods and Chattells of the Offender by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of any Justice of the Peace of the

place to be directed to the Constables and Headburroughs of the same Parish where the Offence was done rendering the Surplusage to the partie And in default of Distresse or not payment of the said Penalties within six dayes after demand thereof where it is not hereby otherwise provided or Notice in Writcing left at the House or Dwelling place of the Offender by the said Constable or Headburrough (the said Offender not being a Peere of this Realme) shall be committed to the Common Goale of the said Countyes or City respectively by the

Warrant of any such Justice under his Hand and Seale there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize untill

Payment

Penalties how disposed ; when Conviction on Prosecution

when on View of Justice.

Penalty how to be levied.

Default of Distress, Imprisonment.

Proviso for Peers.

And whereas the Wheeles of many Carts Catrs and Brewers Drays now commonly used for the Carriage of wheels of Carts Goods Beerc Ale and other things from place to place within the Cities of London and Westminster and Parishes Drays, &c. how aforesaid where the Streets are paved are made thinner or narrower in the Felleys then formerly and many are to ^madc‘ shod with Iron Tyres by means whereof the Pavements in the Streets of the said Cities and places are dayly

impaired and broaken up and made dirty and rough For prevention whereof for the time to come Bee it

therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the [said1] fifteenth day of December the Wheels of every Cart Carr or Dray to be used for the Carriage of any thing whatsoever from any place within the said Cities and places to any place scituate in the said Cities and places where the Streets are paved shall be made to containc the full breadth of six Inches in the Felley and shall not be wrought about with any Iron Worke whatsoever nor be drawne with above the number of two Horses after they are up the Hills from the Waterside And the Owners and Proprietors of any Cart Carr or Dray to be used as aforesaid the Wheels whereof shall not be made six Inches in the breadth or shall be shod with Iron or be drawne with above two Horses as

aforesaid shall forfeit the Summe of forty shillings for every time such Cart Carr or Dray shall be used as penalty 40s.

aforesaid for the Uses and to be levyed as aforesaid Provided neverthelesse That this shall not extend to any proviso for Country Cart or Waggon that shall bring any Goods to the Cities or places aforesaid or shall carry any Goods Country Carts, halfe a mile beyond the paved Streets of the said Cities and places

And for the better keeping and preserving the Streets and Sew'ers in and about the said Cities of London and Westminster and the Liberties thereof and the Burrough of Southwarke and other the Parishes aforesaid Bee it further enacted That noe person or persons whatsoever from and after the said fifteenth day of December shall breed feede or keepe any sort or manner of Swine within any part of the Houses or Backsides of the paved Streets of the said Cityes Burrough or Parishes where the Houses are contiguous upon paine of forfeiting the same to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of the Parish where such Swine shall be kept bred or fedd to the use of the Poore thereof And that it shall and may be lawrfull for all or any of the Churchwardens

Chappellwardens Overseers of the Poore Constables Beadles Headburroughs or Tythingmen of any of the Parishes

of the said Cityes and places respectively at all times hereafter in the day-time by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of the said Maior of London or any other of their Majestyes Justices of the Peace of the place respectively to search in all such places in their respective Parishes for the finding all such Swine and all that shall be soe found to seize take drive and carry away and the same to sell for the best price that can be had and the Money

thereby produced forthwith to deliver the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poore of the Parish where such

Swine shall be seized to be distributed to the Poore of the same in such manner and proportions as the said Churchwardens and Overseers respectively shall thinke fttt

XVIII.

Swine kept within London, &c. forfeited.

Churchwardens, See. on Warrant from Lord Mayor, &c. may search and seize and sell such Swine.

Produce to the Poor.

And for the better cleansing and keeping cleane the Streets Lanes and Passages within the City of London and Liberties thereof at all times hereafter Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the same shall be ordered and managed and Rates and Impositions laid and levyed and all other Waycs and Means therefore used and observed according to the antient Usage and Custome of the said City

XIX.

Proviso for Custom of London for cleansing, 5cc.

And for the better effecting the same and preventing the throwing out or laying any Ashes Soile Dust or Rubbish or other Nusance or Obstruction in any the Streets Lanes or Passages of the said City or Liberties thereof It is further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being and to and for any Alderman of the said City for the time being upon his owne proper knowledge or View in the open Generali Sessions to make Presentment for any such Offence committed done or suffered within the said City or Liberties thereof which Presentment shall be good and effectuall And the Lord Mayor and Justices of the same City shall immediately at the same Generali Sessions have Authority to assesse Fines for such Offences not exceeding twenty shillings for any one Ottence Which Fines soe to be assessed as aforesaid

XX.

Lord Mayor, &c. may present upon

View.

Fine upon the Presentment,

interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss.2. c.8, 9.

paid to Chamberlain of London.

XXI.

22, 23 Car. II.

c. 17.

Vexatious Prosecutions prevented.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

shall be levyed and paid unto the Chamberlainc of the City of London for the time being for the use of

the same City to be employed in the publicke Payments of the same City any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas there are many good Provisions made and ordained for the cleansing the Sewers and well paveing the Streets in London by one Act made in the two and twentyeth and three and twentyeth yeares of

King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the better Paveing and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and

about the City of London which have beene much obstructed by occasion of many frivolous and vexatious Actions commenced and prosecuted by evill disposed persons against Officers and others imployed in the Execution of the said Act Wherefore to prevent the like vexatious Prosecutions for the future Bee it further enacted 1'hat if any Action Suite Plaint or Information shall at any time alter the said fifteenth day of December be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance of or in Execution of the said last recited Act or this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may plead the Generali Issue and upon any Issue joyned may give the said respective Acts or either of them as the Case may require and the speciall matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him or her the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants

XX LI.

Proviso for paving. Way to St. John's Street.

QAnd it is hereby enacted and declared for avoiding any Doubt touching the Highway leading from the East side of Clerkenwell Greene to St. Johns Street That the said Way shall be paved according to the Direction of this Act.1 ]

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 8.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for the Encourageing the Distilling of Brandy and Spirits from Corne and for laying severall Dutyes on

Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction.

1 W. & M. Sess. 1. c. 34. recited.

Excise upon Spirits till 25 Dec. 1695.

The several Rates.

II.

Distillers to draw their Spirits from Corn without Molosses, &c.

Gaugers to sec and keep Accounts of the Spirits.

Mixing other Materials

Penalty.

III.

Distiller making or receiving other Materials

Penalty.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament held in the first yeare of their Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for Prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France all Brandies Aqua vite and Spirits are

prohibited to be imported into this Kingdome And whereas good and wholsome Brandies Aqua vite and Spirits

may be drawne and made from malted Corne For the Encouragment therefore of the makeing of Brandy Strong waters and Spirits from malted Corne and for the greater consumption of Corne and the advantage of Tillage in this Kingdome Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and

consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the

authoritie of the same That from and after the foure and twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred an^l ninety untill the five and twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five there shall be paid by way of Excise unto their Majestyes and their Successors for all Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction drawne by Distillers or other Makers of Spirits and Strong waters for Sale within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke

upon Tweede the Rates and Duties following (that is to say) For every Gallon of Low Wines of the first

Extraction made or drawne from any Forreigne or imported Materialls or any mixture with forreigne Materialls eight pence For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction made or drawne from Brewers Wash or Tilts or from any sort of English Materialls other then from Drinkc brewed and prepared from any sort of malted Corne or from Perry or Cider twelve pence For every Gallon of Low Wines of the first Extraction drawne or made onely from Drinke brewed and made of any sort of malted Corne one peny And for every Gallon of Low Wines of the first Extraction drawne or made from Cider or Perry or any Mixture therewith three pence

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Distillers and others who shall draw or make any Low Wines Spirits or Brandy [from Corne2] shall brew or cause their Come to be brewed and made into cleane and wholsome Drinke and from such Drinke soe made and prepared (without any mixture with any

Molosses Wash or 'Hits or other Materialls whatsoever) shall draw their Low Wines or Spirits of the first

Extraction and that it shall and may be lawful 1 for the Gager and Gagers of Excise from time to time to gage and keepe an Account of the Liquors Worts and Drinke made and drawne by such Distillers or others for the makeing such Low Wines Spirits or Brandies and to see that the same be drawne and made from Drinke made of malted Come entirely without any Mixture as aforesaid and in case any Distillers or others shall therewith mix any other Materialls either in the Brewing or after the same is made into Drinke and before the same be distilled into Low Wines The said Gagers shall charge the Low Wines drawne from the Drinke soe mixed with the Duty of twelve pence for every Gallon which said Duty shall be answered and paid to their Majestyes and their Successors

And bee it further enacted That noe Distillers or others drawing Low Wines or Spirits from Come prepared as aforesaid shall prepare any Wash from Molosses or other Materialls or recieve any Wash of Molosses or other Materialls from any other person whatsoever untill he has drawne off and distilled all the Liquors made or prepared from Come as aforesaid on paine of Forfeiture for every Barrel 1 of such Liquors made of Corne as aforesaid found undistilled or drawne into Low Wines the Suine of five pounds

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1690.

237

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss.2. c.9.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Gager or other Officer of Excise shall IV.

wittingly and willingly make a false Charge by returning to the Commissioners any quantity of Low Wines or Rcujrn ;S

Spirits of the first Extraction not made from malted Come as made and drawnc from malted Corne such Gager or Officer shall forfeit his Office or Employment and alsoe shall forfeit for every Gallon of Low Wines soe falsly Penalty, charged or returned the Summe of ten shillings

And for the further incouragement of Distillers and others to draw and make Spirits or Brandies from malted Corne brewed into Drinke as aforesaid and to export the same as Merchandize into parts beyond the Seas lice it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull [to1] or for any Distillers or others upon Oath made before any two or more of the Commissioners of F.xcize or Justices of the Peace for the County or place from whence any Brandy or Strong waters is or are intended to be exported that the same were or was made and drawne from Drinke brewed from malted Corne without any mixture with any other Materialls and that the same is not mixed with any Low Wines not drawne a second time nor with any other Spirits or Brandy made from any other Materialls either Native or Forraign and that the Duties of the same are duly entred or paid and that the same are exported for Merchandize to be spent beyond the Seas to export such Spirits or Brandies made from Corne prepared as aforesaid and upon a Certificate under the Hands of the Officer of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits or Brandies were shipt off of the quantity soe shipt and that the same was shipt in the presence of such Officers that such Distiller or others soe exporting shall be allowed or paid backe by the Comissioners or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits or Brandy shall be shipt off the Summe of three pence for every such Gallon of Brandy or Spirits soe shipt off

V.

Distiller and others, on Oath of certain Particulars, may export malted Spirits.

Allowance of 3d. per Gallon upon Exportation.

And bee it further enabled by the authoritie aforesaid That the Gager and Gagers of Excise shall from time ^ VI. to time gage and take account of all Wash and other Materialls prepared or prepareing for the makeing of Low DUtSk/witlT^ Wines and alsoe of all Low Wines Spirits or Strong waters found in the Houses Cellars or Warehouses or in Quantities missing, any Wash Back Caske or other Vessell or Vessells used by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits and in case he shall misse any quantity or quantityes of Liquor or Drinke brewed or made from Come or any Wash or other Materialls prepared for makeing of Low Wines which he found or gaged the last time such Gager was at such Distillers not exceeding twenty foure houres before and shall not on Demand recieve Satisfaction what is become of such Drinke or Wash or other such like Materialls That in every such Case it shall be lawfull for such Gager to charge such Distiller with soe much Low Wines as such Liquor Drinke Wash or other Materialls soe missing in his Judgment would reasonably have made

And to the intent that the Duties payable to their Majestyes for all Low Wines Spirits Aqua vite and Strong waters may be the better ascertained collected and levyed Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and

after the said foure and twentyeth day of December noe Distiller or Maker of Low Wines Spirits Aqua vite and

Strong waters shall distill or sett their Stills at worke for the drawing or makeing any the Liquors above mentioned or shall deliver or carry out any Low Wines Spirits or Aqua vite to any of their Customers in Caske or by

the Gallon without Notice thereof first given to the Officer of Excise for the Place or Division where such Distiller

or Maker shall live to the intent (*) such Officer may be present to see and gage the same unlesse at such times as herein after are mentioned (that is to say) from the nine and twentyeth day of September to the twenty fifth of March yearly betweene the houres of five of the Clocke in the Morning and eight of the Clocke in the

Evening and from the twenty fifth of March to the twenty ninth of September yearly betweene the houres of

three of the Clocke in the Morning and nine of the Clocke in the Evening upon Paine that every Distiller and Maker of the Liquors aforesaid doeing contrary hereunto shall for every such Offence forfeit the Summe of ten pounds.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the severall Rates and Duties of Excise hereby imposed on the Liquors aforesaid shall be raised levyed collected recovered and paid unto their Majestyes and their Successors dureing the time before mentioned and in the same manner and forme and by such Rules Wayes and

Meanes and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned expressed and directed in and by one Act of

Parlyament made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveryes and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance and for setling a Revenue upon his Majestie in lieu thereof And alsoe in and by one other Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth yeare of his said Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Additional 1 Act for the better ordering and collccting the Duties of Excise and Preventing the Abuses therein or in either of them or by any other Law now in force relateing to the Revenue of Excise

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Fines Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be sued for recovered and levyed by such wayes means and methods as any Fine Penaltie or Forfeiture is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise or by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster and that one moyety of such fine Penaltie or Forfeiture shall be to their Majestyes and their Successors and the other moyety to him or them that shall discover informe or sue for the same

vn.

Distiller to give Notice to Gauger of time of distilling and delivering Spirits, except at certain times mentioned.

Penalty £ic.

VIII.

Duties collected as by

12 Car. II. c. 24.

15 Car. II. c. 11. or any other Act in force.

IX.

Penalties of this Act how recoverable.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to or for any person or persons dureing the continuance of this Act to make draw or distill for Sale or to be retailed any Low Wines or Spirits from Drinke brewed from malted Come onely paying the Duties and being subject to all Fines and Penalties as other Distillers are any Law Charter or other thing to the contrary notwithstanding

J interlined on the Roll.

X.

Any Perron may distil, paying the Duties, and being subject to Penalties

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 9, 10.

A.D. 1690.

XI.

Excise upon Brandy and other Liquors from Guernsey, &c.

Oath before landing that they are of the Manufacture of those Islands, otherwise adjudged French Commodities.

Penalties of i \V. & M. Sess. i. c- 34-

XII. Charters for the sole making of Brandy, &c. from Corn void.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 9.

Reasons for the present Grant.

Additional Excise.

Beer above 6s. is. 6d. per Barrel.

Beer of or under 6s. 6d. per Barrel.

Vinegar, English, 3s. per Barrel.

Vinegar, Foreign, 8s. per Barrel.

Beer, &c. imported, 6s. per Barrel.

Cider imported .£3 per Tun.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Strongwaters Brandy Aqua vite or Spirits brought from the Islands of Guernsey Jersey Sarke or Alderney shall be charged with the Duty of eight shillings for every Gallon to be paid to the Collector or Officer of Excise upon Entry thereof before landing And that all other exciseable Liquors brought from the said Islands or any of them except Beere Ale and Mum shall be charged and chargeable with such and the like Duties as are charged or chargeable on the like Liquors made in this Kingdome to be entred and paid as abovesaid And that before the Landing of any such Liquors Oath shall be made by the Importer or Owner of such Brandy Strongwaters or Spirits and other Liquors before the Collector or principall Officer of the Customs of the Port where the same are to be landed That the same are of the Growth and Manufacture of the said Islands or one of them and are not made from or mixed with any Forreign Liquors or Materialls And in case any such Liquors shall be imported and landed before due Entry such Oath made and the said Duties paid the said Strongwaters Brandy and other Liquors shall be taken and adjudged to be of the Growth and Manufacture of the Territories of the French King and the said Liquors shall be destroyed and all persons concerned in the Importation or Sale thereof shall forfeit and suffer all and every the Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the first yeare of their Majesties Raigne Entituled An Act for Prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France in such and the same manner as if the said Liquors had beene of the Growth and Manufacture of the Territories of the French King and shall be prosecuted and recovered as in the said Act is appointed

Provided also and bee it enacted That all Charters and Letters Patents already made or hereafter to be made or granted for the sole makeing of Brandy Spirits or Strong-Waters from Come of any sort or in any manner whatsoever as a new Invention or whereby the Power and Liberty given by this Act to all persons for the distilling and makeing Brandy Spirits or Strong-waters from Corne shall be in any manner restrained shall be and are hereby declared and adjudged to be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for Granting to their Majesties severall Additionall Duties of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for foure yeares from the time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors dureing the space of one yeare doth expire.

Most Gracious [Soveraigne *]

WEE your Majestyes most Dutyfull and Loyall Subjects the Commons assembled in Parliament takeing into serious Consideration the great and urgent Occasions which doe presse your Majestyes to an extraordinary Expence of Treasure for the Defence of your Kingdomes and Dominions against Invasion and for preserveing to your said Subjects the Intercourse of Trade for which purpose your Majestyes have found yourselves obliged to equip and sett out to Sea a Roy all Navy and to maintaine a Warr against the French King And in most thankful! Acknowledgment of your Majestyes tender Care of the Welfare of your People and for the augmenting the Navall Strength of this your Kingdome by building some new Shipps of War have chearfully and unanimously given and granted and doe hereby give and grant to your Majesties the severall additionall Rates and Dutyes of Excise herein after mentioned and doe most humbly beseech your Majestyes that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same That from and after the seventeenth day of November in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety one there shall be throughout your Majestyes Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised levyed collected and paid .unto your Majestyes and your Successors dureing the space and terme of foure yeares and noe longer for Beere Ale Cider and other Liquors herein after expressed by way of Excise over and above all other Duties Charges and Impositions by any former Act or Acts (then unexpired) sett and imposed and in manner and forme following (that is to say) For every Barrell of Beere or Ale above six shillings the Barrell exclusive of the Duty of Excise brewed by the common Brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tapp out Beere or Ale publickly or privately to be paid by the Comon Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties payable for the same one shilling six pence For every Barrell of Beere or Ale of six shillings the Barrell or under brewed by the comon Brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tapp out Beere or Ale publickly or privately to be paid by the said Comon Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively as aforesaid and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties payable for the same six pence For every Barrell of Vinegar or Vinegar Beere brewed or made of any English Materialls by any Common Brewer or any other person for Sale to be paid by the Maker thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties of Excise payable for the same three shillings For every Barrell of Vinegar or Liquor ppared for Vinegar made here for Sale that hath runn through Rape or made with or passing through any Forreigne Materialls or any mixture with Forreigne Materialls to be paid by the Maker therof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity eight shillings For every Barrell of Beere Ale or Mum imported from beyond the Seas or from the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importers before Landing over and above the Duties payable for the same six shillings For every Tun of Cider or Perry Imported from beyond the Seas and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid

Sovcreignes O.

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 10.

239

by the Importer before Landing over and above the Duties payable for the same eight pounds For every Gallon of single Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite Imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before Landing over and above the Duties payable for the same foure shillings For every Gallon of Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite above proofe comonly called double Brandy imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before Landing over and above the Duties payable for the same eight shillings For all Cider and Perry made and sold by Retaile upon every Hogshead to be paid by the Retailer thereof over and above the Duties payable for the same and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser Measure two shillings six pence For all Metheglin or Mead made for Sale whether by Retaile or otherwise to be paid by the Maker for every Gallon six pence

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the severall Rates and Duties of Excise hereby imposed on the Liquors aforesaid shall be raised levyed collected [recovered '] and paid unto their Majesties and their Successors dureing the time before mentioned and in the same manner and forme and by such Rules Wayes and Means and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned expressed and directed in and by one Act of Parluiament made in the first yeare of their present Majesties Raigne Entituled An Act for an Additional! Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors or by any other Law now in force relateing to the Revenue of Excise.

Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to continue the Duties of Excise granted by an Act made in the First yeare of their Majestyes Raigne F.ntituled An Act for an Additionall Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors or any other Duties of Excise upon Beere Ale or other Liquors for any longer time then the same are respectively granted by the said Act or any other Act or Acts for that purpose

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for any Victuallers or Retailers or Common Brewers who for or within the space of one yeare before the seventeenth of November last have not brewed their owne Beere and Ale to brew and make the strong Beere Small Beere or Ale [drank1] consumed spent or sold in their respective Houses Outhouses or other places paying the Duty of Excise for the same in manner as Brewers and Retailers of Beere and Ale brewing and makeing the same are lyable by the Laws of Excise now in force And on their entring the Beere and Ale by them respectively made at the Excise Office within the Limitts wherein such Beere and Ale shall be made And on the payment of the Duty of Excise

for the same such person and persons shall not be lyable to the Penalty of one hundred pounds imposed in an

Ad made in this present Parliament Entituled An Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors dureing the space of one yeare Any thing in the same Ad to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas by an Act made in the first yeare of their Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for appropriating certaine Duties for paying the States Generali of the United Provinces their Charges for his Majestyes Expedition into this Kingdome and for other Uses the Money accruing and payable to their Majesties by force of another Act made in the said first yeare of their Majesties Raigne Entituled An Act for an Additionall Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors (together with other Money ariseing and payable by certaine other Acts of Parliament) was appropriated for and towards the Payment of six hundred thousand pounds to the States of the United Provinces And after the said six hundred thousand pounds soe paid the residue of the Money which should accrue and be payable to their Majesties by vertue of the said Act to be for and towards the subdueing of the Rebellion of Ireland and other Charges of the Warr against France And whereas the Encrease of the Navall

Strength and Force of this Kingdome is one of the best and most effectuall means for carrying on the Warr

against France and for maintaining the Honour and Safety of the Realme Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Moneys which shall accrue and become payable to their Majestyes by vertue of the said Act Entituled An Act for an Additionall Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors from and after the said six hundred thousand pounds shall be paid to the (4) States Generali and alsoe all Moneys to be collected levyed and paid by vertue of this Act shall be applyed to the uses following (that is to say) the Summe of five hundred and seventy thousand pounds part thereof shall be applyed and appropriated and is hereby appropriated for the Building and for the Guns Rigging and other Furnishing of seven and twenty Shipps of Warr whereof seventeene to be of the third Rate and to containe and measure eleven hundred Tuns or thereabouts and to carry eighty Guns apiece and ten to be of the fourth Rate and to containe and measure nine hundred Tuns or thereabout and to carry sixty Guns apiece

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said seven and twenty Shipps of Warr hereby directed to be built as aforesaid shall be and are hereby directed to be built and furnished with all convenient Expedition the whole number to be completed with Guns Rigging and Furniture within the space of foure yeares to be accounted from the five and twentyeth day of March one thousand six hundred ninety one

And to the end that the said five hundred and seventy thousand pounds may be applyed to the building and furnishing of the said Shipps of Warr And alsoe that their Majestyes may be enabled to borrow upon the Credit of this Act any Summe or Summs of Money not exceeding ten hundred thousand pounds for the Uses of the said Warr Bee it further enacted That from and after the said six hundred thousand pounds shall be paid to the said States Generali untill the eighteenth day of November which shall be in theyeare one thousand sixh undred ninety five the Commissioners and Governours for the management of the Receipt of Excise at the Head Office in London shall separate and keepe apart as well the said Moneys ariseing by vertue of the said Act Intituled An Act for an Additionall Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors as the Moneys ariseing by vertue of this Act

Brandy, single, imported, 4s. per Gallon. Brandy, double, 8c. per Gallon.

Cider, &c. retailed 2s. 6d. per Hogshead. Metheglin, 6d. per Gallon.

n.

Duties levied as by

1 W. & M. Sess. 1. c. 24. and other Laws in force.

III.

Continuance of Excise under 1 W. & M. Sess. 1. c. 24.

IV.

Victuallers, &c. may brew, paying the Excise

free from Penalty of s£ 100 of c. 3. ante.

V.

iW.&M. Sess. 1. c. 28. recited.

1 W. & M. Sess. 1. c.24.

Appropriation of this and the Residue of the Excise before given by I W. & M. c. 24. to the building Twenty-seven Men of War.

VI.

The said Ships to be built within Four Years.

VII.

The Duties of 1 W. Sc M. Sees. 1. c 24. and this Act to be kept separate, and paid Weekly into the Exchequer.

* interlined on the Roll.

- drunk O.

A.I).\690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c.10.

VIII.

A separate Account thereof kept in the Exchequer.

IX.

One Third part to be paid to the Treasurer of the Navy, &c. Warrant for Payment to Treasurer of Navy, &c. only.

Officers of the Exchequer not to pay, &c. the same for any other Purpose.

X.

Treasurer of the Navy, &c. may assign over the Third Part. Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may assign.

XI.

Treasurer of the Navy to keep an Account of such Monies.

XII. Principal Officers of the Navy, See. to sign Bills only for building, &c. the said Ships.

XIII.

Clause of Credit for j »oooo,oooo upon the Two Thirds.

XIV. Entry of Monies distinct.

as the same shall from time to time arise or be paid into the said Office of Excise by the Recievers or Collectors of the same or by any other person whatsoever And the Auditor and Comptroller of the Excise for the time being or their respective Deputies shall keepe a perfect and distinct Account in Books fairly written of the said Moneys as the same shall come in to which Books all persons concerned shall have free accesse at all seasonable times without Fee or Charge And the said Commissioners and Govemours of Excise for the time being are hereby required and strictly enjoyned from time to time to pay weekly, to witt on Wednesday in every Weeke if it be not an Holy-Day and if it be then the next day after that is not an Holy-day the said Moneys into the Receipt of their Majestyes Exchequer distinct and apart from the other Moneys which the said Commissioners and Govemours of Excise shall recieve for their Majestyes use

And it is further enabled by the authorise aforesaid That the Officers of the Receipt of their Majestyes Exchequer shall keepe all Moneys w'hich shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer by vertue of this Act or of the said former Act and the Account thereof distinct from all other Moneys and Accounts whatsoever and shall alsoe keepe a particular account of the Charge of the Building Guns Rigging and other Furnishing of each of the said seven and twenty Shipps of Warr hereby directed to be built as aforesaid

And Bee it further enacted That out of the Moneys soe from time to time paid into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer one third part thereof the whole in three equall parts to be divided shall in each and every of the said yeares be issued and paid out for and towards the Building and for and towards the Guns Rigging

and other Furnishing of the said seven and twenty Shipps of Warr And that the Commissioners of the Treasury

or Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being doe not signe any Warrant or Order or doe any other matter or thing for the issuing of any part of the said one third part to any person or persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy or the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Ordnance for the time being and expressing therein that the same is for the Building or for the Guns Rigging or other Furnishing of the seven and twenty Shipps of Warr above mentioned nor shall the Auditor of the Receipt draw any Order for the

issueing any part of the said one third part to any person or persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy or

Treasurer or Paymaster of the Ordnance as aforesaid nor shall he direct or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make Payment of any part of the said one third part by vertue of any Warrant or upon any Order or other Way or Device whatsoever other then to the persons and for the Uses aforesaid and to be soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant or Order

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Treasurer of the Navy and the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Ordnance respectively may assigne and transferr any part of the said One third part due and payable to them upon any Order by Indorsment upon such Order which being notified and an Entry and Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt (which on Request he shall accordingly make without Fee or Charge) shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefit of such Order or Orders or any part thereof and payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner assigne and so toties quoties And afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignments to make void release or discharge the same or the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof

And it is hereby further enacted That the Treasurer of the Navy and Treasurer or Pay Master of the Ordnance for the time being shall keepe all Moneys paid to them respectively by vertue of this Act distinct and apart from all other Moneys and issue and pay the same by Warrant of the principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy or Ordnance respectively or any three or more of them and mentioning and expressing that it is for the Building or for the Guns Rigging or other Furnishing of the Seven and twenty Shipps of Warr as aforesaid and to noe other intent or purpose whatsoever

And it is further enacted That the principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy and the principall Officers of the Ordnance respectively or any three or more of them shall not signe any Warrant or Navy Bill or doe any other Act or Thing for the issueing and paying any of the said Moneys to any use intent or purpose whatsoever other then for the Building or for the Guns Riging or other furnishing of the seven and twenty Shipps of Warr as aforesaid and to be soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant or Navy Bill

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person and persons Natives or Foreigners Bodies Politicke or Corporate to advance and lend to their Majesties into the Receipt of the Exchequer upon the Credit of tw'o third parts the whole in three equall parts to be divided of the Moneys to be brought in to the Receipt pursuant to the directions of this Act as aforesaid any Summe or Summes of Money not exceeding the Suine of ten hundred thousand pounds in the whole and to have and recieve for the Forbearance thereof Interest not exceeding the rate of seven pounds by the hundred for one yeare

And to the end that all Moneys which shall be soe lent to their Majesties may be well and sufficiently secured out of and by the Moneys ariseing by this or the said former Act and appointed by this present Act to be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid (other then and besides the said one third part appropriated as aforesaid) together w'ith the Interest for the Money soe lent not exceeding the rate aforesaid Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in their Majestyes Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt one Booke in which all Moneys which shall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be entred apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majestyes upon any accompt

2° Gul. & My\ r. Scss.2. c. 10.

241

whatsoever And that all and every Person and Persons Natives or Foreigners Bodies Polidcke or Corporate who shall lend any Money to their Majestycs upon the Credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the

Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his or their Repayment

beareing the same Date with the Tally in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for Forbearance not exceeding the Rate aforesaid for his or their Consideration to be paid every three months untill Repayment of the Principall and that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be registred in course according to the Date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in the said Register Booke soe as that the person Native or Forreigner his her or their Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his her or their Order or Orders first entred in the said Booke shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by vertue of this Act (other then and besides the said one third part appropriated as aforesaid) And he or they wrho shall have his or their Order or Orders next entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course and that the aforesaid two third parts (the whole in three equall parts being divided) of all the Moneys before mentioned shall be in the same Order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective Parties their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to

any other use intent or purpose whatsoever and that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be

demanded or taken of any of their Majestyes Subjects for providing or makeing of any such Books Registers Entryes View or Search as aforesaid by any of their Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputyes on paine of Payment of treble Damages to the Partie grieved by the Partie offending with Costs of Suit Or if the Officer or Officers themselves take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose their places alsoe and if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the Partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt

or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Partie grieved and shall be forejudged

from their Places or Offices And if such preference be unduely made by any their Deputies or Clerks without direction or privity of the Officer or Officers then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make payment according to each Persons due Place and Order as afore directed then he or they shall be judged to forfeite and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid or any their Deputies or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Their Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallies of Loane or Orders for payment as aforesaid beare Date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be Registred then

it shall be interpreted noe undue Preference which of those he Enters first soe he Enters them all the same day

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue inference to incurr any Penalty in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much Money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them (Interest upon

Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Banke for them)

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons to whome any Moneys shall be due by vertue of this Act after Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by indorsment of his Order may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the said Booke of Register for Orders (which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall Entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefitt thereof and payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties And afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignments to make void release or discharge the same

or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof And if the said Comissioners or Governours of the Excise for

the time being shall refuse or neglect to pay into the Exchequer the said Moneys in such manner as they are before required or enjoyned to doe or shall divert or misapply any part of the same Or if any [other*] Officer mentioned in this Act of or belonging to the Exchequer Navy or Ordnance shall offend against this Act or any Clause thereof by diverting or misapplying any Moneys whatsoever contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act That then such Commissioner Govemour or Officer soe refuseing or neglecting to pay or diverting or misapplying as aforesaid shall forfeit and lose his Office or Place and is hereby disabled and made uncapable to hold or execute any Office or Place of Trust for the future and shall be lyable to pay the full value of any Summe or Summes soe diverted or misapplyed unto any person or persons who will sue for the same by any Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law or more then one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed

1 interlined on the Roll.

Tally, Orders, &c. granted to Lenders.

Orders for Repayment registered and paid in course.

No Fee, &c. for providing, &c. Books, nor for View or Search ; Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer;

Penalty.

By Deputy

Penalty.

Auditor, See. offending

Penalty.

XV.

Payment of any Tally of same Date not undue Preference.

Paying subsequent Orders where first not demanded how far not undue Preference.

XVI. Order for Repayment transferrable.

Memorial without Fee.

Assignee may assign.

Commissioners, &c. neglecting to pay, or misapplying Monies;

Punishment.

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 10.

XVII. No Stay of Prosecution in Actions for Penalties.

XVIII.

c. 4. ante, § 57.

C.5 ante.

An Office of Receipt for Customs given formerly upon East Indu. Goods and Tobacco, &c. to be in London.

Receiver General to keep apart the Duties of c. 4. and c.5. ante;

and so to remain after Payments thereout herein mentioned.

Comptroller General of the Customs to keep distiuft Accounts.

Receiver General to pay into the Exchequer weekly.

Penalty.

Provided alsoe and bee it Enacted That noe stay of Prosecution upon any Command Warrant Motion Order or Direction by Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be had made admitted recieved or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suite or Proceeding by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information or otherwise for the recovery of all or any the pains forfeitures or penalties upon any person or persons by this Act inflicted or therein mentioned or for or in order to the Conviction or Disability of any person offending against this Act

And whereas by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament Entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties certaine Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures and upon all Wrought Silks and severall other Goods and Merchandize to be Imported after the Five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety It is Enacted That it shall be lawfull for any person or persons to advance and lend to Their Majestyes any Summe or Summes of money upon the Security of the said Act and whereas

by another Act made in this psent Session of Parlyament Entituled An Add for the Continuance of severall former

Acts therein mentioned for the laying severall Duties upon Wines Vinegar and Tobacco It is Enacted That it shall be lawfull for any person or persons to advance and lend to Their Majestyes any Summe or Summes of money as well upon the Security of the same Ad as upon the Security of two former Acts therein mentioned made in the Raigne of the late King James in such manner as in the said last mentioned Act made in this present Session of Parlyament is expressed Now to the end that it may appeare what moneys shall arise or become payable to Their Majesties by vertue of the said Acts whereby the moneys advanced to Their Majesties upon the Credit of the same may be the better secured Bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the Five and

twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety dureing the continuance of the said Acts

respectively there shall be continued and be within the City of London an Office for the Receipt of all the Duties and Sums of Money granted or payable to Their Majesties by vertue of the (') last mentioned Acts or either of them In which Office all the Moneys ariseing by the same within the Port of London or in the Out-Ports or elsew'here shall be well and truely answered and paid to the Reciever or Recievers Generali of Their Majestyes Customs to be appointed by Their Majesdes Which said Reciever or Recievers Generali is and are hereby directed and

required from time to time at the said Office to separate and keepe apart the whole Receipt of the said Moneys

due and payable by vertue of the said Act Intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties certaine Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures and upon all Wrought Silks and severall other Goods and Merchandize to be Imported after the Five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety As alsoe to separate and keepe apart the whole Reciept of all Moneys granted to Their Majestyes by the said Act intituled An Act for the Continuance of severall former Acts therein mentioned for the laying severall Duties upon Wine Vinegar and Tobacco or thereby made a Fond of Credit as aforesaid as the same shall respectively become due

and be paid into the said Office by the severall Recievers Collectors or any others who are or shall be iinployed

to pay the same and shall remaine from time to time after the payments w'hich shall be made thereout by vertue of any Law's in force upon Debentures for Goods that shall be Reshipt or for Come exported or for Discounts upon Bonds where Discounts are allowable by Law and of such allowances of damaged Goods and of Bills of Portage as have usually beene made And the Comptroller Generali of the Accounts of the Customs for the time being is hereby alsoe required and commanded to keepe perfect and distinct Accounts in Books fairly written of the said severall and respective Duties and Summs of Money as the same shall respectively come in to which Books all persons concerned shall have free accesse at all seasonable times without Fee or Charge And the said Receiver or Recievers Generali is and are hereby required and stridly enjoyned from time to time to pay weekly to witt on Wednesday in every Weeke unlesse it be an Holy-day and then the next Day after which shall not be an Holy-day the said severall and respective Sums as aforesaid into the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer distinCt and apart from all the other Moneys which he or they shall receive for Their Majestyes use And if the Reciever or Recievers Generali for the time being shall refuse or neglect to pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer the said Sums of Money ariseing as aforesaid in such manner as he or they are before required or enjoyned to doe or shall divert or misapply any part of the same then he or they for any such Offence shall forfeit his or their Office of Reciever or Recievers Generali and be incapable of any Office Employment or place of Trust whatsoever and shall be lyable to pay the full value of any Summe or Summes soe diverted or misapplyed to any person or persons who shall sue for the same by any ACb'on of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Their Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noc Essoigne Protection Wager of Law or Priviledge or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed

XIX. Appropriation of the Residue of the Money of this Ai\ to the Navy and building Three Ships of War;

and to the Ordnance of the Navy.

Appropriation of Monies granted by this or any other Act, except

And bee it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That out of the Money which shall be levyed and paid by vertue of this A Cl into the Receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loane as otherwise the Summe of Seven hundred thousand pounds shall be applyed and appropriated and is hereby appropriated to and for the payment of Seamen that shall serve in Their Majestyes Navy Royall for the yeare One thousand six hundred ninety one And to and for the building of Three Shipps to be of the Third Rate to containe and measure each of them One thousand and fifty Tunns and for providing Guns Rigging and other Furniture for the said Shipps And to and for the paying for Stores Provisions and Victualls to be supplyed for the said Navy And to and for the Expences of Their Majestyes Office of Ordnance in respect to Navall Affaires and for other necessary Uses and Services to be performed for the said Navy in the time aforesaid And that out of all other the Money which shall be levyed and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loane as otherwise by vertue of this Act or any other Act of this Session of Parlyament for granting aids or supplyes to Their Majestyes for Reduceing Ireland or prosecuting the Warr against France (other then what is as aforesaid appropriated by this

‘ said O.

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 1(1, 11.

243

Act and the Act For Granting an Aid to Their Majesties of the Summe of Sixteene hundred fifty one thousand c. i. ante, seven hundred and two pounds eighteene shillings for the payment of Seamen and other payments relating to to the Navy,

Their Majestyes Navy) the Summe of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds shall be applyed and appropriated and is

hereby appropriated to and for [the payment of*] Their Majesties Land-Forces and Armies that have served to the Army;

and shall serve in England or Ireland or elsewhere and the paying for Arms Ammunition Carriages and all

incident Charges necessary to the same and not otherwise And that all other Sums of Money paid and payable

into the Exchequer by vertue of any of the said Acts over and above the Summs appropriated to and for the to the Prosecution

uses therein expressed dureing their respective continuance shall be applyed and appropriated to and for the pvance^nda®a'nst

prosecution of the said Warr against France and the Reduceing Ireland and the payment of the Debts that shall be reducing Ireland.

incurred by reason of the said Warr and to noe other use or purpose whatsoever

XX

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That the said Three Shipps of Warr herein last mentioned to be built The said three Ships

shall be and are hereby directed to be built and compleated with Guns Rigging and other Furniture within the yf Wjr to be built

in &i x cHr,

space of One yea re to be accounted from the Twentyeth day of March next ensueing

V Y T

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for Their Majestyes to Their Majesties

make use of any summe or summes of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand pounds in the whole may dispose of

granted in this present Sessions of Parliament and not particularly appropriated soe as the same be repaid and appropriated01 applyed to the carrying on of the present Warr out of such Moneys as shall arise from Their Majesties Revenue before the Foure and twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and one Any thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XI.

An Act for Appointing and Enabling Commissioners to Examine Take and State the Publicke Accounts of the Rot.ParI.pt. 3.

Kingdome.

nu. 10.

WHEREAS many great Revenues Sums of Money and Provisions have beene Expended Granted Raised and Assigned for the necessary Support of Their Majesties Government and the Warr against France and the Reduceing of Ireland since the Fifth day of November One thousand six hundred eighty and eight on which day the Kings Majestie (being then Prince of Orange) Landed in England Wherefore to the intent that Their Majesdes and this Kingdome may be satisfyed and truely informed whether all the same Revenues Moneys and Provisions have beene faithfully Issued out Disposed Ordered and Expended for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid And that Their Majestyes Loyall Subjects may thereby be incouraged more chearfully to undergoe the like Burthens for the Support of Your Majesdes Government and for the further Prosecudon of the present Warr against France and the Reduceing of Ireland Bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesdes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Tempo rail and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Paul Foley Esquire Collonell Robert Austen Sir Mathew Andrews Knight Sir Benjamin Newland Knight Sir Samuell Barnardiston Baronet Sir Peter Colliton Baronet and Robert Harley Esquire or any Five or more of them shall and are hereby Consututed Commissioners for takeing of the Accounts of all Moneys of the Publick Revenues of the Crowne which were in the Receipt of Their Majestyes Exchequer on the said Fifth day of November One thousand six hundred eighty and eight or at any dme since have beene or shall be before the Power and Authority for the takeing and examineing of these Accounts be determined and of all Arrears thereof And of all such Moneys then and at any time before the determination of the Power and Authority aforesaid in the hands of the Reciever Generali or Cashiers of the Customs Excise or Hearth money And of the Summe of

Foure hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred tw'enty five pounds fourteene shillings and six pence granted to

Their Majesties by one Act of the first Session of the late Parlyament Entituled An Act for the Granting a

Present Aid to Their Majesties And of the Money collected recieved and paid or payable into the Exchequer

by one Act Intituled An Act for Raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the Reduceing of Ireland And

by one other Act Intituled An Act for Preventing Doubts and Questions concerning the Collecting the Publicke

Revenue And by one other Act Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majesties of an Aid of Twelve pence in the Pound for One Yeare for the necessary Defence of the Realms And of one other Act Entituled An Act for an Additionall Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors And one other Act For Appropriating certaine Duties for Paying the States Generali of the United Provinces their Charges for His Majesties Expedition into this Kingdome and for other Uses And of one other Act of the second Session of the said Parliament Entituled An Act for Preventing all Doubts and Questions concerning the Collecting the Publicke Revenue And of one other Act Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majestyes of an Aid of Two shillings in the Pound for One Yeare And of one other Act of the same Session of Parlyament Entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majesties

of an Additionall Aid of Twelve pence in the Pound for One Yeare And of one Act Entituled An Act for

the Charging and Collecting the Duties upon Coffee Tea and Chocolate And one other Act Entituled An Act for Review of the late Poll granted to Their Majesties and for an Additionall Poll towards the Reduceing of Ireland And by one other Act Entituled An Act for Raising Money by a Poll and otherwise towards the Reduceing

Reasons for passing this Act.

Commissioners appointed to take the Accounts of the Public Revenue in the Receipt of the Exchequer;

and of Monies in the Hands of Receiver General;

and of ■£'412,925 145. 6d. granted by 1 YV. & M. Sess. 1. c.3.

and of Monies by 1 W• & M. Sess. 1. c.i3-

c. 14. c. 20. c. 24. c. 28.

and by 1 W. & M. Sess. 2. c.3.

c. 1. c.5.

c.6. c. 7.

and by 2 VV. & M. Sess. 1. c. 2.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1(>90.

c* 3*

c- 4*

and by 2 W. & M. S«w. 2. C. I.

c- 3-c- 4-

c- 5*

and of Prizes taken during the War

and of Crown Lands and all other Branches of the Revenue;

and of the public Stores;

and of Ships, Yachts, Money, Provisions, &c. in the Naval and Military Service.

II.

Officers of the Exchequer, Officers of the Ordnance, and of the Public Stores and Treasury, to observe Orders of Commissioners for taking the said Accounts.

II!

Commissioners to meet in the Inner Court of Wards at Westminster; and to send out their Precepts, See.

and to administer an Oath

Officers to execute such Precepts.

Commissioners to employ Clerks, Messengers, and to give them Oath to execute their Duty.

Such Clerks, &c. to take nothing but their Salary'.

2° Gul. & Mar.

Sess. 2. c.ll.

of Ireland and Prosecuteing the War against France And by one other Act Entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties for their Lives and the Life of the Survivour of them certaine Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors And one other Act Entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties a Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of Money payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported And by one other Act of this present Session of Parlyament Intituled An Act for granting an Aid to Their Majesties of the Summe of Sixteene hundred fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pounds cighteene shillings And by one other Act Entituled An Act for Doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors dureing the space of One Yeare And by one other Act Entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties certaine Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures and upon all wrought Silks and severall other Goods and Merchandize to be Imported after the Five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety And by one other Act Entituled An Act for the continuance of severall former Acts therein mentioned for the Laying severall Duties upon Wines Vinegar and Tobacco and of such Prizes as have beene taken dureing the present Warr at any time since the said Fifth day of November and shall be taken before the Determination of the Power and Authority aforesaid for Their Majestyes use and of the Money paid for any such Prizes to any Reciever or other Persons Authorized to recieve the same or otherwise And of all the Crowne-Lands First Fruits and Tenths of the Clergy Wine-Licences Fines Forfeitures and of all other Branches of the Revenue of the Crowne and all other Publicke Moneys whatsoever that by any wayes or means whatsoever have since the said Fifth day of November One thousand six hundred eighty and eight arisen beene granted collected ordered recieved or raised Or at any time or by any wayes or means whatsoever shall arise be granted collected ordered received or grow due before the Determination of the Power and Authority aforesaid by any Person or Persons whatsoever And how and in what manner and by whome and to whome the same have beene ordered paid or disposed And alsoe for takeing Accounts of all Their Majestyes Stores Provisions Habiliments of Warr as well for Land as Sea Service in the Tower or in any other of Their Majestyes Garrisons Storehouses Yards or elsewhere as were upon the said Fifth day of November or at any time since have beene or hereafter shall be before the Determination of the Power and Authoritie aforesaid And to sett downe what numbers of Shipps Yachts or Boates were on the said Fifth day of November or at any time since have beene or shall be before the Determination of the Power and Authority aforesaid belonging to Their Majestyes And what Summe or Summes of Money Provisions Viclualls Stores and other things whatsoever have beene Provided Issued Paid or Assigned at any time since the said Fifth day of November or at any time shall be before the Determination of the Power and Authority aforesaid for or towards the Payment Use or Maintenance of any of Their Majesties Land Forces in England or Ireland or elsewhere or Their Forces by Sea and the numbers of them respectively And for and towards the Building Repairs Fitting Furnishing or Setting out to Sea any of the Shipps or Navyes employed at any time since the said Fifth day of November and before the Determination of the Power aforesaid

And for the better enableing the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them to take the said Accounts Bee it further Enacted That the Auditor of the Receipt otherwise called the writer of the Tallys of Their Majesties Exchequer and the Clerke of the Pells there for the time being and all other the Officers Auditors Tellers Chamberlain and Ministers of the Exchequer and the Receipt thereof and the Secretary at Warr and Treasurer at Warr Mustermaster and Paymaster of Their Majestyes Land Forces in England and Ireland by what Name or Names they or any of them are called or distinguished And all Treasurers Receivers Paymasters Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy and Ordnance respectively And all Officers and Keepers of Their Majesties Stores and Yards and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever Employed as Commissioner or Commissioners or otherwise in or about the Treasury or in the management ordering paying recieving or disposing of Their Majesties Treasure Revenues Provisions Victualls or Stores of Warr or any part of the same and all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever whome the said Commissioners or any Five of them shall thinke [fitt'] to Examine in order to the takeing of or inquireing into the Accounts aforesaid shall and are hereby Required to observe and execute such Orders and Directions as they or any Five or more of them shall by Writeing under their Hands Direct and Ordaine for and touching the takeing of the said Accounts and all things requisite for the Knowledge and Discovery thereof

And for the better Executing of this present Act the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them are hereby Authorized to Meete and Sitt from time to time in the Roomes called the Inner Court of Wards at Westminster or in any other Place where they shall thinke fitt with or without Adjournment and to send their Precept or Precepts for any other Person or Persons whatsoever and such Books Papers Writeings or Records as they shall judge necessary for their Information in all things relateing to the said Accounts and Matters aforesaid and to administer an Oath for the better discovery of the Truth of the Inquiries by them to be made to any Person or Persons therein concerned And all Bayliffes Constables Sheriffes and other Their Majestyes Officers

are hereby Required to obey and execute such Orders and Precepts as shall be sent to them or any of them by

the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them touching the said Accounts and Premisses And the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized to appoint and employ such Clerks Messengers and Officers as they shall thinke meet and to give to every of the said Clerks and Officers an. Oath for his true and faithfull demeanour in all things relateing to the Trust and performance thereof in him reposed by the said Comissioners or any Five or more of them and in all other tilings touching the Premisses Which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and performe the said Trust in them reposed severally

and respectively without takeing any thing for such their Sendee other then such Salary or Reward as the said

Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall thinke fitt to Direct and Appoint in that behalfe

fitting O.

A.D. 1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 11.

245

And bee it further Enabled That Two of the said Commissioners first named in this Act before they enter upon the Execution of the same shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or Master of the Rolls for the time being which they and either of them are hereby Authorized and Required to Administer to them the Tenour whereof shall be as followeth That is to to say

JAB doe Sweare That according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge I shall Faithfully Impartially and

Truely demeane myselfe in examining and takeing the Accounts of all such Summe or Sums of Money and other Things brought or to be brought before me in Execution of one Act Entituled An Act for Appointing and Enabling Commissioners to examine take and stake the Publicke Accounts of the Kingdome according to the Tenour and Purport of the said Act.

And every other of the said Commissioners in the AS named before he enters upon the Execution of the said AS shall likewise take the same Oath before the said Two Commissioners herein first named who are hereby Authorized to Administer the same unto them after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid

And bee it further Enacted That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer of England for the time being are hereby Authorized and required to issue [or1] cause to be Paid all such Summe or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand pounds to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall by Writcing under their Hands desire or direct out of any part of Their Majestyes Treasure or Revenue to be employed in or for the Payment of Clerks Messengers and other Officers and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this AS and in such manner and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them by Writeing under their Hands in that behalfe the same to be accompted for by the Person or Persons to whome the said Money shall be issued or paid according to the course of Their Majestyes Exchequer without any Fees or other Charge to be taken or demanded for the Issueing or Payment of the same Money on the passing of such Accompt other then such Summe as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall appoint And the said Commissioners shall from time to time being thereunto required and at the determination of their Examinations and Proceedings by vertue of this AS give an Account thereof in writeing under any Five or more of their Hands and Seals to the King and Queens Majesties and to both Houses of Parliament if then Sitting or at their next Meeting that Their Majesties and both Houses of Parliament may thereby receive a full and true accompt how the Publicke Treasure Revenues and other things have beene disposed of.

Provided alwayes and it is the true Intent and meaning of this present AS That all Accomptants to Their Majesties of all such Summe or Summs of Money soe by them recieved and Issued or to be recieved or issued as aforesaid shall render and make their respective Accompts in Their Majesties Court of Exchequer according to the usuall Course of the said Court Any thing contained in this AS to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

This Act as to the Powers of takeing examining and statcing the accompts and administring of Oaths to Endure for the space of One Yeare from the Five and twentyeth day of January One thousand six hundred and ninety and noe longer

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer of England for the time being are hereby authorized and required to issue and pay or cause to be Paid the Summe of Five hundred pounds to each Commissioner in this Act named for his and their Care and Pains in the Execution of this Act the same to be paid by Quarterly Payments from the said five and twentyeth day of January

And whereas dureing the Raigne of the late King James a Commission was granted to certaine persons therein named to repaire his said Majesties Navy or Shipps of Warr and diverse great Sums of Money were Yearly Ordered and recieved for that Service but the said Shipps were not repaired Bee it therefore Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That the said Commissioners for takeing the Accounts aforesaid or any Five or more of them shall in like manner as aforesaid take an Account what Sums of Money were Ordered and Paid dureing his said late Majesties Raigne to any such Comissioners for repairing the Fleet as aforesaid how the said Sums of Money were employed and whether the same were expended for that Service

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the giveing any Power or Authority to the Commissioners appointed by this Act to Inquire into or to demand an Account of the disposition of any Summe or Sums of Money w'hich have beene or shall be paid to Their Majesties Privy Purse or which have beene or shall be expended for and towards secret Service Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or understood to hinder or disable the Commissioners by this Act appointed from takeing and requireing an Account upon Oath from the respective Officers of all the Pensions Salaries and Sums of Money paid or payable to Members of Parlyament out of the Revenue or otherwise.

* and 0.

IV.

Two of the Commissioners to take Oath before Chancellor of Exchequer, &c.

Form.

The other Commissioners to take same Oath before said Two Commissioners.

V.

Treasury to issue .•£*2,000 for Payment of Clerks, Messengers, &c. and for defraying other necessary Charges.

The same to be accounted for. What Fee, &c. for issuing such Money may be taken. Commissioners to give Account in Writing under Hand and Seal to Their Majesties and Parliament.

VI.

Accountants to account in the Exchequer.

VII. Continuance of Act as to Accounts, 8cc

VIII.

Salary of e£$oo to Commissioners payable Quarterly.

IX. Commission in the Reign of Jac. 11, to repair the Navy, recited.

The said Commissioners to take an Account of the Monies thereunder issued.

X.

Proviso for their Majesties Privy Purse.

XL

Commissioners not disabled from taking an Account on Oath of Provisions, See. paid to Members of Parliament.

R

3

A.D. 1690. 2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 12, 13.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3.

Till. I !.

13 & 14 Car. I[. c 3. $7. recited.

Recital that upon the late Provision it was necessary to draw out the Soldiers into actual Service;

and that the like Occasion may again happen.

If it should be necessary before 25th Dec. 1601 to draw out Soldiers into a&tial Service, to be declared as herein mentioned.

Lieutenants and Lord Warden of Cinque Ports may draw out Soldiers, and cause Persons charged to provide Pay, although Pay before advanced not reimbursed.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for the Raising the Militia of this Kingdomc for the Yeare One thousand six hundred ninety and one

although the Months Pay formerly Advanced be not Repaid.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Yeares of the Raigne of His late Majesty King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for Ordering the Forces in the severall Counties of this Kingdome It was (amongst other things') Enacted That in case of Invasions Insurrections or Rebellions whereby Occasion should be to draw out the Soldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the said Act into actuall Service the Persons Charged by the said Act with Horses Horsmen and Armes or with Foote Soldiers

and Arms should provide each their Soldier respectively with Pay in Hand not exceeding One Months Pay as

should be in that Behalfe Directed by the respective Lieutenants of the severall Counties and in their absence or otherwise by their Directions by their Deputies or any Two or more of them For Repayment of which said Moneys and for Satisfaction of the Officers for their Pay dureing such time not exceeding One Month as aforesaid as they should be with their Soldiers in such actuall Service It was thereby declared That Provision should be made for the same by His said Majestie His Heires and Successors out of His or Their Publicke Treasury or Revenue Neverthelesse it was thereby further Provided and Enacted That in case a Months Pay should be provided and advanced as aforesaid that noe Person who should have advanced his Proportion thereof should be Charged with any other like Months Payment untill he or they should have beene Reimbursed the said Months Pay and soe from time to time the Months Pay by him or them last before provided and advanced as aforesaid And whereas upon the late Invasion of the Coasts of this Kingdome by the French it was found Necessary for the publicke Defence and Safety to draw out the said Soldiers into actuall Service and to charge the said Persons to provide each their Soldiers respectively with Pay in hand although the Months Pay by severall of them before that time provided and advanced was not nor could be reimbursed And whereas the like occasion may possibly happen dureing the present Warr Bee it therefore Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled

and by Authoritie of the same That if at any Time before the Five and twentieth Day of December wffiich shall be

in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety one it shall be found by Their Majesties (‘) for the Defence and Safety of this Kingdome to draw out the said Soldiers into actuall Service and the same shall be Declared or Signified to the respective Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports Two antient Towns and their Members or in his absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants by Their Majestyes it shall be lawffull for the said Lieutenants or their Deputies or any two or more of them as aforesaid and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports Two ancient Townes and their Members or in his absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants in pursuance of such Orders from their Majesties (notwithstanding that One or more Months Pay before that time advanced be not Reimbursed) to raise and draw out the said Soldiers into actuall Service and to cause the Persons charged as aforesaid to provide each their Soldier with Pay in hand not exceeding One Months Pay in such manner as if all the Pay before that time advanced and provided had been fully reimbursed and paid.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 12.

Recital that during the Invasion divers Subjc&s had apprehended suspected Persons, &c.

All Prosecutions, &c. against such Subjcdt made void.

Defendant may

rlead the General wue, and recover Double Costs.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Act for preventing Vexatious Suites against such as acted for Their Majestyes Service in defence of the

Kingdome.

WHEREAS in this present yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety about the time that the Coasts of this Kingdome were invaded by the French the Lords and others of Their Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill diverse Lords Gentlemen and other good Subjects being Magistrates and Officers or acting in pursuance of their Orders did for Their Majesties Service and the Safety of the Kingdome apprehend and imprison severall suspected persons and did seize and use Horses and Arms and did cause the greatest part of the Militia of this Kingdome to be raised continued and maintained otherwise than is authorized by the Acts made in the Raigne of King Charles the Second in that behalfe and to march and to be quartered in diverse places upon that occasion That those proceedings in that extraordinary Juncture and the parties concerned therein may be Indemnified therefore And for the preventing the Trouble and Charges which the said good Subjects might be putt to by the Prosecution of Their Majestyes Their Heires and Successors or by the means of Vexatious Suits of any person whatsoever for and by reason of their aftings and doeings aforesaid Bee it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majestyes by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal) and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That all Personall Actions Suits Indictments Informations and all other Prosecutions whatsoever for or by reason of the premisses be and are hereby discharged and made void And if any Action or Suite hereby declared to be discharged hath beene or shall be commenced or prosecuted every person soe sued may plead the Generali Issue and give this Act and the Speciall Matter in Evidence And if the Plaindfife shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the said Defendant shall recover his double Costs for which he shall have the like Remedy as in case where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

1 to be necessary O.

A.D. 1Gm).

247

2° Gul. & Mar. Scss. 2. c. 14.

C. H A P T E R XIV.

An Act for the more effectuall puting in Execution an Act Entituled An Act for Prohibiting all Trade and

Commerce with France.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the First yeare of Their Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for Prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France it was provided That if any French Wines Vinegar Brandy Linen Silks Salt Paper and other Commodities of the growth product or manufacture of France or of the Territories or Dominions of the French King or any Goods Commodities or Manufactures mixed with any Goods or Commodities being of the growth product or manufacture of any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King should be Imported contrary to the said Act they should be slav'd spilt destroyed or burnt in such manner as is by the said Act directed Notwithstanding which diverse of the said Goods Commodities and Manufactures taken or pretended to be taken as Prizes have beetle Imported but not stay'd spilt burnt or destroyed according to the Provision of the said Act For Remedy whereof and for the more effectuall putting the said Act in Execution Bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authorise of the same That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Prizes shall wilfully or knowingly suffer any of the said Goods Commodities or Manufactures imported as Prizes or otherwise contrary to the said Act to be admitted to an Entry or to be imbczled and not stay'd spilt burnt or destroyed in such manner as by the said AC\ is directed every such Officer or Officers shall being thereof lawfully convicted forfeit the Summe of Five hundred pounds whereof one Moyety to be to Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to such person or persons as shall discover and sue for the same and alsoe shall for ever afterwards be incapable of haveing or executing any Office in their Majesties Revenue

And it is hereby Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That if any person or persons [at any time or times'] from and after the First day of February One thousand six hundred and ninety shall sell or utter by Retaile in or by any Glasse Botle or Botles or in or by any other Retaile Measure not made of Pewter and sealed according to Law any kinde of Wine or Wines whatsoever or any other Liquor exposed to sale for Wine or shall sell the same for a greater price then by the afore mentioned Act is appointed and shall be convicted thereof by the Confession of the partie or by the Oath of two credible Witnesses before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County City or place where such Offence shall be committed (who are hereby required and impowered to Administer an Oath to that purpose) such person being prosecuted for such Offence within Thirty dayes next after such Offence committed that then every person soe offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Penalty and Summe of Fifty Shillings which if not paid upon demand shall be levyed by distresse and sale of the Goods and Chattells of every such Offender by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of the Justice or Justices before whoine such Conviction shall be made which Warrant the said Justice and Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant to the Constable Headburrough or Tythingman of the Parish or place where such Offence shall be committed who are hereby required and authorized immediately to levy the same accordingly rend ring the Overplus to the Owner thereof The said Penalty Forfeiture and Moneys soe levyed to be given to the Informer And for want of sufficient Distresse the Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaole there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize untill he shall pay the said Money and Penalty and all necessary Costs and Charges of such Conviction and Prosecution the said Costs to be taxed by the Justice or Justices before whome the said Conviction was made Provided That where any Offender shall be punished by force of this Act he shall not be prosecuted nor incurr the penaltie of any other Law or Statute for the same Offence And that noe Writt or Writts of Certiorari shall be granted or allowed to supersede or remove any Conviction or Proceedings in pursuance of this Act but that Execution and all other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon Any such Writt or Writts or Allowance thereof notwithstanding

And whereas severall Officers and Informers have beene hindred abused beaten and wounded to the hazard of their Lives in the due execution of their severall Trusts and Services in their respective places by Companies and multitudes of Men and prohibited Goods have by force and violence as well by Land as by Water beene forcibly carryed and conveyed away Bee it Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That where any Officer or Informer or any other person or persons impowered by this Act or the aforesaid Act of Prohibition shall be by any person or persons forcibly hindered abused beaten or wounded in the due Execution of this or the aforesaid Act all and every person and persons soe resisting abuseing beating or wounding the said Officer or Informer or other persons impowered thereby or such as shall act in their aid and assistance shall by the next Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate be Committed to Prison there to remaine till the next Quarter Sessions And the Justices of the said Quarter Sessions shall and are hereby impowered to punish the Offenders by Fine not exceeding Five Pounds And the Offender is to remaine in Prison till he be Discharged both of the Fine and Imprisonment by Order of the said Justices or any two of them.

* interlined on the Roll.

Rot. Par/, pi. 3. nu. 13.

1 W. &M. Scss. 1. c. 34. recited; and that, notwithstanding the said Act, divers French Commodities had been imported.

Officer offending;

Penalty -£$00.

II.

Persons selling Wine in Vessel unsealed, or at undue Price.

Limitation of Prosecution.

Penalty.

Penalty how disposed of.

No double Punishment.

Certiorari not allowed.

in.

Disturbing, &c. Informers.

Imprisonment till Quarter Sessions.

Penalty.

./>.1690.

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 15.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 14.

22 Si 23 Car. II. c. ao.

30 Car. II. Stat. x. c. 4. recited.

The Reasons for passing this Act.

Persons in Prison taking the Oaths of 22 & 23 Car. II c. 20. and of this Act, to be discharged.

II.

Justices of Peace making Order for Discharge to give Gaolers, See. an Oath.

Form.

Gaoler refusing to take the Oath.

Penalty.

Gaoler, &c. liable to Perjury.

IH.

Prisoner discharged roust take an Oath.

Form.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act for Reliefe of poore Prisoners for Debt or Damages.

WHEREAS for severall charitable and good Reasons an Act of Parliament was made the Two and twentyeth and Three and twentyeth yeares of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the Reliefe and Release of poore distressed Prisoners for Debt and because of some dubious Construction of some words mentioned in the said Act the same did not answere the full intent for which it was made Wherefore for better Explanation thereof and to supply the Defects which did obstrud the good ends and purposes of the said Act another Act was made by the same Parliament in the Thirtyeth yeare of the said late King Entituled An Act for the further Reliefe and Discharge of poore distressed Prisoners for Debt By which said last Act it was Enacted That all Persons being in Prison upon the Nine and twentyeth day of May One thousand six hundred seventy eight for Debt or Damages upon any manner of Processe whatsoever issueing out of any Court of Law or Equity and who should take the Oath in the said first recited Act mentioned should and might be released and discharged from their Imprisonments in the same manner as persons being Prisoners might have beene by the first mentioned Act and in case the said Debt and Damages had beene ascertained by Judgement Now Their present Majesties takeing into their charitable and pious Consideration the sad Condition of many thousands of poore Prisoners in Prison for Debt ready to perish and being noe lesse piously inclined and intended to ease and relieve their poore distressed Subjects in prison then any other Kings and Queens Their Predecessors have beene But seriously considering the many Abuses which happened under the two before mentioned late Acts by Shcriffes Coalers and Keepers of Prisons in discharging and releasing Persons from prison who were not within the Benefit of the said Acts and who were not really and truely Prisoners at the aforesaid Nine and twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred seventy eight And the many Frauds by persons abuseing the Favour thereby to them intended by entring themselves Prisoners under faigned Actions thereby to decieve and defraud their Creditors of their just Debts Their said Majesties by and with the Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Tempo rail and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same have Enacted And it is hereby Enacted That all Persons in Prison upon the Eight and twentyeth day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety for Debt or Damages or for or upon any Action or Actions or upon any meane Processe for Debt Accompt or Trespasse upon the Case which ACtions by Prosecution of Law may be Judgments for Debt or Damages or who may have Judgments entred upon Record against them or are charged in Execution or Imprisoned upon Attachments for Debt or upon Outlawries before or after Judgment for Debt or upon any other Processe whatsoever issued out of any Court of Law or Equity for the cause of Debt or Damages or Costs onely who shall take the Oath in the said first recited Act mentioned and the Oath in this present Act following shall and may be released and discharged from their Imprisonments in the same forme and in such manner as is contained and mentioned in the said two before mentioned late Acts and as if such person was Prisoner before and at the time mentioned for the release and discharge of such Prisoner in either of the aforementioned late Acts

And it is further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That any Justice or Justices of the Peace who pursuant to the before two mentioned late Acts and according to the true intent and meaning of this present Act shall make any Order for the Discharge of any poore Prisoner for Debt they the said Justice or Justices shall cause to come and call before them (') Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of Prison of such Goale or Prison of and from whence such Prisoner or Prisoners he she or they is or are and shall administer and give to such Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of Prison an Oath to this effect following Viz'

JAB doe Sweare That J S wras really and truely my Prisoner in my custodie without any fraud or deceit by me or by any other to my knowledge at or upon the eight and twentyeth day of November in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety Soe helpe me God.

And if such Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of Prison or who was Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of such Prison at the time of such persons first Imprisonmont and thereof not discharged and from whence such Prisoner is about to be Discharged shall refuse being duely summoned to appeare before the said Justice or Justices and shall refuse to take the before mentioned Oath soe to be given and administered by the said Justice or Justices as aforesaid such Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of Prison shall forfeit and pay to such Prisoner soe about to be discharged and released from Prison and thereby detained the value of such Debt or Debts for which he or she shall be Imprisoned to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Their Majestyes Courts of Record And if any such Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of Prison shall forsweare and perjure himselfe and shall be thereof lawfully convicted such Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of Prison shall incurr and suffer such penalties as are now in force and may by Law be inflicted upon persons Convicted of Perjury

And it is alsoe Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That such Prisoner as shall take the benefit of this Act according to the Forme of the two before mentioned late Acts as is hereby required and shall take the Oath in the first recited Act mentioned shall alsoe before such Justice or Justices of the Peace by whome such Oath is to be given and administred likewise take an Oath to this Effect (Viz')

JAB doe Sweare That on the eight and twentyeth day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety I was actually a Prisoner in the custodie of the Goaler or Keeper of D. Prison in the County of C at the Suite of J. S. without my consent or procurement or by any fraud or collusion whatsoever

Soe helpe me God.

* any O.

A. I). 1690.

249

2° Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 15.

And if any Prisoner who shall take the benefitt of this Act and shall in pursuance of the same take the Oathes for any the purposes hereby appointed shall Forsweare himselfe then shall such person being thereof lawfully convicted beyond and over above the penalties which may by Law now in force be inflicted upon persons Convicted of Perjury suffer Imprisonment for the space of Seven Yeares without Baile or Mainprize Provided neverthelesse That this Act shall not extend to any person or persons in Execution for any Fine on him her or them imposed for any Offence by him or her or them committed

And lastly it is declared and enabled by the Authority aforesaid That takeing the Oaths and giveing to the Creditors such Notice as is by this present Act required in all other things for the release and discharge of any poore Prisoner from prison it shall be observed and performed in the same forme and method as is mentioned in and directed by the said two before mentioned late Acts of Parlyament. Provided That noe Person shall be discharged out of Prison or have any benefitt or advantage by force or vertue of this Act who shall stand charged with more then the Summe of One hundred pounds principall Money or Damages or shall stand charged with any Debt to Their Majestyes

[Provided alwayes and bee it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That notwithstanding the discharge of the Person of such Prisoner as aforesaid upon takeing the Oath aforesaid all and every Judgement had and taken against him or her shall be and stand good and effectuall in the Law to all intents and purposes against the Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods and Chattells onely of the said Prisoner soe discharged as aforesaid And it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Creditor of such Prisoner or Prisoners soe discharged as aforesaid his Executors Administrators or Assignes to take out any new Execution against the Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods and Chattells of such Prisoner or Prisoners (his or her Wearing Apparell Bedding for him and his or her Family and Tools necessary for his or her 'Trade and Occupation onely excepted) for the satisfaction of his her or their said Debt in such sort manner and forme as he she or they might have done if the person or persons of such Prisoner or Prisoners had never beene taken in Execution Any Act Statute or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding. *]

ITEM queda Petitiones privatas personas concernentes (in se forma Actus continentes) exhibite fuerunt predifto

Domino Regi in Parliamento pPdifto quoru Tituli subscribuntur.

An Act for the enabling the sale of the Mannour of Kempton and Kempton Parke and other Lands late of Francis Phelips Esq deceased.

An Act to enable Dacres Barret alias Lennard Esq, to charge the Revertion of his Estate in England with the summe of fifteene hundred pounds.

An Act to prohibit the covering of houses and other buildings with thatch or straw in the Towne of Marleborough in the County of Wilts.

An Act to vest the Mannours and Lands late of George Vilet Esq, in Trustees to be sould for raising portions for his daughters.

An Act to vest diverse Messuages and Tenements (the Estate c»f David Bigg Esq) in trustees to be sold

and for laying out the money to be raised thereby in the purchase of Lands more to his convenience to be

setled to the same uses.

An Act to enable Elizabeth Mountague Widow to make Leases for yeares of houses and ground in Stepney in the County of Midlesex.

An Act to give Katherine Lady Cornbury certaine Powers to act as if she were of full age.

An Act for the limitting the power of James now Earle of Salisbury to cutt off the Intaile of his Estate.

An Act to annuli and make void a marriage betweene Mary Wharton an Infant and James Campbell Esq.

An Act to free the Estate of Sir Samuell Bernardiston Baronet from severall incumbrances occasioned by a

Judgment given against him upon an information in the Court of Kings Bench.

An Act for enabling of Trustees to sell certaine Lands of Richard Cooke deceased to pay debts and to raise a portion for his daughter.

An Act for the vesting severall Messuages and Tenements in the City of London (late the Estate of John Baines Gentleman deceased) in trustees to be sould for the payments of debts.

An Act for naturalizing of Francis de la Chambre and others.

An Act to barr a Remainder Unfitted to Dudley Bagnall Esq in the Estate of Nicholas Bagnall Esq in Ireland.

An Act for vesting diverse Lands in Trustees to be sould for the payment of certaine debts of Saint Leger Scroope Esq deceased.

• annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

3

Prisoner

forsworn.

Punishment.

Proviso for Prisoners for Fines.

IV.

Taking the Oaths, fcc. how performed.

Debtors to the King, &c. not entitled to Discharge.

V.

Judgment still good against Lands and Goods.

250

2? Gul. & Mar. Sess. 2. c. 15.

A I). 1690.

An Act for the better enableing Jane Bray Widow relink and sole executrix of the last Will of Reginald Bray Esquire deceased and others to the speedier raising of the Portions already appointed for her daughters by the said Reginald Bray.

An Act for selling the Estate of Henry Serle Esquire deceased.

An Act for the setling a Charity given by Robert Aske Esq^ to the Company of Haberdashers of London.

An Act for secureing the portion of Elizabeth Lucy and breeding her up a Protestant and for transferring the trust for that purpose.

An Act for the raising money out of the Estate of Thomas Williams Esq^ deceased by letting Leases and otherwise for the more speedy payment of his debts.

An Act to enable Phillip Hildeyard Esqs to sell Lands in Surrey and to setle Lands in Lincolnshire in liew thereof

An Act to enable Thomas Earle of Aylesbury and Elizabeth Countesse of Aylesbury his wife to make provision for payment of debts and to make Leases of their Estates

An Act to enable Thomas Sheafe to sell Lands for payment of debts and makeing provision for his wife according to an Agreement for that purpose.

An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in Yorke Buildings and for incourageing carrying on and setling the said Waterworks.

An Act for vesting certaine Lands (the Estate of Thomas Manwaring Gentleman) in Trustees to be sold for the payment of debts.

An Act to enable John Rosseter Esq^ to sell Lands for payment of debts.

( 251 )

Anno 3° GULIELMI & MARINE, A.D. 1691.

STATUTES made in the Third Session of Parliament Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Twenty-second Day of October, Tn the THIRD Year of the Reign of K. WILLIAM and Q. MARY.

Cjr&otulo j&arWamentt btZLnno regnt d&uKelnitet $9artae, Certio.

IN Parliamento inchoat* & tent' apud Westm' vicesimo die Martii Anno Regni Serenissimi Dili & Dne Gulielmi et Marie Dei Gra Angt Scoc* Franc* et Ilifenie Regis & Regine Fidei Defensor' &c SCdo Annoq^ Dni Millessimo sexcentessimo o&agessimo nono & per sepales prorogacoes continuat' us% ad vicesimu scdm diem OClobris Anno dci Dni & Dne Regis et Regine tercio (viz1 in tercio ejusd Parliamen* Sessione) coi oniu Diio^ tam spuat qm temporal et Coitatis consensu & Regie Majestatis assensu sancita ina&itata ordinata & stabilita fuerunt sequentia hec Statuta ad verbum ut sequitur.

CHAPTER L

An Act for granting to Their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for One Year Most Gracious Sovereigns

WEE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Comons in Parliament assembled having entred into a serious Consideration of the extraordinary Expences in which your Majesties are engaged for the necessary defence of your Realmes and for the effectual carrying on the War against France and being desirous to raise Aids and Supplies pportionable to the greatness of the Occasions have towards the ends and pposes aforesaid found it expedient to grant for one other year ctain Impositions upon Beer Ale and other Liquors and have unanimously given and granted and do hereby give and grant unto your Majesties the severall Additionall Rates Duties and Charges upon Beer Ale and other Liquors herein after exprssed and do most humbly beseech your Majesties that it may bee Enacted And bee it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Seaventeenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety one there shall be throughout this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed raised leavied collected and paid unto Their Majesties and Their Successors during the space and terme of One year coihencing from the Seaventeenth day of November aforesaid and no longer for Beer Ale Cyder and other Liquors brewed made imported or sold by way of Excise over and above all other Duties Charges and Impositions by any former Act or Acts sett and imposed the several Duties Chargs and Impositions herein after menconed and in maimer and forme following that is to say For every Barrel of Beer [or1] Ale above Six shillings the Barrel which from and after the said Seventeenth day of November and before the Five and twentieth day of July One thousand six hundred and ninety twfo shall be brewed by the comon Brewer or any other pson who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately or at Faires Wakes Chutes Bydrinkings or otherwise to be paid by the comon Brewer or such other pson or psons respectively and so pportionably for a greater or lesser quantity One shilling nine pence And for every barrell of such Beer or Ale brewed on or after the said Five and twentieth day of July and before the eighteenth day of November One thousand six hundred and ninety two, Two shillings six pence For every barrel of Beere or Ale of Six shillings the barrel or under which from and after the said Seventeenth day of November and before the Five and twentieth day of July One thousand six hundred and ninety two shall be brewed by the comon Brewer or any other pson or psons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately to be paid by the said comon Brewer or by such other pson or psons respectively as aforesaid and so pportionably for a greater or lesser quantity Three pence And for every barrel of such Beer or Ale brewed on or after the said Foure and twentieth day of July and before the said Eighteenth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety two Six pence And for every barrel of Vinegar or Vinegar beer brewed or made on or after the said Five and twentieth day of July and before the said Eighteenth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety two of any English materials by any comon Brewer or Vinegar

1 interlined on the Roll.

Rot. Parl. pt. i. rw. I.

Reasons for this Grant.

Excise upon Beer, &c. given for a Year.

Beer, 5c c. above Six Shillings per Barrel, brewed after 17th Nov. before 25th July.

Brewed on or after 25th July, and before 18th Nov. Beer, &c. under 6s. brewed after 17th Nov. before July.

Brewed on or after July, and before 18th Nov.

Vinegar-Beer brewed on or after 25th July and before 18th N'ov.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1691.

Beer, &c. imported after 17th Nov. and before July.

Beer, &c.

imported on or after July and before 18th Nov.

Cider, &c. imported on or after July and before 18th Nov.

Cider, &c. by Retail after

17th Nov. and before 25th July, on or after 25th July and before i8tl»Nov.

Methcglin, &c. on or after 25th July and before 18th Nov.

11.

Duties levied as by

12 Car. II. c. 23.

12 Car. II. c. 24.

15 Car. II. c. 11.

III.

Lodgers of Carriers, &c. deemed Retailers.

Maker or other psons for sale to be paid by the Maker thereof and so pportionably for a greater or lesser quantity One shilling For every barrel of Beere Ale or Mum [imported 1 ] after the said Seventeenth day of November and before the said Five and twentieth day of July from beyond the Seas or from the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey and so pportionably for a greater or lesser quantity [to be paid by the Importers before landing1] Three shillings And for every barrel of such Beer Ale or Mum imported on or after the said five and twentieth day of July and before the said Eightenth day- of November One thousand six hundred ninety two Six Shillings For every

Tun of Cyder or Perry imported on or after the said Five and twentieth day of July and before the said

Eighteenth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety two from beyond the Seas and so pportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importer before landing Ten shillings For every Hogshead of Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail after the said Seventeenth day of November and before the said Five and twentieth day of July One thousand six hundred and ninety two to be paid by the Retailer thereof One shilling Three pence and so pportionably for a greater or lesser Measure And for every Hogshead of Cyder and Perry made and sold as aforesaid on or after the said Five and twentieth day of July One thousand six hundred ninety and two and before the said Eighteenth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety and two Two shillings

Six pence and so pportionably for any greater or lesser Measure For all Methcglin or Mead made for sale whether

by Retaile or otherwise on or after the said Five and twentieth day of July and before the said Eighteenth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety and two to be paid by the Maker for every Gallon One penny

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the severall Rates and Duties of Excise hereby Imposed on the Liquors aforesaid shall be raised levyed collected recovered and paid unto Their Majesties and Their Successors during the terme before mentioned and in the same manner and forme and by such Rules Deductions Allowances Ways and Means and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned expWd and directed in and by one Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Yeare of the late King Charles the Second Entituled A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for the Increase of His Majesties Revenue during his Life And one other Act made in the said Twelfth yeare of the (*) late King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for Taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knight Service and Purveyance and for Settling a Revenue upon His Majesty' in lieu thereof And also in and by one other Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth year of His said late Majesties Reign Entituled An Additional! Act for the better Ordering and Colleding the Duty of Excise and pVenting the Abuses therein Or in one Act of Parliament made in the First yeare of the Raigne of their psent Majesties Entituled An Act for an Additional Duty of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors Or by [any '] Law now in force relateing to the Revenue of Excise

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid That all psons who do or shall usually entertain or lodge any Waggoners Carriers Strangers or Wayfaring Men shall be taken and esteemed Retailers within the meaning of this Act

IV.

Private Person brewing where there is a Common Brewer, unless he has brewed within a Year;

Penalty <,£'20.

Proviso for such Person having brewed within the Year removing.

V.

Justices of Peace, &c. may ail upon Informations about Excise.

Persons refusing to attend, See.

Penalty.

VI.

Penalties how recovered.

And that Their Majesties may not be pVented of the Duties hereby granted by any Fraudf or Practices to lessen the same Be it further Enacted That no pson or psons (Except Victuallers Retailers and Comon Brewers) Inhabiting in any markett Towne or in any City or Suburbs of the same or in any Towne Corporate or in parts adjoyning to any City or Suburbs Towne Corporate or Markett Towne where there is or shall be a Coinon Brewer or Brewers) [Brewing1] makeing or selling Strong Beere or Ale and Small Beer who within the space of One yeare next before the Seventeenth of November in the year One thousand six hundred and ninety did not brew or make the strong Beer small Beer or Ale drunk consumed spent or sold in his or their respective Houses Outhouses or other places shall not during the Terme aforesaid brew or make any strong Beer strong Ale small Beer or Ale to be drunk consumed or spent in his or their respective Houses or Families under pain to forfeit for every such offence Twenty pounds Provided That in case any pson within the space of a year before the said Seventeenth day of November One thousand six hundred and ninety did usually brew the strong Beer small Beer and Ale drunk and spent in the House or Houses where he and his Family have inhabited for the use of himselfe and his Family and shall remove his Family to any other House It shall and may be lawfull to and

for such pson to brew his owne Ale or Beer as hee did before and not be liable to the said Penalty

And bee it further Enacted That it shall and may be Lawfull to and for the Comissioners of Excise and

Justices of Peace respectively upon any Informacdn exhibited before them for any ofTence comitted against the

Laws of Excise to Suiiion any pson or psons (other then the Partie or Parties accused) to appear before them at a certain day time and place to be inserted in such Suinons and to give evidence for discovery of the matter in controversie before them and in case of neglect or refusal to appear or if upon appearance such pson or psons shall refuse to give Evidence when hee shall be thereunto required Every such pson soe makeing default shall forfeit and lose for every such offence any Summe or SuiTies of Money not exceeding fourty shillings to be imposed recovered leavied and disposed in manner as herein after is mcncbned

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Fines Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act Imposed shall be sued for recovered and leavied by such Ways Means and Methods as any other Fine Penalty or horseiture is or may be Recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise or by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Inforinacbn in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster And that one Moiety of such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be to their Majesties their Heires and Successors and the other Moiety to him or them thatt shall discover informe or sue for the same

• Rcigne of the said O.

interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

253

Provided always and be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That upon any pson or psons Exporting any sort of strong Beer strong Ale Cyder or Mum according to the true intent and meaning and pursuant to the Direccbns of an Act made in the First year of their Majesties Reign [Intituled'] An Act for the Exportacbn of Beer Ale Cyder and Mum The Comissioners and Officers of Excise where the Entry thereof shall be made are required to make allowance or Repay aswell the additional duty of Excise by this Act imposed upon all such Beer Ale Cyder and Mum as the duty in the said Act mentioned unto the Brewer or maker thereof within one Month after such exportacbn deducting the three pence per Tun for the charges of their Officers by the said before mentioned Act directed to be deducted

And to the end Their Majesties may be duly answered the Rates and Duties hereby granted and intended in the pportions designed Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Brewer or Victualler who doth or shall sell and deliver Beer or Ale to any of their Customers in Cask do or shall without giving notice to the Supvisor or Gauger appointed for the place and Division where such Brewer or Victualler doth or shall inhabit cleanse carry off or convey away any part of his or their Guile ot Beer or Ale before the whole of such Guile shall be brewed of and be in the Tuns Backs or Coolers and untill such Officers shall or might have taken an account of the same and of the distinct Qualities thereof in their respective Vessels At which time the Brewer or Victualler or his or their Servants working the same in case he or they intend to make a party Guile thereof shall declare to such Gauger or Officer how much thereof hee intends to make into strong Beer or strong Ale and how much into small upon penalty of forfeiting Twenty shillings for every Barrel of Beer Ale or Worts hee shall soe cleanse carry of or convey away over and above the Penalties already imposed for conveying away or concealing Beer or Ale And in case such Brewer or Victualler or their respective Servants brewing such Beer or Ale shall refuse to declare to such Officers how much of their Guile or Brewing they intend to make into strong Beer or Ale and how much into small It shall be lawfull for such Officer to retume and charge the whole of such Guile to be strong and such Brewer or Victualler shall pay the Duties thereof accordingly And in case after such Gauge taken or Declaracbn made such Brewer or Victualler shall make any increase of the strong Drink so gauged or declared by any ways or means whatsoever such Increase shall be deemed and taken to be and pceed from mixing small Beer with such strong Beer or Ale and such Brewer or Victualler shall forfeit 'Twenty shillings for every barrel so increased over and above the Penalties already imposed for mixing small Beer with strong and so pportionably And further that if any Brewer Victualler or Retailer shall out of the Brewhouse or Place of Brewing start or mix any small Beer or small Worts with or amongst strong Beer strong Ale or strong Worts in Cask such Brewer Victualler or Retailer so doing shall forfeit and lose for every such offence Twenty shillings

Provided always and be it Enacted Thatt the duty of Excise granted by this Act shall be charged on and paid by the Coiiion Brewer and not by the Retailer or Spender save only where the Retailer brews for retailing in his owne House or Houses and doth not buy his Drinke of any Coiiion Brewer any thing in this Act or any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided always and be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this Act or any Clause or pviso therein contained shall not continue or be of force longer then [for1] the said Terme of One year Comencing from the said Seventeenth day of November One thousand six hundred and ninety one other then for the levying and collecting the Arrears of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act which shall be unpaid at the end of the said Terme and for the levying such Fines Forfeitures and Penalties imposed by vertue of this Act as shall not be levied and paid before the end of the said Terme

And forasmuch as the Collectors Supvisors Gaugers and other Officers of the said Excise and Officers concerned therein by reason of the greatness of the said Duty and the extraordinary Powers they have given them in charging or raising the same being resident in most parts of the Kingdom where Elections of Members to serve in Parliament are made have very frequently either by threats or pinises soe pvailed upon severall Electors that they have absolutely been debarred of the freedom of giving their Votes which according to the knowne constitutions of this Kingdom every pson ought to have and enjoy when hee is to choose his representative For remedy of which mischief Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the Second day of February One thousand six hundred ninety one every Collector Supvisor Gauger or other Officer concerned in the charging collecting or managing the said Duty of Excise that shall either by letter or message or word of mouth endeavor to pswade

any Elector to give or disswade any Elector from giving his Vote for any pson or psons that shall be put m

nomination to be elected a Member or Members of Parliament shall for soe doing forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds one moiety thereof to the Informer and the other [moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such offence shall be comitted to be recovered in any of their Majesties Courts of Record by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or

Informacon wherein no Wagei of Law pteftion or Essoign or more then one imparlance shall be allowed And

further That every pson or psons that shall be convicted in any such Action Bill Plaint or Informacbn of the said Offence shall immediately from and after such conviction be disabled and incapable of ever after executing any Office or Place concerning the said Duty of Excise

And it is hereby declared and Enacted That true Notes in writing of the last Gauges made or taken by the said Gaugers shall be left by them with all Brewers Makers or Retailers of Beer Ale or other exciseable Liquors respectively or some of their Servants at the times of their taking the said Gauges Obtaining the quantity and quality of the Liquors so gauged upon penalty' of Fourty shillings for every offence and neglect of the said Gauger or Gaugers

VII. Allowance upon Exportation of Mum, &c. iW.Hl. Sess. i. C. 22.

VIII.

Brewer not to carry away Part of liis Guile without Notice, and before the whole be finished

Penalty.

Brewer, &c. refusing to make Declaration to Officer.

Officer to charge the whole as strong, or if any Increase of strong Drink after Gauge, &c.

Penalty.

Mixing;

Penalty 20s.

IX.

Excise charged upon the Common Brewer.

X.

Continuance of

a a.

XI.

Recital that Officers of Excise have meddled in Elections for Parliament.

Any such Officer, either by Letter or otherwise, so meddling;

Penalty j^ioo.

Disability.

XII. Gaugers to give Notes to Brewer, &c. of their last Gauges.

Penalty 40s.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 169).

3° Gul. & Mak. c. 2.

Rot. Parl. ft. I. nu. 2.

2 Eli/., c. I. I.

The Oath made in Ireland, 2 Eliz. c. 1.1.abrogated.

II.

The Persons who are bound to take the new Oaths.

Persons within Thirty Miles of Dublin to take them in the Chancery or King's Bench; Persons above Thirty Miles off, in the Sessions;

and also repeat the Declaration.

Fee.

Clergyman not taking the Oaths, &c.

Penalty.

Other Persons offending;

Penalty.

m.

Barristers, &c. to take the Oaths before admitted to Practice.

All Persons who were to take the abrogated Oath, to take this and the Declaration.

IV.

No Member of either House of Parliament shall sit before he has taken the new Oath and Declaration.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the Abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland and Appointing other Oaths

WHEREAS by a Statute made in Ireland in the Second yeare of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lady Queen Elizabeth Entituled An Act Restoring to the Crowne the Ancient Jurisdiction over the [Estate*3 F.cclesiasticall and Spirituall and abolishing all Foreign Power repugnant to the same the psons therein mentioned are thereby obliged to take the Oath in the said Act expssed Be it Enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Coinons in this plsent Parliament Assembled and by the Authority of the same That from henceforth no pson whatsoever residing in Ireland shall be obliged to take the said Oath by force or vertue of the said recited Statute or any other Statute whatsoever But that the said Statute and every other Statute for so much only as concerns the said Oath shall be and are hereby repealed utterly abrogated and made void

And be it further Enacted That the Oaths appointed intended or required by this Act to be taken from and after the First day of January next in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one be taken by the psons herein and hereafter meneoned and by every such other pson and psons as were appointed and required by the said recited Ael or any other Statute whatsoever made in Ireland to take the said Abrogated Oath before such pson or psons and in such Court as hereafter in this Act is expssed (that is to say) all and every Archbishop and Bishop of the Realm of Ireland that now is and all and every pson of or above the Degree of a Baron of Parliament there and all and every other pson and psons Inhabitants of or residing within the said Realm of Ireland now having any pmotion office or imployment Ecclesiasticall Civil or Military or receiving any Pay Salary Fee or Wages by reason of any Patent or Grant of their Majesties or [any of1] their pdecessors or being Master Governor Head or Fellow of the Col ledge or University of Dublin or 'Master of any Hospitall or School or Barrester at Law Clerke in Chancery Attorney or pfessor of Law Physick or other Science that shall inhabit be or reside within the City of Dublin or within thirty miles of the same on the First day of Hillary Terme next or at any time during the said Terme in their Majesties High Court of Chancery in that Kingdom or in the Courte of Kings Bench there in publick and open Court between the hours of nine of the Clock and twelve in the Forenoon and all the said persons which inhabite at greater distance from the said Citty at the Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden for that [County1] Barony or Place in Ireland aforesaid where he or they shall bee or reside in open Court between the [sdl] hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon at any time before the Five and twentieth day of July next And shall likewise make and subscribe and audibly repeat the Declaration herein and hereafter meneoned and exposed all which shall be put on Record in the said respective Courts And every pson taking the same shall pay to the Clerk for recording thereof one Shilling and no more And if any Archbishop or Bishop or any other pson having any Ecclesiasticall Dignity or pmotion or being a Lecturer or Curate shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths and make and subscribe the said Declaracon as aforesaid Then hee or they shall be ipso facto deprived and is and are hereby adjudged to be deprived of his and their Offices Dignities and pmotions Ecclesiasticall and incapable to be Lecturer or Curate in any place or cure whatsoever And all and every other pson having any Office or receiving any Pay Salary Fee or Wages by reason as aforesaid or being Master Governor Head or Fellow of the said University or Colledge or Master of any Hospital

or School Barrester at Law Clerk in Chancery Attorney or pfessor of Law Physick or other Science as aforesaid

that shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths and make and subscribe the said Declaracon within the time and in the manner aforesaid respectively shall be ipso facto thenceforth adjudged uncapable and disabled in Law to all intents and purposes whatsoever to have occupy or enjoy such Office Pay Salary Fee Wages Mastershipp Governors Place Headship Fellowship Imployment or Imployments or any parte of them or any matter or thing aforesaid or any pfitt or advantage appteyning to them or any of them and ever)' such Office and Place shall be void and is [hereby1] adjudged to be void

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every pson that shall become a Barrester at Law Attorney Clerk or Officer in Chancery or any other Court their Deputie or Deputies or shall succeed or pra&ise as such in Ireland at any time after the last day of Hillary Terme next shall and is hereby required to take the said Oaths and make and subscribe the said Declaracon in the Court of Kings Bench at Dublin in open Court

in Terme time between the hours aforesaid to be Recorded as aforesaid before he shall be admitted to enjoy or

exercise any place or Office or to practise or plead in any Court of Law or Equity or in any other Court of Record or not of Record And that all psons that shall after the First day of March next be admitted into any Office or Imployment Ecclesiasticall or Civil or come into any capacity in respect or by reason whereof they should have been obliged to take the said Abrogated Oath in the said recited Act. meneoned shall take the said Oaths and make and subscribe the said Declaracon hereby appointed hereafter exposed in such manner at such times and before such psons as they should or ought to have taken the said former Oath by Vertue of the said recited Act in case the same had not been hereby abrogated as aforesaid

And for as much as great disquiet and maDy dangerous attempts have been made to deprive their Majesties and their Royall pdecessors of the said Realme of Ireland by the libty wrhich the Popish Recusants there have had and taken to sit & vote in Parliament Bee it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from & after the last day of January next no pson that now is or shall be hereafter a Peer of that Realme or Member of the House of Peers there shall vote or make his Proxy in the said House of Peers or sit there during any Debate

1 State 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 169X.

3° Gul. <& Mar. c. (2.

255

in the said House nor any pson that after the said last day of January shall be a Member of the House of Comons shall be capable to Vote in the said House or Sit there during any debate in the same after their Speaker is chosen until hee first take the Oaths herein and hereafter mencbned and exposed and make subscribe and audibly repeat this Declaracbn following

I A.B. Do solemnley and sincerely in the fPsence of God pfess testifie and declare That I do beleevc That in the Sacrament of the Lords Supper there is not any Transubstantiation of the Elements of Bread and Wine into the Body and Bloud of Christ at or after the Consecration thereof by any pson whatsoever And that the Invocation or Adoration of the Virgin Mary or any other Saint and the Sacrifice of the Mass as they are now used in the Church of Rome are Superstitious and Idolatrous. And I do solemnley in the p>sence of God pfesse testifie and declare That I do make this Declaracbn and every part thereof in the plain and ordinary sense of the Words read unto mee as they are comonly understood by Protestants without any Evasion Equivocaebn or Mental Reservation whatsoever and without any Dispensation already granted me for this purpose by the Pope or any other Authority or pson whatsoever or without any hope [of any such'] Dispensation from any pson or Authority whatsoever or without beleiving that I am or can be acquitted before God or Man or absolved of this Declaracbn or any parte thereof although the Pope or any other pson or psons or power whatsoever [should1] dispense with or annul the same or declare that it was null and void from the begining

Which saith Oaths and Declaration shall be in the next and every succeeding Parliament to be held in Ireland solemnley and publickley made and subscribed betwixt the hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon by every such Peer and Member of the House of Peers there at the table in the middle of the said House before he take his place in the said House of Peers and whilst a full House of Peers is there psent and their Speaker in his Place and by every such Member of the House of Commons at the Table in the middle of the said House and whilst a full House of Comons is there duly sitting with their Speaker in his Chair and that the same be done in either House in such like order or method as whereby each House is called over respectively and during the making and subscribing thereof and taking the said Oaths all busines and debates in either House respectively shall cease And the Clerke of such House respectively is hereby required to Record the same in Rolls fPpared for that purpose and every Member of either House shall pay to such respective Clerk for Recording thereof One shilling and no more

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any pson that now is or hereafter shall be a Peer of Ireland or Member of the House of Peers or Member of the House of Comons there or that shall become a Barrester at Law Attorney Clerk or Officer in Chancery or any other Court and all and every Deputie or Deputies in any Office whatsoever shall p*sume to offend contrary to this Act that then every such Peer and Member and such other pson and psons so offending shall be thenceforth disabled to hold or execute any Office or Place of pfitt or Trust [Civil Ecclesiasticall1 ] or Military in any of their Majesties Realmes of Ireland or England or Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed or in any of their Majesties Islands or Foreigne Plantations to the said Realms belonging and shall be disabled from thenceforth to sitt or vote in either House of Parliament of the said Realm of Ireland or make a Proxy in the House of Peers there or to sue or use any Accbn Bill Plaint or Informacbn in course of Law or to psecute any Suit in any Court of Equity or to be Guardian of any Child or Executor or Administrator of any pson or capable of any Legacy or Deed of Guift and shall forfeit for every wilfull offence against this A & the Sum of Five hundred pounds to be recovered and

received by him her or them that will sue for the same by any Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacbn

in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Dublin wherein no Essoign ptection or Wager of Law shall lie or be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance

And be it further Enabled That the Oaths that are intended and required to be taken by this Act are the Oaths in these exjpsse Words hereafter following

I A.B. do sincerely pmise and Swear That I will be Faithfull and bear true Allegiance to Their Majesties King William and Queen Mary Soe help me God &c

| A. B. do Swear That I do from my Heart abhor detest and abjure as Impious and Hereticall that damnable

Doctrine and Position That Princes Excomunicated or Deprived by the Pope or any Authority of the See of

Rome may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects or any other whatsoever And I do Declare that no Foreign Prince pson Prelate State or Potentate hath or ought to have any Jurisdicdbn Power Supiority ^eminence or Authority Ecclesiasticall or Spirituall within this Realm Soe help me God &c.

Provided always and be it Enacted That this Act shall not extend to any pson now Chaplain Secretary or Attendant to any of their Majesties Ambassadours Envoys Ministers or Residents in any Foreigne Courts or Preacher to any English Factory or to any Chaplains in their Majesties Service by Sea or Land out of the Kingdom of Ireland so as they take the Oaths and make and subscribe the said Declaracbn hereby required within three Months after their retume nor to any other pson of the Protestant Religion now in office or place of trust or pfitt out of the kingdoms of Ireland or England who shall returne into the said Realm of Ireland and take the same at any time before the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety two in the Court of Kings Bench there the next Terme after their respective arrival in that Kingdom Provided always That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the takeing away the Office or Place of Vice Treasurer of Ireland from Wittm Harbord Esq> who is now imployed by their Majesties as their Ambassadour Extraordinary to

The Declaration.

How Oaths, &c. to be taken by Peers and Members.

Clerk of each House to record the same.

Fee.

V.

Peers, Members of Parliament, Barristers, &c. offending

Punishment.

Penalty *£500.

VI.

Form of the Oaths.

VII.

Persons to whom this Act shall not extend.

Proviso for W. Harbord, holding the Place of Vice Treasurer of Ireland.

2.56

A.D. 1691.

VIII.

Irish Archbishops, &c. being in England at Hilar)' Term 1691, shall take the Oaths here, and likewise in Ireland.

Not taking the Oaths here;

Penalty.

All other Officers in Ireland, being here, shall take the Oaths here.

Penalty.

Such other Officers taking the Oath as herein, effectual as if resident in Ireland, and had taken the Oaths there.

IX.

Proviso for Persons who were in Irish Garrisons, &c. and have submitted to the King.

Barristers, &c. claiming to be exempt from taking Oaths,

&c. must make their Claim in Michaelmas Term.

Fee.

X.

Barrister, Sec. practising before he has sworn;

Penalty jgcoo, and Disability*

3° Gul. & Mar. c.2.

mediate a Peace between the Christians and the Turks but that he the said Wittm Harbord shall have liberty to take the said Oaths and subscribe the said Declaration as are directed by this psent Act any time within two Months after his return into the said Kingdom of Ireland any thing in this Abt to the contrary notwithstanding

[And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every Archbishop and Bishop in the said Realm of Ireland and every other pson and psons now having any Ecclesiasticall [ Office' ] Dignity or pmotion or being a Lecturer or Curate in the said Kingdom that shall happen to be in this Realm of England the First day of Hilaryf Term which shall be in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and one shall take the said Oaths and make subscribe and audibly repeat the said Declaration before the end of the said Terme in their Majesties Court of Chancery or in the Court of Kings Bench in this Realm of England and shall again take the said Oaths and make subscribe and audibly repeat the said Declaration before the Five and twentieth day of July which shall be in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and two in the Court of Chancery or Court of Kings Bench in the said Kingdom of Ireland in the Morning and between the hours of Nine and Twelve where the same shall bee put upon Record in the said respective Courts in manner as aforesaid And if any such Archbishop or Bishop or other pson in any Ecclesiasticall Office Dignity or Promotion or being a Lecturer or Curate in the said Kingdom of Ireland Happening to be within this Realme at the tytne aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths and [to1] make subscribe and repeat the said Declaration within either of the tymes before menconed then he or they shall be ipso fado deprived and is and are hereby adjudged to bee deprived of his or their Archbishopricks Bishopricks and Ecclesiasticall Offices Dignities and pinotions and incapable to bee Lecturer or Curate in any place or cure whatsoever And all and every other person or persons having any Office or receiving any Pay Salary Fee or Wages by reason of any Patent or Grant from their Majesties or

any of their Predecessors or being Master Governor Head of any Colledge in the University of Dublin or Master

of any Hospitall or School or Barrester at Law Clerke in Chancery Attorney or Professor of Law or Physick or other Science that shall reside or inhabitt in this Realme on the First day of the said Hilary Terme shall before the end of the said Terme take the said Oaths and make subscribe and audibly repeat the said Declaracbn in their Majesties Court of Chancery or Court of Kings Bench in this Realme of England And in case such other person or persons soe resident and inhabiting in this Realme of England shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths and make subscribe and repeat the said Declaracbn before the end of the said Hilary Terme he or they shall be ipso facto thenceforth adjudged incapable and disabled in Law to all intents and purposes whatsoever to have occupy and enjoy such Office Pay Salary Fee Wages Mastership Governors place Headship Fellowship and Imployment or Imployments or any part of them and every such office or place shall be void and is hereby

adjudged to be void and if such other pson or psons soe residing or inhabiting in the Realme of England on the

said First day of Hillary Terme shall take the said Oaths and make and subscribe the said Declaration as aforesaid it shall be as effectuall to all intents and purposes as if he or they had been then resident in Ireland and had in manner and in the time before menconed taken the said Oaths and made subscribed and repeated the said Declaracbn in any of the said Courts of the said Realme of Ireland

Provided ahvays that this Act or any thing herein conteined shall not extend to hinder or disable any pson or psons who on the Third of October One thousand six hundred ninety one were inhabiting or residing in Lymerick or any other Garison then in the possession of the Irish or any Officers or Souldiers then in Arms by vertue of any Comission of the late King James or those authorized by him to grant the same in the severall Counties of Lymerick Clare Kerry Cork and Mayow or any of them or any comissioned Officers then in their Majesties Quarters that did belong to the Irish Regiments then in being or were then treated with or who were not Prisoners of War and who had not then taken pte&ion and have since returned and submitted to their Majesties Obedience from using exercising and practising his or their protfession or calling of Barrester at Law Clerk in Chancery or Attorney or Practicer of Law or Physick but they may freely use exercise and practise the same as they did in the Reign of the late King Charles the Second any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding Provided neverthelesse That every such Barrester at Law Clerk in Chancery [or1] Attorney or Prafticer of Law or Physick wrho shall claim any benefitt hereby to be exempted from taking the Oaths and makeing subscribing and repeating the Declaracbn in this AS menconed in the Court and in the manner hereby appointed shall make out his claime thereunto according to the respective Qualificacbns herein-before expressed before the Court of Kings Bench in Ireland in open Court there in Terme time between the hours of Nine and Twelve in the Morning

on or before the Last day of Michaelmas Terme next to be there allowed and Recordeded for the Entry whereof

upon Record there shall be One shilling paid and no more And in default of such claime made to be excluded from the same

Provided neverthelesse and be it Enabled that if any such pson before he hath taken the said Oath to

be faithfull and beare true Allegiance to their Majesties in the Court of Kings Bench in Ireland or at the Generali

Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the County City or Place where such pson shall inhabit and procured the same to be Recorded and obtained the Certificate thereof shall use exercise or practise such his calling or profession shall forfeit the sume of Five hundred pounds to such person as will sue for the same in any of their Majesties Courts of Record in Ireland by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacbn wherein no Essoign pte£tion or Wager of Law shall be allowed And further such pson so using or exercising his pfession or Calling shall be adjudged uncapable ever to use or exercise the said pfession or Calling

1 interlined on the Roll.

* O. omits.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.2,3.

257

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for two or more Justices of the Peace whereof one shall be of [the'] Quorum within any County City or Towne Corporate in the said Kingdom of Ireland and they are hereby required to direct their Warrant or Warrants to any Constable Tithingman Headborough or other Officer to Sumon any pson of the age of Eighteen yeares or upwards to appear before such Justices at such time and place as shall be menconed in such Warrant to take the Oath before menconed to be faithfull and bear true Allegiance to their Majesties And if such pson [being*] soe sumoned shall not appear at the time and place having no lawfull let or impediment or appearing shall refuse to take the said Oath being tendred to him or her by the said Justices the said Justices shall comitt such pson makeing default or refusing to take the said Oath to the coition Goal or House of Correction there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the space of Three Months unlesse such offender shall pay down to the Justices or any of them such some of Money not exceeding Fourty shillings as [they1] the said Justices shall require such offender to pay which Money shall be paid to the Church Wardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place where such offender did last inhabitt And at some time after the end of three Months after such default oi refusal two or more of such Justices as aforesaid shall have power and are hereby [required1] to direct their Warrant in manner as aforesaid to sumon such offender to appear before them to take the said Oath And if such offender shall be sumoned and make default at the time and place appointed not having any lawfull lett or impediment or appearing shall refuse to take the said Oath being tendred to him or her the said Justices shall comitt such offender to the coihon Gaol or House of Correcc&n there to remain for the space of Six Months without Bail or Mainprize unlesse such offender shall pay down to the said Justices or any of them such Suine of Money not exceeding Ten pounds nor under Five pounds as the said Justices shall require which said Money shall be disposed of to the releife of the Poor of such Parish or Place in manner as aforesaid and unlesse such offender shall become bound with two sufficient Sureties with condition to appear at the next Assizes or General Goal delivery to be holden

for such County where such offender shall inhabitt or reside and in the mean time to be of the Good Behavior

At which Assizes or Goal Delivery the said Oath shall be tendred to such offender by the Justices of Assize or Generali Goal Delivery in their open Assizes or Sessions And if upon such tender such offender shall refuse to take the said Oath he shall incur the Danger and Penalty of Premunire mentioned in the Statute of Premunire in the Sixteenth Yeare of the Reigne of King Richard the Second except Women Covert who upon refusal of the said Oath shall be by the said Justices of Assize in their open Assize or General Goal Delivery coihitted

only to the Comon Goal there to remain without Bail or Mainprize till they will take the said Oath.

XI.

Justices of Peace to give the Oath of Allegiance to all Persons of Eighteen and upwards.

Persons refusing. Penalty upon first Refusal;

Penalty upon Second Refusal.

How disposed of.

Third Refusal.

Premunire, i6R.il. c. 5. Punishment of Femes Covert refusing.

Provided neverthelesse That whereas there are certain Dissenters in Ireland conionly called Quakers who xil.

scruple the taking any Oath It shall be sufficient for every such Dissenter he or she producing a Certificate under the Hands and Seales of Six or more sufficient Men of the Congregation to which he or she belongs owning him Quakers in place or her for one of them to make and subscribe the following Declaracftn t,ie 0atbs‘

I A.B. do sincerely pmise and solemnely declare before God and the World That I will be True and Faithfull to King William and Queen Mary And I do solemnly Professe and Declare That I do from my Heart abhorr detest and renounce as Impious and Heretical that damnable Dotfrine and Position That Princes Excommunicated or Deprived by the Pope or any Authority of the See of Rome may bee deposed or murdered by their Subjects or any other whatsoever And I do declare That no Foreign Prince pson Prelate State or Potentate hath or ought [to have'] any Power Jurisdiccon Supiority Preeminence or Authority Ecclesiasticall or Spirituall within this Realme

And every such Dissenter so Subscribing shall be and is hereby exempted from the Penalties menconed in Exemption from this Act PeMhies-

4

Provided neverthelesse That no such pson called Quaker shall by such Declaracon and Subscription be capable , . XIII. to take have or hold any Office Imployment Place Pay Salary Fee Grant Wages or any other Place of Profitt tiont%» not'make or Trust whereunto any pson takeing the said Oaths and makeing and subscribing the Declaracon in the Courts Q*j^ecapable aforesaid shall or may be Entituled Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding *]

Provided always and be it Enacted That this Act shall not be dispensed with by any Warrant or Letters ^ ^IVjt Patents under the Great Seal of England or Ireland but that all such Warrants and Clauses of Dispensation thereof dispensed with by-in any such Warrants or Letters Patents are hereby declared to be null and void and of noe effect Any Law Letters Patent, &c. Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

CHAPTER III.

An Act for the better Ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax.

WHEREAS the Sowing of Hemp and Flax is and would be exceeding beneficial to England by reason of the multitude of People that are and would be employed in the manufacturing of those two materials and therefore do justly deserve great encouragement And whereas the manner of Tything Hemp and Flax is exceeding difficult creating thereby grievous chargeable and vexatious Suits and Animosities between Parsons Vicars Impropriators and their Parishioners For remedying whereof Be it Enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this

' interlined on the Roll. 2 O. omits. s annexed to the Original AS in separate Schedules.

Rot. Parl. pt. 1. nu. 3.

Reasons for passing this AS.

4s. per Acre to be paid for Tithe of Flax or Hemp, to be recovered as other Tithes.

3U

A.D. 16.91.

258

II.

Proviso for Modus, &c.

III.

Continuance of Act.

Rot. Pari pt. i.

»u. 4.

1 W. & M. Seas. 1. c. 34. recited.

2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 14. recited.

Recital that Two Ships laden with Bay Salt of France are in the Port of Dover.

The said Bay Salt on board the said Ships condemned, or if condemned as Prize, to be used for the Navy.

II.

Commissioners for Victualling the Navy to pay for the said Salt.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 3, 4.

psent Parliament Assembled and by the Authority of the same That from and after the Second day of February which shall be in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and one all and all manner of psons that shall sow or cause to be sowne any Hemp or Flax in any Parish or place in the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed shall pay or cause to be paid to every Parson Vicar or Imppriator of any such Parish or Place yearely and every yeare for each Acre of Hemp or Flax so sown pulled or drawn a constant annual some of Money not exceeding Four shillings before the same be carried of the Ground and soe p*portionably for more or lesse Ground so sowne and pulled or drawne as aforesaid For the Recovery of which Sum or Sumes of Money the Parson Vicar or Impropriator shall have the coition and usual remedy allowed of by the Laws of England

Provided that this A ft or any thing therein contained shall not extend to charge any Lands discharged by any Modus Decimandi ancient composition or otherwise discharged of Tythes by Law

Provided that this Law shall continue for Seaven years and [to the end'] of the next Session of Parliament after the said Seaven yeares are expired

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for Preserving Two Ships Lading of Bay Salt taken as Prize for the Benefitt of Their Majesties Navy

WHEREAS by an Act made in the First Yeare of Their Majesties Reigne F.ntituled An Act for Prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France It was amongst other things Provided That from and after the Four and twentieth Day of August therein mentioned no French Wines Vinegar Brandy Linen Silks Salt Paper or any other Goods or Comodities whatsoever of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King should dureing the time in the said Act limitted be brought in by Land or Imported in any Ship or Ships Vessel or Vessels whatsoever into any Port Haven Creek or other Place whatsoever in the Kingdoms of England or Ireland the Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed or Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sark or Isle of Man from any Place or Port whatsoever And that if any such Goods or other Comodities of the Growth p>dust or Manufacture of France or of the Territories or Dominions of the French King should be imported contrary to the said Act they should be staved spilt destroyed or burnt in such manner as is by the said Act directed And whereas by another Act made in the Second Yeare of Their Majesties Reigne Entituled An Act for the more Effeduall putting in Execucon an Act [intituled An Aft1] for Prohibiting all Trade [or1] Comerce with France thereby reciting the said former Act It is amongst other

things provided That if any Officer or Officers of the Customes or Prizes should wilfully or knowingly suffer

any of the said Goods Comodities or Manufactures imported as Prizes or otherwise contrary to the said Act to

be admitted to an Entry or to be imbezelled and not staved spilt burnt or destroyed in such manner as by

the said first Recited Ad is directed Every such Officer or Officers should (being thereof lawfully c onvided) forfeit the Suihe of Five hundred pounds and alsoe should for ever afterwards be incapable of having or executing any Office in Their Majesties Revenue And whereas there are now in Their Majesties Harbour of Dover two Vessels Laden with Bay Salt of the Product of France and brought in there as Prizes The one called the Unicome of the Burden of Three hundred Tuns or thereabouts & taken by Captain William Young and Captain Henry Martin or one of them The other called the Half Moon and taken by Captain Joseph Phines The first whereof is already condemned as Prize Now forasmuch as the said Bay Salt will be of present Use for the preserving of Viduals to be provided for Their Majesties Navy whereby it will be more for Their Majesties Service and the Interest of the Kingdom That the -said Bay Salt so brought in and imported in the said two Vessels before menconed be preserved and applied to the Use and Purpose aforesaid then that the same should be burnt and destroyed as is directed by the said Act Be it therefore Enacted by the King and Queens Most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in Parliament Assembled and by the Authority of the same That the said Bay Salt now being and remaining in the said Vessel called the Unicom and which is already condemned as Prize; As also the said Bay Salt being and remaining in the said Vessell called the Half Moon if the same shall be condemned as lawful Prize shall be applied and disposed for the Use and Service of Their Majesties Navy And for that purpose shall be delivered unto the Comissioners for the Victualling of Their Majesties Navy or to some or one of them or to such pson or psons as shall be Authorized by the said Comissioners or any three of them to receive the same to be Applied for the Use and Service of Their Majesties Navy and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever and shall not be burnt or destroyed as in and by the said recited Acts is directed And that no Forfeiture Penalty or Disability shall be incurred by any pson or psons for or by reason thereof Any thing in the [said recited1] Aftf contained or any other Act Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That upon Delivery of the said Bay Salt to the said

Comissioners for the Victualling of Their Majesties Navy as aforesaid It shall and may be lawfull to and for

the said Comissioners to pay for the same unto the said pson or psons by whom the said Vessel or Vessels were

severally taken as aforesaid any Sume or Sumes of Money not exceeding the Rate and Price of One shilling and

1 interlined on the Roll.

and, in the King's Printer's Copy.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 4, 5.

259

Six pence [for each Bushell1 ] or of Three pounds for every Wey of the said Salt and to Charge the same to [Their Majesties Account which is thereupon to be allowed Any thing in the said Recited Acts or any other Act Statute or Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided always and be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any pson or psons shall dispose of any of the Salt before mentioned for any other Use or Uses then for the Victualling of Their Majesties Navy as is herein before menconed such pson and psons shall forfeit for every Bushel of such Salt so disposed of contrary to the Intent aforesaid the Sum of Twenty shillings to be Recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or InformacSn in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein no Essoigir [Pte&ion or Wager of Law nor any more then one Imparlance shall be allowed one Moyety of such Forfeiture shall be to Their Majesties the other Moyety to him or them that will sue for the same

CHAPTER V.

An Act for Granting an Aid to Their Majesties of the Suihe of Sixteene hundred fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pounds eighteen shillingf towards the Carrying on a Vigorous Warre against France.

Most Gracious Sovereigns

WEE Your Majesties Most Dutifull and Loyall Subjedf the Commons in Parliament Assembled being deeply Sensible of the abundant Care Wisdome and Resolution with which Your Majesties have defended and Preserved these Kingdomes against the Opposition of Open and Secret Enemies and being Resolved Effectually to Support Your Government and Assist Your Majesties for the vigorous carrying on the Warre against France, have towards the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, Cheerefully and Unanimously Given and Granted unto Your Majesties the Rates and Assessmentf hereafter mentioned And wee doe humbly beseech Your Majesties That itt may be Enacted And be itt Enacted by the King and Queenes most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Conions in this present Parliament Assembled and by the Authority of the same That the Suine of Sixteene hundred fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pounds eighteene shillingf shall be raised levyed and paid unto Theire Majesties in manner following That is to say The Suine of One hundred thirty seven thousand six hundred forty one pounds eighteene shillingf and two pence by the Moneth for Twelve Moneths beginning from the Five and twentieth Day of December in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and one shall be assessed taxed levyed and paid by Foure Quarterly Payments in the severall Counties Cityes Boroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwick upon Tweed according to the Proportions following (Viz*) For each of the said Twelve Moneths

For the County of Bedford the Suine of One thousand seven hundred ninety three pounds fifteene shillingf six pence

For the County of Berks the Sume of Two thousand two hundred sixty foure pounds thirteene sliillings two pence

For the County of Bucks the Sume of Two thousand six hundred and thirty pounds twelve shillings tenne pence

For the County of Cambridge the Sume of Two thousand and fourty pounds

The Isle of Ely the Sume of Six hundred ninety nine pounds fifteene shillingf ten pence

The County of Chester the Suine of One thousand foure hundred ninety five pounds fourteene shillings foure

pence

The City and County of the City of Chester the Sume of One hundred and six pounds sixteene shillingf eight pence

The County of Cornwall the Suine of Three thousand eighty one pounds sixteene shillings six pence The County of Cumberland the Sume of Three hundred thirty six pounds twelve shillingf two pence The County of Derby the Sume of One thousand seven hundred twenty foure pounds sixteene shillingf eight pence

The County of Devon the Sume of Six thousand foure hundred fifty nine pounds eighteene shillings foure pence.

The City and County of the City of Exeter the Sume of Two hundred thirty two pounds fourteene shillingf eight pence

The County of Dorsett the Sume of Two thousand six hundred eighty nine pounds and ten pence The Towne and County of Poole the Summe of Twenty one pounds ninetcene shillingf foure pence The County of Durham the Sume of Six hundred fourty seven pounds thirteene shillingf six pence The County of Yorke with the City and County of the City of Yorke and the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull the Sume of Six thousand nine hundred thirty eight pounds ten shillings foure pence The County of Essex the Suihe of Six thousand one hundred ninety six pounds seventeene shillingf and eight pence

The County of Gloucester the Suihe of Ihree thousand six hundred seventeene pounds and six pence The City and County of the City of Gloucester the Sume of Seaventy eight pounds sixteen shillingf

hi.

Disposing of the said Salt For any other Use;

Penalty 2os.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3.

Grant of

5^1,651,702. 18s. to be raised in the Counties and Places, and in the Proportions, herein mentioned.

‘ interlined on the Roll.

260

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

A.D.\S9\.

II.

Commissioners

named.

The County of Hereford the Sume of Two thousand two hundred sixty three pounds six shillingf and eight pence

The County of Hertford the Suine of Two thousand six hundred ninety one pounds twelve shillingf and six pence

The County of Huntington the Suine of One thousand two hundred sixty seven pounds eight shillingf and foure pence

The County of Kent with the City and County of the City of Canterbury the Suine of Six thousand six hundred fifty three pounds seventeene shillingf foure pence

The County of Lancaster the Suine of Two thousand and thirteene pounds seven shillingf The County of Leicester the Suine of Two thousand one hundred sixty nine pounds eight shillingf six pence The County of Lincolne with the City and County of the City of Lincolne the Suine of Five thousand one hundred fifty pounds foure shillingf

The City of London with the Liberties of St Martins le Grand the Sume of Eight thousand five hundred eighty three pounds two shillingf eight pence

The County of Middlesex with the City and Liberty of Westminster the Sume of Six thousand eighty one pounds

The County of Monmouth the Suine of Seven hundred and eighty pounds

'Hie County of Northampton the Sume of Two thousand eight hundred twenty seven pounds sixteene shillingf foure pence

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the Sume of One thousand seven hundred fourty six pounds sixteene shillingf

The County of Norfolke the Sume of Six thousand seven hundred fourty one pounds foure shillingf The City and County of the City of Norwich the Sume of Three hundred sixty pounds

The County of Northumberland with the Towne of Newcastle and Berwick upon Tweed the Sume of Seaven hundred fourty five pounds eleaven shillingf foure pence

The County of Oxon the Sume of Two thousand two hundred seventy one pounds one shilling foure pence The County of Rutland the Sume of Foure hundred eighty pounds seventeene shillings and ten pence The County of Salop the Sume of Two thousand foure hundred and seven pounds eight shillingf foure pence The County of Stafford the Sume of One thousand seven hundred and five pounds three shillingf foure pence The City and County of the City of Litchfeild the Sume of Twenty six pounds

The County of Somersett the Sume of Five thousand five hundred fourty three pounds one shilling foure pence The City and County of the City of Bristoll the Sume of three hundred ninety eight pounds sixteene shillingf eight pence

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and the Isle of Wight the Sume of Foure thousand three hundred seventy eight pounds seventeene shillingf foure pence

The County of Suftolke the Sume of Six thousand five hundred ninety seven pounds one shilling foure pence The County of Surry with the Borough of Southwark the Sume of Three thousand one hundred ninety foure pounds and foure pence

The County of Sussex the Sume of Three thousand six hundred fourty two pounds fifteene shillingf six pence The County of Warwick with the City and County of the City of Coventry the Sume of Two thousand three hundred eighty foure pounds seventeene shillingf six pence

The County of Worcester the Sume of Two thousand one hundred seven pounds eighteene shillingf The City and County of the pity of Worcester the Suine of One hundred and ten pounds nineteene shillings The County of Wilts the Sume of Three thousand nine hundred thirty three pounds fifteene shillingf two pence The County of Westmerland the Sume of Two hundred thirty two pounds

The County of Anglesey the Sume of Two hundred fifty one pounds seven shillingf foure pence The County of Brecknock the Sume of Five hundred sixty five pounds eleven pence

For the County of Cardigan the Sume of Two hundred eleven pounds eleven shillingf seven pence

The County of Carmarthen the Suine of Five hundred fourty foure pounds thirteene shillings foure pence The County of Carnarvan the Suine of Two hundred ninety three pounds foure shillingf foure pence The County of Denbigh the Sume of Foure hundred fourty seven pounds one shilling two pence The County of Flint the Sume of Two hundred thirty seven pounds fourteene shillingf eight pence The County of Glamorgan the Sume of Seaven hundred fifty seaven pounds fifteene shillingf eight pence The County of Merioneth the Sume of Two hundred and one pounds twelve shillingf two pence The County of Montgomery the Summe of Five hundred fifty three pounds foure shillingf four pence The County of Pembroke the Sume of Six hundred fifty three pounds

The County of Radnor the Sume of Three hundred fourty eight pounds thirteene shillingf foure pence

The Towne of Haverford-west the Summe of Thirty pounds six shillingf ten pence.

And bee itt further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the effectuall putting of this present Act in Execution all and every the Persons hereafter named shall bee Commissioners of and for the severall and respective Counties Cities Boroughs Townes and Places hereafter menconed.

For the County of Bedford

The Honourable Edward Russell the Honourable Robert Russell the Honourable Robert Bruce the Honourable Charles Leigh Esquires Sir John Mordant Sir William Gostwick Sir John Napier Sir John Cotton Sir Anthony

c.5.

261

Chester Sir John Burgoine Sir Rowland Alstone Sir Villiers C.harnock Sir John Osborne Baronettf Sir William Beecher Sir Francis Wingate Knightf Sir John Francklyn Sir James Astrey Masters in Chancery William Duncombe Oliver Luke William Boteler Lewis Monoux Thomas Browne Benjamin Conquest Samuell Cater Thomas Hillersdon John Osborne William Farrer the Queenes Solicitor William Foster Thomas Cheyne William Palmer Richard Stone Edward Stone John Vaux George Abbott John Cockaine William Spencer Richard Edwardf Brooke Bridges George Edwardf Thomas Bromsall Ralph Bromsall Walter Cary Robert Mountague Gains Squire Henry Astley junior Samuell Rolt Humphrey Fish Charles Gery William Farrer junior Samuell Bedford Robert Audley William Daniel Esquires Sir John Thompson John Harvey of Thurley Thomas Christie Matthew Denys William Livesay William Alstone Thomas Halfepenny Samuell Rhodes John Wagstaffe William Simcottf Nicholas Granger William Whitebread George Barnardistone Richard Orlebar of Hinwicke John Davies William Boteler of Wootton William Branderith Samuell Ironside Esquires Thomas Arnold of Ampthill William Crow George Nodes George Cobb Gentleman.

For the Towne of Bedford

The Mayor for the tyme being Thomas Hillersdon Esquire Thomas Christie Esquire William Foster Doctor of Law William Farrer Esquire Robert Bell Gentleman William Faldoe Ralph Smith William Beckett Aldermen William Manley John Hawes Gentlemen

For the County of Berkf.

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons First I.ord Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire Master of the Rolls and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Council 1 Henry Earle of Sterling of the Kingdome of Scotland Mountague Lord Norris the Honourable Bernard Granville Esquire Sir Humphrey Forster Sir John Stonehouse Sir Thomas Draper Sir William Rich Sir Henry Winchcombe Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Edmond Fettiplace Sir John Hobby Sir Anthony Craven Sir Henry Henn Sir Willoughby Aston Sir William Kendrick Sir Thomas Selyard Baronettf Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Porter Sir Robert Pye Sir Robert Sawyer Sir Algernoone May Sir Edward Norris Sir Walter Clarges Sir Christopher Wrenn Sir William Whitelock Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir George Willoughby Sir Thomas Dolman Sir Jemet Raymond Sir Thomas Travaile Knightf William Harrison Doctor in Divinity and Master of St Crosse William Stonehouse John Blandy Henry Barker Henry Nevill John Archer Richard Nevill Richard Aldworth Richard Jones William Cherry Edmund Fettiplace Tanfeild Vachell Edmund Pye Henry Kingsmill Thomas Pleadwell James Stonehouse Charles Garrard John Blagrave Loftes Brightwell Paul Calton Henry Fairfax James Paul Gifford of Monseford Charles Fettiplace Thomas Pettit Alexander Fettiplace Paul Calton

junior John Hippesley Benjamin Rudyerd John Standing Richard Pye Thomas Goodlacke Thomas Fettiplace James Perrott William Barker of Sunning Thomas Buckeridge Edmund Wiseman Henry Hey ling Simon Harcourt Roger Draper William Jenningf John Whitfeild James Hayes Edward Sherwood Edward Sawyer Baptist May Richard Southby Thomas Gunter senior Thomas Turner John Southby Thomas Southby Thomas Lee Francis White John Whitwick Thomas Dolman Thomas Seymour Thomas Tipping Roger Knight John Plummer John Tophain Richard Jenningf Christopher Willoughby William Adderley John Wallis John Holloway Robert Mayott William Angell William Thomson John Verney John Wild man senior John Wildman junior Richard Brickendon Arthur Onslow Thomas Garrard Thomas Harwood William Smith Thomas Brickendon junior Simon Smith Henry Battin Thomas Hoard Nathan Knight Bartholomew Tipping John Fincher Phillipp Weston John Edmondf Robert Lee George

Blagrave John Dean Bolton James John Peacock John Jenningf of Stanford John Dew John Dalby Richard

Knapp John Loder Thomas Loder John Pottinger of Sudbury Sebastian Lyford Edward Read Edward Lovedon Thomas Read Richard Palmer Francis Parry Richard Stephens John Pottinger of Inkpen Charles Collins David Bigg Story Barker Charleton Whitelock Moses Bruch Doctor in Physick Joseph Cowslade Ralph Howland Thomas Gunter Esquires Robert Jennings John Bigg Moses Slade Richard Skinner James Stone Charles Lush Rice Watkins Richard Paine Charles Harrison John Smith Anthony Leaver Nicholas Humphreys Charles Calverley Thomas Stephens Edward Brackston George Lamport Robert Selwood Richard Pusey John Oliver Robert Blackaller James Corderoy John Paine Thomas Hains Grove of Grove Thomas Parker Richard Fishbourne Henry

Peacock Peter Sawyer Richard Aldworth Doctor of Law Robert Mason Thomas Harrison Thomas Edmondf Richard Cooper Thomas Cowslade Simon Winch Giles Pocock John Pocock of Streatley Charles Peacock Richard Mathewes Richard Lyford Richard Pocock of Bradley John Wilder Silas Sebroe Pottenger of Burfeild

John Head of Langley John Head of Hodcott Gentlemen the Mayor of Reading the Mayor of Windsor the

Mayor of Abingdon the Mayor of Wallingford the Mayor of Newbury the Alderman of Ockingham for the

tyme being.

For the Borough of New Windsor

The Honourable Bernard Granville Esquire The Mayor for the tyme being Charles Potts William Adderley John Topham Esquires Richard Plumton Richard Hales Richard Fishbourne Francis Negus John Church George Woodson Gentlemen Robert Frith Alderman.

For the County of Bucks

Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Thomas Wharton Esq, Comptroller of Theire Majesties Houshold one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right

.a

2 62

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire Chancellor and Under-Treasurer of Theire Majesties Exchequer and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scotland Henry Bertie Esquire Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronett Sir Thomas Tyrrell Sir Walter Clarges Sir Anthony Chester Sir Thomas Proby Sir Ralph Verney Sir Henry Andrewes Sir Thomas Lee Sir William Dormer Sir Dennis Hampson Sir Peter Tyrrell Sir Richard Atkins Sir John Packington Baronettf Sir Robert Clayton Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Whitelock Sir Purbeck Temple Sir Roger Hill Sir Peter Apsley Knights Sir John Thompson Baronett Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Knight John Hampden Edmund Waller Richard Beake William Penn Sir Orlando Gee Sir William Pritchard William Mountague Serjeant att Law William Cheyne Thomas llackett John Duncombe of Great Brickhill Alexander Denton Thomas Piggott John Parkhurst Thomas Lewes senior Thomas Lewes junior Robert Lovett Thomas Berrenger John Backwell Edward Humfreville Knightly Purefoy Roger Price John Whitterong Richard Greenville Budd Wase Basill Brent Charles Stafford Richard Ingoldsby Thomas Eggleton Robert Dormer Edmund Waller of Gregories Esquires Sir Joseph Alston Benjamin Lane Nicholas Salter Robert Stiles William Busby Richard Nicholls Edmund Dorrell Francis Drake Joseph Neale Harry Tyrrell Henry Stevens Arthur Warren Francis Duncombe of Broughton Thomas Carter Henry Neale Joseph Haynes John Grubb John Machell John Shalcrosse William Farrar Simon Mayne Robert Dormer of Lee Henry Herbert James Herbert George Evelin Henry Summer Daniell Baker Ralph Langton Charles Tyrrell Edward Bates Maximillian Bard Thomas Ligo of Stoke Mandevill Robert Hart James Tyrrell William Croke James Chase Richard Dorrell Stephen Chase senior John Thurbarne Serjeant att Law Thomas Ligo of Burkett Francis Tyrringham Esquires William Hill senior William Hill junior Thomas Smith of Beckonsfield Richard Whitechurch Henry Harris Robert Gainsford Hugh Norton Thomas Gibson Timothy Doyley Henry Gold John [Sparks'3 John Theed John Seare Henry Cave senior Henry Cave junior Richard Barraby senior Francis Ligo Thomas Carter John Tanner Doctor of Physick Thomas Hudson Henry Coley Thomas Daverell of Swanbourne Peter Dickinson Henry Fletcher of Marlow Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Buckingham

The Bailifle for the tyme being Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronett Sir Ralph Verney Baronett Alexander Denton Henry Andrews Edmund Dorrell Edward Bates William Busby Esquires Hugh Ethersey George Dancer William Hartley Pelham Sandwell John Rogers Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Wycombe

The Mayor Recorder Aldermen Bailiffs and Towne-Clerke for the tyme being Thomas Lewes Esqs and Charles Godfrey Esq

For the County of Cambridge

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland the Right Honourable Hildebrand Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland the Right Honourable John Lord Cutts of the Kingdome of Ireland the Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire one of [theire *3 Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Thomas Chichely Knight Sir Christopher Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Wyllis Sir Lcvinus Bennett Sir Henry Pickering Sir Rushout Cullen Sir John Cutler Baronettf Sir Robert Cotton Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Knightf John Wyllis John Bennett Granado Piggott Phillip Cotton Devereux Martin Francis Russell William Russell Edward Nightingall Edward Pickering John Millicent Samuell Clarke William Fortry Thomas Duckett Thomas Buck John Hagur William Layer senior William Worts Thomas Story Edward Leeds Thomas Archer Gilbert Wigmore Anthony Thomson William Layer junior Charles Baron Esquires William Cooke Doctor of Civill Law Thomas Day Tyrrell Dalton Thomas Sclater John Loves Esquires John Carter Robert Casebome Robert Flacke Clinche Gentlemen Isaac Dowman Thomas Folks John Challis Thomas Crudd Esq^s Altham Smith Esq

For the University and Towne of Cambridge.

The Vice-Chancellor the Mayor for the tyme being the Honourable John Mountagu Doctor of Divinity Sir Thomas Chicheley Knight Sir John Cotton Baronett Sir Robert Sawyer Knight the Honourable Edward Finch Granado Pigott Esquires George Chamberlaine Joseph Beaumont Humphrey Gower Thomas Smolt John Balderston John Covell Thomas Bainbridge Doctors of Divinity Roderick George Oxenden William Cook Doctors

of Civill Law Tan field Leman Esquire Samuell Newton Thomas Story Thomas Ewen Thomas Fowles Isaac k Watlington John Pepys Thomas Fox John Fage Aldermen William Bacon Robert Drake Gentlemen James Johnson Isaac Newton Samuell Perne Esquires.

For the Isle of Ely.

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Lionel Walden Josiah Colville Esquire Doctor Henry Hitch Doctor William Balaam Thomas Edward f Lionel 1 Walden Roger Jennings senior Ralph Person Simon Burton Malbume Carrell Haines Barlee William Fortry William Bourne John Pamplin Roger Jennings junior Robert Swaine Esquires Charles [Burlee '3 Esquire Sir Sewster Payton Baronett Doctor Spencer Dean of Ely Thomas Wiseman Everard Buckworth John Twelves Thomas Towers Henry Goodricke Sigismund Traford Harrison Esquires Robert Drake Michael Beale Gentlemen Thomas Benyon Richard Russell Richard Pechee Gentlemen Thomas Barnadiston Esquire William Cooke Doctor of Civill Law.

> Sparke O.

* his, in King's Printer's Copy.

Barlee O.

3° G ul. Sc Mar. c. 5.

263

For the County of Chester.

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons and First Lord Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Richard Lord Viscount Colchester Sonne and Heire Apparent of Thomas Earl Rivers Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Earle of Macclesfield Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Earle of Abingdon George Lord Delamer Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Earle of Warrington the Honorable George Cholmondeley Esquire Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Thomas Delves Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Willoughby Aston Sir Thomas Stanley Sir Peter Warburton Sir John Main waring Sir Thomas Bellott Sir Richard Brookes Sir Robert Duckenfield Sir John Werden Sir Arthur Royden Baronetf [Sir Robert Cotton Kn' and Barr* '] Sir Geoffery Shakerly Sir John Arderne Sir John Crew Sir Roger Puleston Sir William Glegg Sir Richard Reynoldf Knightf Thomas Delves Thomas Cotton Nathaniell Booth John Leigh of Adlington Peter Leigh of Lyme Peter Leigh of Booths Thomas Lee of Dernhall William Lawton Roger Whitley John Warren William Davenport Thomas Daniell John Allen of Baguley Richard Leigh Peter Brooke George Booth Peter Shakerley John Bruen Edward Mynshull Roger Mainwaring Thomas Brookes Roger Wilbraham Peter Wilbraham Randle Wilbraham Samuell Davenport George Vernon Richard Lister John Davenport Samuell Daniell Thomas Master.son Charles Hurleston John Lawton John Chetwood Thomas Whitley Thomas Swettenham Edmond Jodrell Austin Leigh Thomas Aldersey Nathaniell Lee William Minshull Reginald Bretland Richard Wright John Goldsmith Ghent Recorder of Congleton John Venables William Domvile John Pickering Lawrence Wright William Whitmore George Lucy Thomas Glasier Samuell Hardaware Joseph Ilockenhall John Baskervile Henry Bradshaw William Jackson Doctor of Physick Thomas Hollinshead George Dod Thomas Latham Charles Mainwaring William Glegg of Grange John Hardaware Edward Thomcroft John Banner of Frodsham John Egerton of Broxton John Daniell of Daresbury John Massy of Coddington Spencer of Huntington Edward Wright of Stretton Thomas

Dod of Edge Dod of Broxton Dod of Hampton Robert Cholmondeley of Halford Richard

I^eyeing Lownds of Overton William Oldfield of Bradwell John Booth of Twamlow Hugh Eamson

Esquires John Parker Gentleman Thomas Hulse Thomas Lunt Mayor of Macklesfeild Thomas Leigh Recorder Thomas Wright Justice William Rowe John Blagg Peter Wright Aldermen.

For the City and County of the City of Chester.

The Mayor of the said City for the tyme being Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Recorder Sir Thomas Grosvenor Baronett Peter Shakerley Roger Whitley Richard I.eying Griffith Williams Esquires Thomas Wainwright Doctor of Laws Hugh Grosvenor Esquire Charles Pindar Esquire William Street Thomas Wilcocke Richard Wright Henry Lloyd William Ince John Anderson George Mainwaring Peter Edwardf William Wilson Hugh Starkey Francis Skeilerne Nathaniel Williamson Aldermen Thomas Maddockf Michaell Johnson Sheriffes William Allen Henry Bennett William Bennett Peter Bennett Aldermen Captaine John Sparke John Hulton Benjamin Crackley Thomas Hand Thomas Wright William Starkey Robert Hewett John Johnson Richard Oulton Puliston Partington Matthew Anderton junior Edward Starkey Richard Mynshull Jonathan Whitby John Golbourne Robert Morrey Edward Partington Randle Bathoe John Warrington Robert Deintieth Thomas Ward John Parker Joseph Maddockf Samuel Heath Gentlemen.

For the County of Cornwall

The Right Honourable Hugh Boscawen Esquire one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Bernard Greenvile Esquire Francis Robertf Esquire Sir Bourchier Wray Sir John Carew Sir Violl Vivian Sir William Godolphin Sir William Coriton Sir Peter Killegrew Sir Anthony Slannen Sir John St Aubyn Sir William Bassett Sir John Molesworth Sir Bevill Granvill Sir Peter Colleton Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Francis Drake Baronettf Sir Joseph Tredenham Sir Walter Moyle Sir John Cotton Sir John Tremaine Knightf Charles Trevanion of Carhaves Charles Trelawney Samuell Roll John Speccott John Tredenham Daniell Elliott Jonathan Rashleigh John Buller John Tanner Walter Kendall Joseph Sawle Thomas Darrell Nicholas Glynn Edward Herle Samuell Travers Humphrey Nicholl Arthur Fortescue Humphrey Courtenay Henry Trelawney Hugh Fortescue Sidney Godolphin Francis St. Aubin Edward Elliott William Mohun John Kendall John Gregor James Kendall John Trefry James Erisey Francis Calmady Ambrose Manaton John Buller junior James Prade Joseph Moyle Richard Hoblin of Anteron George Robinson William Bond John Clobery Francis Paynter John Polewheele Nicholas Morris Emanucll Pyper Alexander Pendarves John Waddon William Arscott William Harris Thomas Achym Samuell Enis John Fowell Nathaniell Moyle Alexander Carew Samuell Langford Joseph Penhallo Phillip Mayow John Barrett of Killegreene Thomas Penhallow William Beale John Murth James Bond Francis Wills Walter Vincent Jonathan Trelawney George Spry Hugh Jones Henry Vincent Hugh Tonkyn Henry Manaton Francis Manaton Shadrack Vincent Thomas Kelly John Courtenay John Hicks of Trevithick William Symons William Bligh James Kestle of Kestle Narcissus Lutterell John Evins Edmund Phillips John Hoblyn John Nicoll ofTrewarne Peter Trevissa Thomas Hawkey Henry Gregor Charles Bonython Christopher Barnes Sampson Hill William Williams of [Treworge1] Jonathan Prideaux John Williams of Trethowa John Williams of Carvean William Hooper Thomas Dodson John Clarke Edmund Spore Richard Moyle Esquires Charles Kendall Reginald Bowden Jacob Robins Stephen Robins Thomas Waddon William Martin William Braddon Reginald Hawkey John Kestell Nicholas Kempe William Hancock Nicholas Archer Thomas Herle Thomas Worth of Penryn John Cole William Keckwich John Penneck Thomas Johnson John Kegwyn Joseph Marke Thomas Glynn William Cock of Helston William Tregea Gentlemen Charles Trevanion of

• Trcworgy O.

' interlined on the Roll.

264

A.D. 1691.

3° Gu r.. & Mar. c. 5.

Tregarthen Richard Harris William Yeo John Foot of Truroc William Anne Richard Erisey Esquires Bernard Kendall Francis Achym Esquires Christopher Tucker John Borlace of Pendeon Esquire Thomas Hoblyn of St. Columbe Richard Smith of Moorewinstow Gentlemen William Scawcn Esquire Richard Remfry Henry Remfry Philipp Hawkins Gentlemen Dennis Glynn John Manly Paul Orchard Samuell Gilbert William Penrosse Charles Orchard [ Esquires'] Edward Nebone Samuell Gully Thomas Hoblyn of Trevascus Christopher Harris of Henegie Gentleman William Veale of Trevailer Gentleman John Nance Esquire John Oliver of Sithney Gentleman John Hill of Gwendron Gentleman John Bassett Gentleman John Carye Edward Dennys Sampson Veale John Penrose of Menackan Thomas Carshew Anthony Tanner John Flaminack Richard Williams of St Cullumbe John Austis of St Nyott Julius Glanvill John Harris Richard Scobell William Flannock Esquires John Robins Jonathan Tincombe Gentlemen.

For the County of Cumberland

Charles Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire Apparent of Edward Earle of Carlisle the Right Honourable Sir John Lowther Baronett one of [Theire *] Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir William Pennington Sir Wilfred Lawson Sir Richard Musgrave Baronets Sir John Balentine Sir Daniel Fleming Knight (J Henry Fletcher Wilfrid Lawson Joseph Hudleston Robert Carleton Bristow of Crofden Thomas- Lamplugh Richard Lamplugh Thomas

Denton Anthony Hutton Richard Patrickson Christopher Richmond Roger Kirby Edward Hasell Miles Pennington Edward Stanley William Christian William Gilpin Ewen Christian Darcy Carwen Leonard Dykes Charles Orpheur John Senhouse Andrew Huddleston Henry Browham Jeremiah Bubb Christopher Musgrave Henry Fletcher of Tallentire John Punsonby Andrew Whelpdale Richard Lamplugh junior Thomas Beach John Winder junior Esquires John Briscow John Foster John Parke junior Richard Senhouse Thomas Addison James Maxwell Thomas Tickell Charles Smallwood Thomas Webster William Graham Gentlemen The Mayor of Carlisle for the tyme being.

For the County of Derby

The Right Honourable the Lord Cavendish Sonne and Heire Apparent to William Earle of Devonshire the Right Honourable the Lord Stanhope Sonne and Heire Apparent of Philipp Earl of Chesterfeild the Honourable Robert Shirley Esquire the Honourable Anchitell Gray Esquire Sir Thomas Gresley Sir Edward Coke Sir Henry Every Sir Nathaniell Curzon Sir Phillipp Gell Sir Paul Jenkinson Baronettf Sir Simon Degg Sir Gilbert Clarke Sir Edward Abney Knightf Willoughby Gray Henry Gilbert Robert Sacheverell Francis Mundy John Low of Denbigh Matthew Smith Gilbert Mundy Henry Keys Paul Joddrell John Osborne Bard Thomas Allestrey

Esquires William Horne Samuell Bradshaw John Parker of Spoondon William Flamsded Henry Low John Holden Anthony Bradshaw Henry Pilkington William Hunter John Richardson Samuell Richardson Henry Wild Thomas Wilson Henry Goodyear Clayton of Codner John Wilson Squire Edward Newton Gentlemen

The Mayor of Derby for the tyme being John Brookhouse Thomas Goodwin Samuell Spateman Solomon Roberts William Hoskinson John Taylor Aldermen Samuell Dalton John Adderley Esquires George Beardsley Joseph Parker John Bagnold Samuell Goodwin John Gisborne John Oldershaw Hugh Bateman Edward Large William Turner William Chambers Benjamin Parker William Greaves George Gregson Edward Parker Edmund Parker James Motteram Ralph Brough Gentlemen John Stanhope Henry Heveningham Walter Horton Walter Burdett John Burdett Robert Wilmott George Gresley Robert Harding John Every Henry Kendall Gilbert Thacker William Allestrey John Allen Samuell Holden John Wilkins John Harpur of Calke Philipp [Prince3] Esquires John Harpur of Little Over Richard Sales John Harpur junior William Shalcrosse Gentlemen the Honourable Robert Cecil Esquire George Vernon Henry Every Henry Cavendish Robert Coke Godfrey Meynell Alexander Stanhope Samuell Pole Thomas Browne Richard Bates Nicholas Wilmott John Burrows Esquires Robert Doxy Richard Stubbingf Samuell Bradshaw Gentlemen Rowland Okeover John Beresford Richard Leving Nicholas Hurt Thomas Milward Robert Milward George Parker Thomas Parker Esquire Josiah Trott John Stuffin Arthur Lowe Robert Dale Henry Buxton William James John Hayne Christopher Ley Sampson Barker William Wingfeild John Slack Lawrence Sleigh William Alsopp Francis Sleigh John Botham Robert Feme Joseph Woodhouse Gentlemen William Eyre John Shalcrosse Thomas Wright Henry Balgay Henry Gilbert junior John Bullocke Thomas Legh Thomas Stafford Henry Bradshaw John Stevenson Esquires John Wright John Beresford Thomas Bagshaw John Bagshaw Benjamin Ashton Thomas Statham John Greaves William Bache John Stafford John Calvert Charles Wayne John Buxton Arthur Dakein James Webster Gentlemen Samuell Pierpoint John Revell George Sitwell Cornelius Clarke Robert Revell John Wigfall Edward Phiney Thomas Gladwin John Morewood Robert Barker Thomas Eyre Robert Mower Robert Ashton Thomas Woolhouse Thomas Cotchett John Spateman Samuell Halloes Christopher Pegg Esquires The Mayor of Chesterfeild for the tyme being Richard Youle Richard Cope Aldermen Andrew Clayton John Frogatt John Steventon Thomas Byrley John Smithson George Milward John Wingfeild Richard Hale John Dand Godfrey Watkinson Paul Webster

For the County of Devon.

The Honourable Edward Russell Esquire the Honourable Robert Russell Esquire the Honourable John Granvill Esquire Sir George Hutchins Knight one of the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seale Sir Edward Seymour Sir Peter Prideaux Sir George Chudleigh Sir Francis Drake Sir Ames Pollard Sir Bouchier Wrey Sir Courtenay Poole Sir Copplcstone Bampfeild Sir Francis Northcott Sir William Courtenay Sir John Davie Sir Hugh Ackland Sir William Drake Sir John Fowell Sir Henry Carew Sir Richard Reynell Sir Walter Young Sir Arthur Chichester Sir

Esquire 0.

3 his O.

Prime 0.

265

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

Peter Colliton [Sir1] Thomas Leer Sir Andrew Slaning Sir Thomas Putt Baronettf Sir John Roll Sir Simon Leech Sir Henry Vane Knightf of the Bath Sir George Treby Knight Their Majesties Attorney Generali Sir John Tremaine Knight Their [Maries1] Serjeant att Law Sir Thomas Berry Sir Joseph Herne Knightf Francis Courtenay Samuell Rolle Henry Portman Nicholas Morrice Richard Duke Thomas Rynell John Cloebery Richard Coffin William Spurway of Cheford Dennis Rolle of Beame Nicholas Dennis John Cholwich John Trelawley Charles Trelawley Henry Manaton Gideon Heydon Henry Luscombe Hugh Vaughan Hugh Fortescue Richard Hillersdon Richard Carew John Moore Richard Osborne Charles Kelland William Hockmore Edmund Rynell of Malstone Eneas Newton John Northcote of Westwood Bampfeild Rodd James Rodd John Rowe Richard Courtenay John Coplestone John Blewett Richard Beavie John Barrington John Fry of Yarty Henry Wolcombe Thomas Wood Roger Wollacombe Christopher Savery Rowland Whiddon Courtenay Crocker Arscott Bickford Henry Chichester of Coxleigh John Garland Henry Chichester of Hall Martin Ryder Charles Hore Richard Langdon of Totnes John Elwill Richard Lee of Winslade William Coleman Sebastian Izacke Henry Walrond John Chichester of Widworthy Jonathan Prideaux William Ilayne John Battishill John Sandford William Fowell William Bragg Sampson Ilele Thomas Drew William Cary of Clovelly Arthur C.hampemoone Francis Bassett John Gifford John Arscott of Tedcott Henry Northleish Edward Yard of Churchton Edmund Walrond Arthur Tremayne William Harris of Hayne Richard Shapleigh Francis Fulford Edward Fortescue of Brixton William Stawell John Quicke Hugh Stafford Henry Trelawney John Pole Edmund Prideaux of Ford John Pollexfen George Prestwood John Kelland George Parker Ambrose Manaton Peter Fortescue Nicholas Martin Thomas Bere Josias Calinady Richard Nutcoinbe James Hinsh of Sand Edmund Walrond junior Edmund Tremaine Nicholas Rowe James Fortescue James Courtenay William Drake of Netherton John Fownes John Martin Edmund Pollexfen Peter Beavis John Rosse Ellize Bartlett Thomas Southcote of Hedge-End George Southcote Henry Fry Aines Crymes John Fowell Edward Lovett William Drake of Yarberry John Fortescue George Yeo Robert Hatch Christopher Maine Lewis Incledon John Specott John Tanner Arthur Champneys Ambrose Roope Christopher Bale Walter Bogan Peter Atkins Anthony Salter John Cruse Francis Shepherd Nicholas Lutterell John Davye William Savery of Slade Moses Gould Richard Duke junior Gilbert Yard Samuell Tanner Edmund Starr Benjamin Oliver Southcote Lutterell Richard Strowde Esquires John Pratt William Davie Barrister att Law Edmund Davie Richard Burthogg Edward Ford Samuell Izacke Dolors of Physicke Thomas Ford Jasper Radcliffe Thomas Southcote of Offwell John Mercer John Upcott John Southelle John Velley of Hartland Henry Stevens William Langford of Braddon John Harris of Wortham John Symondf John Northmore Richard Webber William Cotton Thomas Sampson Thomas DoCton of Docton John Cooke Merchant Matthias Jenkins John Hambury John Contee Richard Parminster John Hatch Gentlemen The Mayor of Plymouth for the tyme being The Mayor of Bamestaple for the time being The Mayor of Biddeford for the tyme being The Mayor of Totnes for the tyme being The Mayor of Tiverton for the tyme being The Mayor of Torrington for the tyme being The Mayor of Dartmouth for the tyme being The Mayor ofPlympton for the tyme being The Mayor of Okehampton for the tyme being The Mayor of South Molton for the tyme being Philipp Shapcott Edmund Gibbons Esquires Thomas Stawell Thomas Northmore Gentlemen Humphrey Courtenay Esquire John Doidge Philipp Andrewes Gentlemen George Musgrave Esquire Thomas Pine Arthur Pine Richard Doidge of Lee junior Gentlemen John Cudlip Merchant Robert Burridge Merchant John Joanes Richard Hallet John Martin William Symmons John Monion Barnard Goddard Abraham Trowte James Marwood Richard Doidge of Tarre Gentlemen.

For the City of Exeter.

The Mayor Aldermen Sheriffe and Common Councill for the tyme being Sir Edward Seymour Sir Peter Colliton Baronettf Sir George Treby Sir John Tremaine Knights Edmund Davie Thomas Waterhouse Samuell Isaac John Osmond Doctors of Physick James Walker Esquire Thomas Gibbon John Pratt Barrister att Law John Banks John Elwill Christopher Maine Jasper Radcliffe Nicholas Brooking Thomas Brooking Richard White Abraham Trowte William Adams Thomas Baron Thomas Potter William Sealy Edmund Starr Thomas Gould Edward Dally Jerome King Henry Newcombe Thomas Ford Thomas Turner Philip Hooper.

For the County of Dorsett.

Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Shaftesbury Sir John Morton Sir Nathaniell Napier Sir Robert Napier Baronettf Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Henley Sir George Strode Sir Henry Butler Sir Matthew Andrewes Knightf Thomas Freke Thomas Strangwayes Edward Miller Samuell Roll Richard Fownes Robert Freke senior William Okeden junior Thomas Erie Robert Coker senior Robert Coker junior Edward Nicholas William Whitacre John Still Robert Seymer William Freke Thomas Greene John Poole Sebastian Isaac Robert Culliford Robert Freke junior Thomas Pile Henry Portman Edward Seymour William Strode Robert Williams Thomas Hardy John Williams Thomas Freke junior Michaell Harvey Francis Mohun Henry Seymer Thomas Chafe Hugh Hodges Serjeant att Law John Eastmont John Fisher Edward St Loe Henry Devenish George Parry Harry Constantine Anthony Ettrick Robert Browne Thomas Trenchard George Strangwayes Richard Brodripp Nathaniell Bond His Majesties Serjeant att Law Henry Henning Henry Trenchard John Gold John [Harding1] William Ettericke William Floyer William Bennett the younger of Hartgrove John Lawrence of Grange William Bowles senior Simon Whetcombe John Ironside John Bowles John Hardey Thomas Turberville Bullen Reymes Robert Oxenbrigg Seymer Bowman Robert Browne Nathaniell Napier William Churchill Richard Swaine Robert Erie George Dawbeny John Michell Thomas Skinner Charles Bruine William Sidenham Richard Bingham William Weston Robert Hussey of Stowerpainc William Filliol James Gould John Burridge Anthony

1 interlined on the Roll. * Hurding O.

266

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

A.D. 16.91.

Floyer Nicholas Hardy William Bennett Richard Rose Richard Burge Robert Pope Andrew Tucker William Wake Robert Stephens William Romain Nicholas Browne Robert Browne Andrew Loder junior George Lester William Lawrence William Hull John Lawrence of White-Church George Barber Thomas Bower Arthur Fookes John Flint William Culliford Thomas Cockram William Collins of Linch John Pike John Abbington Lewis Cockram Roger Mumpesson Robert Burridge John Edwardf John Strode of Chauntery Solomon Andrews John Fitts Thomas Chettle John Moore Thomas Gundry Daniell Dugdale Robert Swaine of Corse Richard Swaine Robert Butler Thomas Hawles Richard Newman John Richardf Henry Henley junior Thomas Williams Philipp Taylor Merchant The Mayors of Dorchester Shaftesbury Weymouth and Melcombe Regis Corse Wareham and Lyme Regis The Bayliffes of Blandford & Bridport for the tyme being George Keate George Gigger Richard Churchill Robert Russell Thomas Rose George Mullens Christopher Collier Simon Orchard Samuell Pitt William Bennett of Shafton Gentlemen.

For the Towne and County of Poole.

The Mayor for the tyme being William White Esq^ Recorder Moses Durrell senior Henry Jubber James Hallybred The Sheriffe for the tyme being George Lewin Captaine Robert Bennett John Carter Moses Durrell junior William Bowles William Phillipps Thomas Smith Thomas Hyde John Pyke William Streete William Minty John Gigger Shadrack Beale Richmond Henley.

For the County Palatine of Durham.

Charles Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Carlisle Charles Mountague Esquire Sir Christopher Musgrave Knight and Baronett Sir Christopher Conyers Sir Ralph Cole Sir Thomas Williamson Sir James Claveringe Sir Robert Eden Baronettf Sir Ralph Carre Sir William Bowes Sir Richard [N—le'] Knightf Christopher Vane John Tempest William Lambton Robert Bverly William Tempest George Morland Henry Lyddell Nicholas Cole William Forster Francis Bowes Lyonell Vane Cuthbert Carre William Bromley Marke Shaftoe Robert Jenyson Thomas Lyddell John Clavering James Clavering Roger Fenwick Robert Ellison John Sedgwickc William Blackett Thomas Foster Ralph Carre John Hilton Charles Wren Edward Tonge Ralph Hedworth Ralph Bates Frevill Lambton Francis Carre William Christian Anthony Salvin James Mickleton Philipp Bickerstaffe Ralph Hutton Richard Middleton John Elstob John Hall John Hutchinson Esquires The Mayor of Durham The Mayor of Sto&on for the tyme being William Greveson Robert Jackson William Garth William Johnson Edward Shepardson John Carre Richard Carre Thomas Evans Abraham Hilton John Spearman Ralph Gouland Thomas Brasse George Crosier John Crosby Thomas Waston William Ettricke Ralph Holmes John Hodshen Thomas Blackett Robert Dixon Arthur Prescott James Cooke Peter Marley William Hutchinson Barnard Dowthwaite Cuthbert Hutchinson Wheatley Dobson John Gurdon William Hodshon Robert Grey Christopher Fawcett Thomas Grey of Morton William Selby of Beale Thomas Orde of Felkinton Gilbert Orde of Holy Island Brian Grey of Keily Patrick Crow Gentlemen John Sleigh of Goswicke William Cooke of Tweed mouth Gentlemen Samuell Ogle Esquire Thomas Burleston Gentleman.

For the West Rideing of the County of Yorke.

Charles Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire to the Duke of Bolton William Lord Eland Sonne to the Marquesse of Hallifax William Lord Pawlett second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland George Lord Viscount Casdeton of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Viscount Downe of the same Kingdome Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Charles Boyle Sidney Wortley Mountague Henry Dawney Esquires Henry Fairfax Esquire the Right Honourable Sir Henry Good rick Baronett one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir George Fletcher Baronett Sir Thomas Armitage Sir John Kaye Sir William Reresby Sir John Ingleby Sir John Bland Sir Brian Stapylton Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Franckland Sir George Cooke Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Edward Blackett Sir John Tempest Sir John Cutler Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir Lyon Pilkinton Baronettf Sir John Hewley Sir Jonathan Jennings Sir Michael Wentworth Sir Patience Ward Sir Stephen Thompson Sir Thomas Hodgson Sir William Lowther Sir John Coghill Sir Abstrupus Danby Knightf Henry Lydell Thomas Franckland Christopher Tankred William Palmes Robert Bierley Francis Nevill Jonathan Jennings Richard Beaumont of Whitley John Goodricke Thomas Harrison Walter Calverly Cerill Arthington Thomas Fawkes Welbury Norton William Stockdale Charles Osborne Christopher Lister John Knight Denzill Onslow Arthur Ingram William Wombwell Francis Foulgham John Ramsden Thomas Yorke John Bradshaw Thomas Yarburgh Thomas Vincent William Ellis William Vavasour Henry Stapylton Henry Thompson Inglebert Leedf Anthony Fletcher John Lister Ralph Lowther Henry Hitch Bryan Sunderland Ambrose Pudsey Thomas Lister Thomas Horton John Eastoft William Stockdale Samuell Melish Godfrey Bosvile John Ashton Francis Jessopp John Lambert Metcalfe Robinson Henry Edmundf Richard Redman Thomas Fountaine Jasper Blythman Gervase Nevill John Farrer William Rhodes Thomas Parker Francis White Thomas Dodson John Gill Henry Bouch Henry Cooke Miles Stavely John Stanhop of Horsforth William Roundell Robert Mitford Christopher Adams Roger Portirgton William Fairfax Christopher Wilkinson John Garland William Jennings Matthew Boynton Robert Banes 1 homas Benloes John Towneley John Hatfeild of Lawton Cuthbert Wade Richard Staines Bennett Sherrard John Stanhopp of Ecclesall Thomas Hesletine John Rookes Rowland Norton William Johnson George Aislasbie Anthony Parker Samuell Melish Thomas Kirke Robert Far rand Thomas Lea John Warner Simon Sterne John Atkinson George Towkson Richard Shuttleworth William Ingram John Auby Henry Currer Robert Burdett John Hatfeild of Hatfeild senior John Hatfeild junior Robert Frankes Thomas Wakefeild William Bethell Andrew Wilkinson Esquires Richard [Hatton*] 1 homas Edmunds senior Thomas Edmundf junior John Batty Thomas Rookby Robert Parker 1

1 The Roll is defaced here.

* Hal ton 0.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

267

William Norton Armstrong Gregory John Copley Godfrey Copley James Greenwood Richard Hewett John Southerne Thomas Squire Bartin Allott John Jackman Benjamin Watts Richard Nettleton Edward Thompson Lawrence Warton Michael Warton of Bawtrey Francis Wheatley Physician John Spencer of Cannon Hall Henry Wood John Preston Stephen Wilks Thomas Craven Andrew Holden Cotes of Kilwicke Francis EKvicke

Thomas Ward of Northcoatc Thomas Carleton Cuthbert Chambers Gregory Fish Josias Midgley Robert Inman Robert Squire Christopher Dawson Thomas Thompson Benjamin Gervas Hill William Appleyard

Edmund Barker Gentlemen The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Pontefract for the tyme being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Doncaster for the tyme being The Mayor Aldermen Recorder and Deane of Rippon for the tyme being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Leeds for the tyme being.

For the North Rideing of the County of Yorke.

Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Eldest Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland John Lord Viscount Downe of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Lord Morpeth Eldest Sonne to the Right Honourable the Earle of Carlisle Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Philipp Darcy Esquire George Dawney Henry Fairfax Henry Dawney Esquires Sir Marmaduke Wyvell Sir Francis Boynton Sir John Leveson Gowrer Sir David Fowlis Sir William Strickland Sir John Bolles Sir Charles Hotham Sir John Kays Sir Watkinson Payler Sir Bryan Stapylton Sir William Frankland Sir John Lowther Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Caley Sir Christopher Wandesford Sir Thomas Pennyman Sir Edward Blackett Sir William Chater Sir James Brooke Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Marke Milbanke Sir William Robinson Baronettf Sir Richard Osbaldeston Sir William Hustler Sir Barrington Bowchier Sir John Hewley Sir Ilenry Bellasis Sir William Ascough Sir William Bowes Sir Abstrupus Danby Sir Samuell Gerrard Knightf Thomas Frankland George Marwood William Palmes Thomas Yorke William Thompson Henry Metcalfe George Smithson Francis Wyvill Robert Water Roger Croft John Wastell John Hutton Roger Talbut Edward Trotter Cornelius Caley Thumas Strangwayes William Moore Anthony Wharton Charles Tankred John How Thomas Croft Edward Hutchinson William Tankred Francis Thompson Bernard Greenvill John Trotter Leonard Smelt Charles Duncombe John Dodsworth Thomas Harrison Anthony Lowther Timothy Maleverer Thomas Worsley William Metcalfe John Gibson Thomas Lassells Richard Staines Daniell Lassells Thomas Wakefeild William Chaloner Francis Hall Theodore Bathurst Edward Thompson John Peirce William Osbaldeston George Aislabie John Smelt John Hill junior Thomas Gower John Hompton James Mountague Luke Robinson Thomas Pullen Thomas Metcalfe John Beverley John Beilby George Norton Rowland Norton Thomas Cradock Thomas Wyvill Humphrey Wharton Constable Bradshaw' Thomas Binloes William Daw'son Matthew Anglaby Richard Darley Thomas Hasletine Towers Driffeild Thomas Langley Robert Buck Esquires Christopher Peircy Hay of New Malton Gentleman Roger Covill Esquire Henry Squire Leonard Hartley Benjamin Percuss Edward Place William Davill Philipp Prince James Conyers William Kitchinman Robert Bell Stephen Driffeild Robert Bushell Timothy Ford Ralph Porter John Robinson John Harland Gentlemen Henry Place Esquire Thomas Lassells of Soreby John Peirson Daniell Smith Henry Wilkinson Timothy Portington Thomas Holmes Matthew Smales John Robinson of Easby Thomas Guise Robert Crosfeild The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Richmond for the tyme being The Baylifff and Recorder of Scarborough for the tyme being Timothy Ford Ralph Porter John Robinson senior James Cockerell Francis Hickson William Sudell Christopher Wilkinson Henry Pinkney Gentlemen.

For the East Rideing of the County of Yorke.

Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the same Kingdome Charles Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire apparent to the Right Honourable the Earle of Carlisle George Dawney Charles Boyle Henry Boyle Esquires Sir Francis Boynton Sir Charles Hotham Sir William Strickland Sir Henry St Quinton Sir Watkinson Payler Sir Thomas Rudson Sir John Legard Sir John Kays Baronettf Sir Michael Wharton Sir Ralph Wharton Sir William Cobb Sir Matthew Peirson Sir James Bradshaw Sir Jonathan Atkins Sir Richard Osbaldeston Sir John Hewley Sir John Napier Knightf Griffith Boynton William Osbaldeston William Grimston Ingleby Daniell Henry Thompson William Gee Henry Guy William Thompson Francis Thompson Matthew Appleyard Charles Osborne John Ramsden James Hcblethwayte Ralph Wharton Charles Wharton Edward Bernard Hugh Bethell Walter Strickland Robert Mountague Thomas Langley William Bethell John Stapylton Thomas Hesketh Robert Prickett John Lister John Eastoft William Dawson Richard Remington Richard Gee Richard Thompson senior Robert Buck Matthew Alured Thomas Alured Edward Hutchinson Tobias Jenkins senior Tobias Jenkins junior Humphrey Robinson of Thickett Walter Crompton William St Quinton Christopher Lister John Tayler Thomas Southaby Edward Thompson James Moyser John Moyser William Moore Robert Hollis Hodson Johnson

William Headlam Edmund Wilbert Robert Mason Matthew Ashmall Robert Carlisle Thomas Dunn Thomas

Statter Thomas Coundon James Mountainc Thomas Johnson Richard Darley William Wickham Robert Crompton Henry Portington Charles Hilliard Benjamin Overton Richard Johnson Thomas Wakefeild Robert Squire Bernard

Lister John Buck John Peirson John Gee Charles Best William Dickinson Robert Jeggon Edward Bower

William Bower William Wilberfosse Philipp Wilkinson Thomas Johnson Henry Masters Thomas Rickaby John Rickaby Richard Thompson junior Henry Bernard Christopher Piercy Hay Leonard Robinson of Newton Garth Francis Blunt of the same Gentlemen The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Beverley for the tyme being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Heddon for the tyme being.

For the City of Yorke and County of the same City.

The Lord Mayor Aldermen and [ Sheriffs 1 ] for the tyme being Charles Marquesse of Winchester Eldest Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairfax Baron 1

1 Sheri ffe 0.

268

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

A.D. 1691.

Cameron of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Sir Henry Goodricke Knight and Baronett one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir William Robinson Sir James Brooke Baronettf Sir John Hewley Sir Stephen Thompson Knightf George Prickett Esquire Recorder Toby Wickham Doctor of Divinity Deane of Yorke Henry Watkinson Doctor of Law Henry Thompson Thomas Hutton Henry Stapleton Bennett Sherard William Fairfax of Steeton William Roundell Edward Thompson of Marston Thomas Hesletyne John Baynes Henry Squire Thomas Langley Thomas Moseley Roger Shackleton William Tomlinson Esquires Andrew Perrott Thomas Nesbitt Thomas Benson Richard Reynoldf Philipp Prince Francis Duckworth Christopher Hutton Christopher Breary William Thompson William Hesletine Robert Squire Thomas Holmes Richard Hewitt Richard Sowray William Wickham Thomas Thompson Nicholas Sugar Thomas Harrison Samuell Walker William Mortimer Gentlemen

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull

The Mayor Aldermen Sheriffe and Recorder for the tyme being Sir James Bradshaw Charles Osborne John Legard John Estoft William Gee John Lister Matthew Appleyard Ingolby Daniel 1 William Dawson Matthew Aldred John Ramsden William St Quintin Esquires Marke Kirkeby Henry Lambert William Idle William Carleton William Crowle Gentlemen.

For the County of Essex.

The Right Honourable Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable John Lord Cutts of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Robert Bertie Bannister Maynard Richard Barrett Ralph Grey William Maynard Esquires Sir William Appleton Sir Samuell Grimston Sir William Hicks Sir Samuell Tryon Sir Francis Masham Sir Andrew Jenour Sir Thomas Nightingale Sir Richard Everard Sir William Luckin Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Martin Lumley Sir Anthony Abdy Sir John Abdy Sir Thomas Draper Sir Thomas Darcy Sir Jervase Elwes Sir Edward Smyth Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Bemardiston Sir Charles Tyrrell Sir William Barker Sir Robert Smyth Sir Josiah Child Sir Peter Soame Sir John Dyer Sir Cave James Baronettf Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Farmer Sir Anthony Browne Sir John Sparrow Sir Richard Pigott Sir Thomas Fanshawe Sir [Eliah'] Harvey Sir Gobert Barrington Sir Thomas Chambers Sir Edward Turner Sir Thomas Middleton Sir Thomas Davall Sir John Marshall Sir Benjamin Thoroughgood Sir John Rotheram Sir Samuell Husbands Knightf John Osborne John Conyers Esquires the Kings Councill Henry Mildmay John Le Mott Honywood John Wroth Francis Harvey ats Mildmay Carew Harvey ats Mildmay Thomas Luther William Coward Abraham Wessell Thomas Dawtry Robert Bateman Charles Mountague Edward Cary Samuell Reynoldf William Palmer William Peck William Pert William Atwood Francis St Johns Henry St Johns John Greene Josiah Child Ralph Freeman Richard Hutchinson Thomas Argoll James Butler William Campion Joseph Offley Evan Lloyd William Wright Benjamin Desbrow Richard Andrews Francis Barrington Thomas Gardner Christopher Fowler Anthony Brampston Anthony Lowther Nathaniel 1 Tench Richard Vaughan George Ford John Rotheram Robert Ashton Isaac Rebow Thomas Burgh William Beaumont Robert Cole John Wale John Symondf William Clopton William Lingwood John Tyndall Timothy Felton Thomas Barrington John Eldred William Eldred John Fowle Samuell Westerne John Cox John Cooke of Chissel Owen Wynne Samuell Hare Francis Maidstone Edward Bullock senior Edward Bullock junior John Locky John Neale Thomas Gray John Goodyer William Walker Thomas Weeley Thomas Harlackenden Bowes Thomas Waldgrave John Plummer Gyles Dent William Kendall Andrew Searle Alexander Prescott Clutterbuck of Engatstone Richard Staines Cuthbert Martin William

Harvey William Scott William Nutt John Pennington Thomas Turner John Sparrow John Cressener Henry Glascock Waldgrave Pelham Samuell Wiseman John Mead Thomas Abdy Henry Ay Ioffe Philip Saltingston John Hothersell Richard Hyde William Mott Edmund Goodwyn John Edward f Nathan Wright John Fanshaw John Luther Edward Luther of Miles Francis Badbury Haines Barlee Charles Barlee Nicholas Cursellis Ralph CrefTeild senior Nathaniell Lawrence Francis Wheeler Samuell Gibbs George Gent Henry Pascall Edward Thoroughgood John Haines John Hopwood John Godbold John Allen John Larkin Sigismond Trafford Robert Smyth Robert Bragg Christopher Grange Nicholas Martin Samuell Rawston Robert Harvey Samuell Clarke Robert Dawgs Esquires George Brampston Doctor of Civil Law James Horsmanden Charles Tyrrell Clerkes Isaac Lutman John Little Gentlemen Marke Mott Samuell Warner Robert Barwell junior Ralph Hawkins Dowcett Taylor John Bennett William Herris Thomas Greene John Josceline Jeremiah Richardson John Savill William Boyce John Potter Henry Lamb Thomas Scarlett Nicholl John Stilman John Rayner Hope Gifford Richard Willis Charles Wale of Walden Joseph Sparrow Harrison of Braintree Richard Cowper John Elliott Nicholas Jekyll George Wale of Radwinter

Thomas Coe senior John Wiggoner John Rebow Abraham Hedgthorne John Witham James Sparrow Richard Williams Urban Hall Dauntesey Brouncker James Coker Gentlemen Robert Williamson Thomas Chambers Cheyne Row John Cummins Ralph Creffeild junior Samuell Reynolds junior William Moore Edward Husbands Esquires John Harrison Doctor of Physick Robert May Luke Talcott Gentlemen Sir Henry Johnson Knight Sir Thomas Samuell Baronett Francis Thompson Esquire.

For the Towne of Maldon.

The [Bayliffe'] for the tyme being Sir John Bramston Knight of the Bath High Steward Sir Thomas Darcy Baronett Charles Mountague Anthony Bramston Esquires Francis Porter Esquire Recorder John Matthews William Vernon John Pond Samuell Pond John Cockerell William Heckford Thomas Horsenaill Aldermen William Carr

1 Elias 0. * Bailiffs, in King's Printer's Copy ; and a letter at the end of the word " Bayliflv" appears to be erased on the Roll.

2 69

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

Towne Clerke Captaine Thomas Coe Captaine Peter Robjent Thomas Hutt Hugh Browne John Stephens John Brickwood Samuell Brickwood Abell Hawkes James Denshire Ezekiell Finch Thomas Stacc Henry May John Straight Thomas Stevens William Coe Thomas Coe junior.

For the Towne of Colchester.

The Mayor and Aldermen for the tyme being John Eldred Recorder Samuell Reynoldf Edward Cary Isaac Selfe Isaac Rebow Nathaniell Lawrence Ralph Creffeild Francis Wheeler William Moore Esquires William Boyse John Savill Robert Moore John Rebow Abraham Hedgethorne Charles Richardson Thomas Ruse William Mott Esquires Samuell Great Jacob Fromanteele Matthew Scrivener John Harrison Doctor of Physick Nathaniell Lawrence junior Ralph Creffeild junior Hope Gifford John Freeman Luke Talcott Gentlemen William Shelton Joseph Powell Clerkes.

For the Towne of Harwich.

The Mayor for the time being The Right Honourable Charles Lord Cheney of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Thomas Middleton Knight Sir Philipp Parker Baronett Sir Thomas Davall Knight John Eldred Esquire Thomas Langley John Rolfe Robert Seaman John Browne William Garrard Daniell Smith Charles Smith Aldermen John Phillips Thomas Bradshaw Robert Lane Henry Munt Henry Cole William Wood Thomas Langley junior Philipp Deane William Rudland Gentlemen.

For the County of Gloucester.

Charles Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Beaufort William Lord Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire Master of the Rolles and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath and Lord Chiefe Baron of Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer and Speaker of the House of Peers The Right Honourable Sir Henry Capell one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir James Rushout Sir Richard Cox Sir William Kite Sir Francis Russell Sir Robert Southwell Sir John Newton Sir William Forester Sir Gabrieli Lowe Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Ralph Dutton Sir Richard Onslow Sir Fleetwood Dormer Sir Duncomb Colchester Sir John Ash Sir John Fust Sir Richard Hart Sir Thomas Cann Sir John Guise Sir Robert Atkins junior Sir Heele Hooke James Thinne Esquire Benjamin Barron Richard Dowdswell Thomas Foley George

Pitt Richard Freeman Charles Dowdswell William Lane John Parsons junior John Delabeare William Baggott

John Carter junior Henry Coxwell William Dewy Thomas Janes Samuell Hawlins Thomas Hales David Warren Anthony Lawrence Danvers Hodges Henry Criswick Nathaniell Stephens Thomas Rawlins Serjeant att Law Thomas Hodges Walter Estcourt John Browning Samuell Trotman William Kingscote William Dennis John How John

Coxwall William Hall Robert Vesey Andrew Barker Robert Plydall George Hanger Robert Oatridge Thomas

Masters Brierton Bowchier Richard Howe Thomas Smith Thomas Horton Philipp Shephard Nathaniell Ridler of Edgeworth Henry Chivers Esquires Thomas Stephens Lionell Rich William Peachy Edward Stephens Conway Whithome Joshua Aylworth George Bond John Hickford Maynard Colchester Thomas Pirk William Madocks Paul Foley Walter Yates Reginald Pindar William Rogers Wenman Wyniatt William Bayly George Lloyd James Mitchell Richard Yeate William Try Thomas Chester Thomas Wise Edward Smith Richard Jones John Meredith Thomas Barwell John Dowse William Pancefoot Thomas Browne of Coslawne John Parkhurst William Winter Samuell Dobbins Michaell Beale William Cooke Edward Cooke William Guise William Selwyn Rowland Wood William Lawrence Sir John Powell one of the Barons of Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer Henry Brett John Cox William Scudamore William Hodges Stephen Baldwin Robert Codrington Christopher Mountacu Edmund Chamberline Samuell Barker John Griffin William Clutterbuck Richard Holford Richard Haynes John Stafford Samuell Codrington John Nelme John Berkley William Bovey Thomas Trigg Nathaniell Pirke Richard Hayward William Winter Pancefort George Smith William Blathwaite Christopher Cole David Warren Richard

Diton Jasper Chapman Edmund Madox The Mayor of Teuxbury for the tyme being Samuell Hawlings Charles Lord Newburg of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Robert Jenkinson Baronett Sir Thomas Littleton Baronett Charles Wynde Henry Collet of Lincolnes Inne William Wilson Gent! Robert Hawksworth Edward Fust Edward Webb Thomas Dawe Edward Stephens junior John Freeke Dodwell Henry Greenway Philipp Shepheard junior

Nicholas Veel John Meredith Christopher Cole Richard Jones Esquires Thomas Burnell Francis Woodward Gentlemen William Player Charles Hart Esquires John Carter junior Walter Ireland William Browne Thomas Edwardf Doctor Kirabarley Charles Hancock John Marriott Edward Foyle Henry Cope Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Gloucester.

The Mayor for the tyme being Sir John Powell one of the Barons of Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer Sir John Guise Baronett Sir Duncombe Colchester Knight William Cooke William Trye John Guise John Cocks Esquires John Rogers William Hodges Robert Paine John Evens William Nicolles William Tayler Thomas Longden John Hyett Aldermen Thomas Snell William Scudamore junior Gyles Rodway Samuell Eckley Benjamin Rose Peter Haynes junior Thomas Webb Mercer John Bell William Nicholls junior Samuell Burrowes junior Thomas Edwards William Edwardf Gentlemen Richard Wintle William Jordon Nicholas Webb senior Thomas Webb Henry Futter Benjamin Hyett Thomas Gosling Arnold Aram Samuell Palmer Thomas Powell Nicholas Lane Wade Gentlemen.

3*

270

A. I). 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

For the County of Hereford.

The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Scudamore of Sligo in the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire Master of the Rolles one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Chambre Brabazon Esquire Sir William Gregory Knight one of the Justices of Theire Majesties Court of Kings Bench Sir John Morgan Sir Herbert Crofts Sir John Hoskins Baronettf Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Winnington Sir Thomas Duppa Sir John Williams Knightf Thomas Coningesby of Hampton Court William Fiennes Paul Foley Robert Harley Thomas Price John Dutton Colt Robert Price James Morgan John Scudamore of Kentchurch Thomas Cornwall of Stepelton Thomas Harley of Kingsham Ambrose Scudamore Richard Reed senior Richard Reed junior Herbert Westfailing Thomas Cocks Robert Cornwall Edward Cornwall William Dansey senior William Dansey junior John Arnold Charles Baldwin John Williams Richard Williams of Cabalva Edward Littleton Uvedale Tomkins Robert Chaplin Thomas Foley senior Thomas Foley junior James Gregory John Booth of Letton John How Jeremiah Bubb Edward Jackson Younger Cooke James Penoyer of the Moore Robert Dobbins Robert Minors William Winter William Lamb John Nurse Marshall Bridges Richard Barneby of Brockhainpton Ferdinando Gorges Thomas Howorth Robert Payne James Lloyd of the Moore Sandys Lechmere John Parry of Dulas Thomas Delahay Richard Kidley William Guillim of Langston senior Samuell Birch Anthony Rowden John Powell of the While Francis Baskervile of Eardsley Thomas Wigmore John Kirle John Goodyar James Wellington Silas Vaughan John Price Richard Skipp James Woodhouse of Woodhouse John Abrahal of Ingeston John Scudamore of Longarron Roger Scudamore of Trccella Thomas Rawlins Thomas Guillim of Whitchurch Robert Uvett John Birch Herbert Awbery Henry Gorges John Salway Esquires John Trist Thomas Alderne of Monington Stradle John Hoskins of Ponithon William Bridges of Colwell John Philipps of the Worlds End John Walsham John Whittington Henry Jones Thomas Owen of Little Brampton Thomas Carpenter of Tillington Essex Sherbourne Francis Woodhouse Humphrey Mayo John Wolrich Edward Rodd John Fletcher Francis Geers John Kidley junior of Fownehope John Hereford of Holme Lacy James Westfaling John Carver of Upton James Walwyn John Hereford of Sufton Daniel 1 Kerry Peter Smith John Smith of Holmer William Guillim of Langston junior Alban Thomas Humphrey Thomas Gentlemen Francis Fosbroke Benedict Delahay Rowland Jennings John Price of Vislacy John Symondf John Watkyns junior Richard Scudamore William Pleydall Esquire Rowland Baugh Thomas Berrington of Brickhouse Gentlemen.

For the City of Hereford

The Mayor for the tyme being The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdomc of Ireland Sir William Gregory one of the Justices of Theire Majesties Court of Kings Bench Paul Foley Henry Cornwall Herbert Westfaling Thomas Price James Wellington Esquires Robert Symondf Thomas Paynard Abraham Seward Thomas Matthewes Richard Wadely Aldermen Richard Poole Gabrieli Bleake Hugh Rodd John Williams senior John Williams junior James Price John Abrahall Richard Gower Edmund Weaver Theophilus Alye Thomas Church Thomas Alderne Gentlemen

For the Borough of Lempster.

John Dutton Colt Thomas Coningesby Edward Harley Esquires William Bach Edward Bangham Henry Browne John Jay John Williams John Walton James Powle Richard Jones Calib Powle James Caswald Thomas Harris James Winton Thomas Manninges Samuell Tyler William Phillipps Richard Powle Robert Foord John Powle Gentlemen.

For the County of Hertford.

The Right Honourable Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Robert Cecill Esquire The Honourable Sir William Egerton Knight of the Bath Sir Samuell Grimston Sir John Garrard Sir Richard Franklyn Sir John Austen Sir Robert Jocelyn Sir William Cowper Sir William Leman Sir Thomas Pope Blunt Sir Thomas Brograve Sir Jonathan Keate Sir John Witterong Sir Richard Anderson Sir Edmund Anderson Sir John Read Sir Benjamin Mattox Baronettf Sir Humphrey Gore Sir Charles Cesar Sir Ralph Ratcliffe Sir Thomas Bide Sir William Litton Sir John Bucknall Sir Robert Marsham Sir Francis Leigh Sir William Parkyns Sir Adam Ottley Sir Benjamin Tichbume Knightf George Churchill Silas Titus Henry Guy Robert Austen Thomas Austen William Gore Henry Gore Ralph Freeman senior Ralph Freeman junior Robert Ellways Thomas Halsey John Plummer Edward Chester William Cowper George Munson Francis Flyer Jeremiah Hale Thomas Priestley Thomas Atkins Israel Mayo Edward Briscoe senior Edward Briscoe junior William Briscoe Thomas Aram Gilbert Hoo Keat George Hadley James Witterong James Stedman Jonh Charleton William Emmerton Thomas Emmerton James Forrester James Gulston Matthew Bluck James Bernars William .Vilen Thomas Pasque John Weatherhead William Newce Samuell Robinson James Wilmott Thomas Stone John Gardiner Roger Coningsby Marmaduke Rawden Thomas Arris Robert Robotham John Gape senior Henry Child Richard Helder Goodwin Barrington John Methwen Joseph Marsh George Nodes Ralph Wingate Thomas Bird of Mattocks Bernard Turner Paris Slaughter John Duncombe George White Daniell Sheldon Edward Sairs Esquires Strange Jocelyn John Leman Josiah Lomax Thomas Lomax John Wooleston Thomas Nicholls of Bushey John Gape junior Eynon Bynon Thomas Howe Thomas Windford Edward Seymour Esquire Francis King John Poyner Nudigate Pointz Gentlemen Thomas Bowncst Esquire John Woodhouse Batchelor in Physick Edmund Smith William Greenhill ohn Jenkins Gentlemen The Mayor of St Albans and Hertford for the tyme being Sir Peter Soame Baronett Sir Thomas Rolt Knight Sir Henry C.hauncy Knight Anthony Farrington

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Maii. c.5.

271

Serjeant att Law Alexander Weld Thomas Drax alias Shatterdon John Farrington Charles Cullen Bacon

William Bristow Walter Wallinger Philipp Michell William Calvert Humphrey Hall Esquires John [Roberts'] Marmaduke Allington William Carpenter William Martin Esquires Nasby of Codicott John Diinsdell

Benjamin Jones Edward Baines junior Edward Haines Ralph Skinner George Draper Charles Rayner Richard Rayner Gentlemen John Yardley Doctor of Physick James Bennett William Harvey Esquires.

For the Borough of S' [Albans.*]

The Mayor Recorder and Aldermen for the tyme being Sir Samuell Grimston Baronett George Churchill Esquire Henry Killegrew Esquire Thomas Arris Esquire John Gape junior Esquire Robert Robotham Esquire.

For the County of Huntingdon.

The Honourable Robert Mountague Esquire the Honourable Sidney Wortley Mountague Esquire The Honourable Richard Mountague Esquire Sir John Cotton Sir Robert Bernard Baronettf Sir Lionell Walden Knight Sir Edmund Gardiner Knight Charles Mountague William Pierpoint John Proby John Dryden John Conyers Silas Titus Robert Apreece Arthur Tumour Charles Cesar John Bigg Anthony Hammond William Naylour James Torkington John Ferrar John Pocklington Robert Pulloine Philipp Storey Charles Cesar junior Robert Throgmorton John Trice Richard Drury Edward Pickering Henry A«hley Robert Williams Cornewallis Francis Harby Esquires

Robert Clarke John Ashcroft Richard Wynd Richard Hatly William Fuller James Wright Thomas Wright Edward Mason Marke Newman Thomas Gilbert John Bellamy Edward C.hcckley William Love Lawrence Blott John Poulter William Sparrow Roger Peck Thomas Trice Jonathan Read Gilbert Fann William Wye Robert Sewster

John Mason Simon Mason Gentlemen Thomas Mailes Vintner of Godmanchester

Mflf/ . siio)' 1 * * ndul

For the Towne of Huntingdon.

The Mayor for the tyme being The Honourable Sidney Wortley alias Mountague Esquire The Honourable Richard Mountague Esquire Sir Edmund Gardiner Knight John Pocklington Esquire Richard Astry James Fairside Thomas Sayer Joseph Darlow George Merrit William Dowce Thomas Harris Henry Angell Audeley

Philip Soper Gentlemen.

For the County of Kent.

Anthony Lord Viscount Faulkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairfax Baron of Cameroon of the Kingdome of Scotland The Honourable Peregrine Berty Esquire Sir William Twisden Sir Charles Sidley of Southfleete Sir Thomas Robertf Sir Charles Sidley of S' Cleare Sir Henry Falnier Sir George Rivers Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir John Knatchbull Sir Philipp Boteler Sir Thomas Styles Sir Bazill Dixwell Sir Stephen Leonard Sir John Marsham Sir John Rainy Sir Robert Hales Sir Humphrey Miller Sir William Ilonywood Sir Thomas Peirce Sir John Banks Sir Nathaniell Powell Sir John Austen Sir Thomas Selyard Sir Anthony Aucher Sir John Fagg Sir James Oxenden Knight and Baronett Sir William Swan Sir Robert Filmore Sir John Shaw Sir John Cutler Sir Roger Twisden Sir Francis Head Sir William Cooper Sir Francis Lawley Sir George Choute Sir Thomas Taylor Sir John Mordant Sir John Lethelier Baronettf Sir Jacob Astley Knight and Baronett Sir Edward Bettison Baronett Sir Michaell Byddolfe Baronett Sir Francis Leigh Sir William Pritchard Sir John Darrell Sir George Curtis Sir Charles Bickerstaffc Sir Henry Boswell Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Robert Faunce Sir Nicholas Toke Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir Robert Marsham Sir James Hayes Sir Joseph Williamson Sir William Langhorne Sir William Hooker Sir Purbeck Temple Knightf Sir Algemoon May Knight Colonell Beaumont Lieutenant of Dover Castle Christopher Vane Robert Smith Thomas Fane Edward Roper Edward Hales Thomas Knatchbull William Watton Charles Amhurst Jeoffery Amhurst Thomas Rider William Campion Caleb Banks John Leech Robert Lewkner Gideon De Laune John Kitchell George Harlackenden William Boys of Ilawkehurst William Henden Robert Austen senior Robert Crawford James Masters of Langden Walter Breames Herbert Randolph John Boys Esquires John Crumpe William Hammond James Chadwick William Kingsley Christopher Mills Samuell Short William Brockman of Bishborough William Brockman of Cheriton John Plummer of Northdowne Thomas Moyle Thomas Papillon Thomas Mun Francis Bathurst Esquires John Thurbone Serjeant att Law William De Laune Colonel! Thomas Sackvile James Bunce George Petty William Selby George Polhill John Hide Major Gibbon Robert Gibbon John Cooke Thomas Osborne James Herbert Ralph Buffkin John Brewer John Packer Thomas Dallison Edward Gulston William Cage Reynold Peckham William Honywood Nicholas Miller John Wilkinson Richard Godden Andrew Brewer Thomas Manley George Rooke John Ady Edward Cary Heneage Dering John Chaplin Esquire Edward Crayford Esquire Britton

Esquire Walter Hooper of Stockbury John Kenard Esquires Abraham Harrison Arnold King of Brumley Ellis Cunliffe of Chisleyhurst Robert Plott of Borden Philipp Papillon Henman Francis Waterman Thomas

Scott Gentlemen George Sayers Vice Chamberlaine to the Queene Dowager John Le Mott Honywood William Huggessen Leonard Diggs Thomas Gomeldon Julius Deeds John Sherman Christopher Dering Gcrrard Gore Nicholas Cooke Esquires Vincent Denn Serjeant att Law George Elcock Esquire William Jacob Doctor of Physick Henry Oxenden Henry Hawley Richard Oxenden Esquires Doctor Thomas Taylor Captaine Pettit of Thanet Moses Napleton Herbert Palmer Wortley Whorwood Henry Lee Esquires Charles Bargrave William Courthope Gentlemen Robert Heath John Evelyn Edward Austen William Lambert William Ash William Wilkinson John Mascall Philipp Bartholomew George Gifford Francis Farnaby Ralph Petley William Swann John Buggins Robert Austen junior James Codd Esquires Alexander Culpeper Samuell Plummer of Hollingbome William White John Crispe of Maidstone Roger Paine Thomas Napleton Edward Nutt Henry Marsh Thomas Brewer of Northfleete Thomas

Roberils O.

* Albons O.

272

8° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

J.DAG91.

Washer Robert Michell Thomas Blisse Jeffery Boise Samuell Shaw John Cason Captain Beake Thomas Hales junior George Curteis Thomas Adryan John Fotherby Francis Barrell Thomas Selyard Christopher Allison Henry Sandys Percifall Hart Edward ManningC Edward Brent James Fortry Edward Grace Edward King Thomas Gifford Edward Bettison Edward Toke William Randolph John Culpeper Thomas Meredith Humphrey Stiles Richard Hulseof Bethersden Thomas Withwick Edward Manley of Wooidham Benjamin Godfrey John Bond William Turner Barnham Powell William James Captaine Tomlin Christopher Mason Christopher Sherman Thomas Marsh Charles Kenrick John Linch Esquires Thomas Godfrey of Hodiford Charles Courthope Thomas Turner The Mayor of Rochester for the tyme being The Mayor of Maidstone for the tyme being John Bloome Charles Fagg George Withwick Thomas Brett William Brett The Jurats of Maidstone being Justices of the Peace The Bailiffe Jurats and Expenditors of Rumney Marsh for the tyme being Major Nettir of Maidstone Thomas Morris Coppin of Deale The Mayor of

Gravesend for the tyme being Christopher Waters William Yardley William Culpeper of Hollingborne John Christmas Thomas Chiffinch John Baron William Spencer Captain Courthope George Etkins Thomas Cooke of Bobbing Place William Tindall William Courthope Captaine Richard Symondf Captaine Francis Wheeler Charles Cesar Henry Packer Robert Minors Esquires Francis Brookes Thomas Skegg Gentlemen George Carter The Govemour of Upnoare Castle John Moys William Watson John Matson Gentlemen Isaac Abraham John Gibbs Robert Lushington Gentleman John Smith of Lee John Skynner Gentlemen John Smith Esquire Garrett Gallant Gentleman Richard Elay Robert Salman Robert Saunders Samuell Wood William Reader John Bryan Gentlemen Captaine Robertf Luke Spencer Gentlemen Thomas Plummer Gentleman William Dickson Esquire Peter

Short Gentleman The Mayor of Queenborough and Justices of the Peace for the tyme being.

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury.

John Beane Esquire Mayor Vincent Denne Esquire Serjeant att Law Recorder Sir William Honnywood Baronett Sir Anthony Aucher Knight and Baronett Henry Lee John Cason Edward Nutt Herbert Randolph Jeffery Boys William Turner and William Courthope Esquires William Jacob Doctor of Physick Thomas Taylor Doctor of Law William Watson Gentleman Thomas Fidge Thomas Knowler Nicholas Nicholson Thomas Dunkin William Guilbert John Gnarling Squire Beverton Henry Gibbs Francis Jeoffery and Henry Waddell Aldermen.

For the Towne and Port of Sandwich.

The Mayor and Jurats for the tyme being John Thurbarne Serjeant att Law Edward Brent Esquire and Richard Hawker Gentleman.

For the Towne and Port of Dover.

The Mayor for the tyme being Thomas Papillon James Chadwick Esquires George Wast William Richardf John Bullock Thomas Scott Edward Wyvell and Edward Francklin Jurats Sir Abraham Jacob Knight Nathaniell Denew John Matson Frederick De Vinck Robert Jacob Thomas Raworth Nicholas Cullen Charles Johnson John Ford William Eaton Philipp Yorke and Abraham Stock

For the Towne and Port of Romny.

Master John Hunt Mr John Mascall Mr Peter Marten Mr Richard Baker Mr John Chantler Mr William Finch Mr Peter Evans

For the Towne and Port of Hythe.

The Mayor for the tyme being Sir Philipp Boteler Baronett William Brockman Esquire Julius Deedes Esquire Robinson Beane Heary Deedes William Browne Claudius Clare Elias Bassett Jurats Thomas Toumay Gentleman.

For the Towne of Fordwich.

The Mayor for the tyme being Samuell Short Esquire.

For Feversham.

[The1] Mayor for the tyme being Charles Kendrick Thomas Napleton Thomas Knowles Richard Marsh Francis Waterman Joseph Edwardf Gentlemen

For the Towne of Folkeston.

The Mayor for the tyme being Sir Bazill Dixwell Baronett William Brockman Esquire William Jenkins Miles Jacob Thomas Fagg Robert Hammond Gibbon Lad Thomas Jenkins Mr Nicholls Mr Masters

Jurats

For the Towme of Lyd.

Julius Deedes Esquire Henry Wynne Esquire Mr John Bateman Mr Humphrey Lee Mr William Batchelor Mr Nicholas Dye Mr John Marshall.

For the Towne of Tenterden.

The Mayor for the tyme being Sir George Choute Robert Austen senior Esquire Robert Austen junior Esquirt Robert Wightwick James Skeates William Curteis John Mantle Thomas Sharpe John Whitfeild William Finch Gentlemen.

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1691.

273

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

For the Towne and Port of Winchelsea.

The Mayor for the tyme being Harris Gentleman Edward Martin Thomas Hovenden John Richardson

Thomas Symons Fuller Esquire.

For the Towne and Port of Hasdngf.

The Mayor for the tyme being Thomas Lovell Captaine John Hide Richard Watts Philipp Lovell Captaine John Millard John Medhurst Jurats.

For the Antient Towne of Rye.

The Mayor for the tyme being John Spaine Michaell Cadman Nicholas Manouth John Smith Henry Goldsmith.

For the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Richard Lord Colchester Sonne and Heire apparent of the Earle Rivers Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earl of Macclesfeild The Honourable James Stanley The Honourable Fitton Gerrard Esquires The Honourable Hugh Willoughby The Honourable George Cholmondeley Esquires Sir Charles Houghton Sir Edmund Ashton Sir Thomas Stanley Sir Ralph Ashton Sir Robert Duckenfeild Sir Richard Standish Sir William Pennington Sir Henry Ashurst Baronettf Sir Jeoffery Shackerley Sir Edward Chisenhall Sir Daniell Fleming Sir Edward Moseley Sir Thomas Rawlinson Knightf Thomas Cotton Roger Mainwaring Peter Leigh Peter Bold Thomas Norris James Holt Roger Kirkby Thomas Preston Edward Fleetwood Henry Farrington William Farrington Alexander Rigby of Layton Lawrence Rawsthorne William Hilton Thomas Greenhalgh Alexander Butterworth Thomas Braddyll James Lightbowne John Entwisle Christopher Parker Thomas Dodd Thomas Ashurst Thomas Banks James Duckenfeild James Chetham of Turton John Hopwood Joshua Horton Thomas Peircivall John Hartley Joseph Yates John Warren Alexander Rigby of Middleton Edward Rigby Thomas Rigby of Wray Anthony Parker Christopher Wilkinson Ralph Longworth Peter Shackerleigh Christopher Greenfeild Roger Kenyon Francis Lindley James Chetham of Smedley Silvester Richmond Peter Egerton William Hulme of Davy-Hulme John Braddyll William Kirkby Thomas Cole Roger Moore Edward Wilson Miles Sands John Fenwick Thomas Shierson Benjamin Houghton John llodgshon Alexander Mawdsley Ralph Livesay junior Thomas Brotherton Nicholas Starkey Thomas Lever Thomas Dickenson Richard Entwisle Esquires William Fleming Roger Fleming Edward Herle Robert Clayton Bamaby Hesketh Thomas Rigby of Aspull Oswald Moseley John Veale Henry Rigley Joseph Gregg William Maghull Thomas Patten Thomas Serjeant [ *] Pilkinton Esquires William Patten Ralph Egerton Richard

Fleetwood Alexander Ratcliffe Nathaniell Molineux Edward Booth Peter Ormerod Thomas Rishton Ambrose Barcroft Nicholas Cunliffe Thomas Bradshaw Nicholas Hammond Roger Lacy Esquires John Starkey Jonathan Blackbourne Samuell Hilton Jonathan Case Edmond Homeby Richard Longworth Thomas Foster Thomas Smith Thomas Fife William Sclater William Lowde Robert Bootle John Latus Richard Rivington John Case James Ashton Cuthbert Holland Andrew Danby Jeoffrey Roby John Clayton Thomas Clayton Richard Houghton William Ashton Alexander Davis John Sorocold John Lawnders Robert Molineux Richard Peircivall John Latham Robert Carter James Ashton Robert Roper John Nuttall Martin Willis Thomas Grantham Joseph Huddleston Joseph Fletcher Robert Atkinson Josiah Hird William Hutton of Thorpensty George Allenson John Widdowes John Allen Thomas Catterall Peter Worthington William Leigh John Johnson Robert Shaw Thomas Golborne senior William Patten William Molineux Nathaniell Abram Jeremy Smethurst George Derbyshire George Golborne Thomas Patten John Wilme John Golborne junior Thomas Haywood Robert Haliwell James Holland Ralph Fincham Richard Dickinson John Talson of Grisdall Thomas Whalley James Norcroft Miles Whittacre Thomas Sudell Gentlemen Thomas Wilson John Talhad of Ireby The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Bayliffes of Lancaster for the tyme being Charles Rigby Esquire William Penny Thomas Metcalfe John Tarleton Thomas Waller John Greenwood The Mayor Aldermen and Bayliffes of the Borough or Towne of Preston for the tyme being John Ferrers Alexander Johnson Esquires Doctor Charles Leigh Daniell Chadwick John Roberts Thomas Greenfeild [Robert *] Sudell senior William Shaw The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Bayliffes for the Borough of Wigan for the tyme being John Byram Edward Herle Esquires The Steward for the Borough of Newton for the tyme being George Leigh, Leigh Bowden, the Bayliffes of Clitheroe for the tyme being John Lister Arthur Ashton Robert Sclater John Webster Thomas Alston Thomas Hird William Oddey Richard Sagar Anthony Walmesley The Mayor and Bayliffes of Liverpoole for the tyme being Thomas Brookbanke Thomas Tyrer James Prescott William Clayton Richard Windle Aldermen Peter Atherton John Molineux Thomas Johnson Gentlemen Edward Bootle Thomas Benson William Simpson Gentlemen Gabrieli Crofts Esquire.

For the County of Leicester.

The High Sheriffe for the tyme being Thomas Lord Beaumont of the Kingdome of Ireland Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Sir William Rawlinson one of the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seale of England The Right Honourable Lord William Pawlett Second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton The Honourable John Noell Esquire The Honourable Robert Sherley Esquire Sir William Villers Sir Thomas Hesilrige Sir Beaumont Dixie Sir Henry Hudson Sir William Halford Sir George Beaumont Sir John Noell Baronettf Sir William Ellis Sir Edward Abney Sir Edward Wigley Sir Ambrose Phillipps Sir William Yorke Knightf John Cooke Jeoffery Palmer Richard Lister senior John Delafountaine John [VemeyCharles Moris Thomas Boothby Robert Hesilrige William Boothby William Hartopp Thomas Babbington John Bennett Thomas Caldecote Wiliam Colle William Bird Samuell Cotten Thomas Pochin junior William Streetc Roger Roe Roger Smith

1 There is no Blank in the Original A&.

1 Roger 0.

5 Varney O.

274

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

A.D. 1691.

George Pochin Christopher Pack Henry Hastings Matthew Johnson Thomas Wilson Robert Hesilridge junior Edward Needham [Stanhope1] Whaley William Franke Thomas Noble William Jesson George Hewett Charles Duncombe Richard Brudnell John Danvers Rowland Browne Edward Conniers Francis Needham Richard Bradgate Lawrence Carter William Bainbrige Edward Hudson Edward Smith William Palmer Samuell Danvers Richard Lister junior George Ashby William Faunt Henry Kendall John Wilkins William Herrick John Wilson John Streete Walter Chet wind Charles Farneham William Woolleston, Woolleston Dixie Nathan Wright John Major John Oneby Thomas Lewes James Armeston Thomas Chamells Michaell Wrightson Thomas Abney Francis Mundy John Bainbrigge William Bellgrave Henry Henningham John Chamberlaine William Rawlins Thomas Hartope William Ashby James Halsall Everard Goodman Charles Jennens John Steele William Jarvis William Rowlingf junior Henry Turner John Benskin Henry Gilbert William Watson William Major John Hood Theophilus Greene John Goodman Mr Deane Leonard Vow William Atkins Tyringham Stephens John Colles Robert Freeman

Thomas Andrewes George Vincet William Billers Henry Dyson Thomas Miles of Shinton Richard Walker Mr Clarke of Gilorton Thomas Woodcocke of Came John Watts

For the Borough of Leicester.

George Beckett Esquire Mayor of the Borough of Leicester Matthew Symondf Esquire Sheriffe of the County of Leicester Nathan Wright William Franke and John Major Esquires William Southwell William Deane John Goodall Philipp Abney John Robertf George Bent Willian Bently Joseph Cradocke William Billers William Major Thomas Palmer junior Thomas Wells John Watts John Wilkins John Bent William Sheares Edmund Johnson William Cox John Norris Edmund Cradocke John Brookesby Thomas Palmer senior Thomas Lawrence and William Orton Gentlemen Sir Edward Abney Knight and Lawrence Carter Esquire Thomas Ludlan John Cracroft Samuell

Woodland and John Abney Gentlemen.

For the County of Lincolne and City of Lincolne and for the County of the said City.

The Right Honourable William Lord Pawlett second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton The Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Nicholas Saunderson The Honourable [Peregrine *] Bertie the elder The Honourable Charles Bertie senior The Honourable Peregrine Bertie junior The Honourable Philipp Bertie The Honourable Charles Saunderson The Honourable William Montague Craven Howard Sir Henry Monson Sir Thomas Hussey Sir John Brownlow Sir John Tyrwitt Sir John Newton Sir George Marsham Sir John Thorold Sir Willoughby Hickman Sir William Ellis Sir Richard Cust Sir Edward Hussey Sir William Buck Sir Richard Rothwell Sir John Oldfeild Sir Thomas Trollops Sir John Bolles Sir Richard Earle Sir Walter Clarges Sir Thomas Barnadiston Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Thomas Rolt Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Massingbird Sir John Sherard Sir Thomas Skipwith Baronettf Sir Edward Aiscough Sir William Yorke Sir Christopher Nevill Sir Edmund Turner Knightf Sir Henry Herne Knight of the Bath Charles Dimmock [Champion2] Charles Pelham William Marwood Thomas Broughton Thomas Skipwith Thomas Lister Henry Stone Robert Ryley Noah Neale Edward Payne Edward Montague John Sanders William [Welby3] William Hyde senior William Hyde junior Anthony Palmer Esquires Sir Pury Cust The Mayor Aldermen Recorder and Sheriffs of the City of Lincolne The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Grimsby The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Boston The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of [Stanford4] The Aldermen of Grantham William Hascard Edward Seeker John Robinson Edward Codington Symon Grant Robert Cole Thomas Ireland Thomas Colt William Clarke Thomas Crichloe Nathaniell Garthwaite Doctor Lee Gentlemen Anthony Wingfeild Charles Halford Peregrine Bertie of Gedney Esquires The Warden of Lowth John Newton Mountague Cholmly William Brownlow Richard Winch Stephen Rothwell William Trollop Peregrine Buck John Micklethwaite John Goodrick Richard Pell Samuell Ludington Esquires John Browne William Montague Gentlemen Sir Edward Farmer Sir Robert Barkham Baronetts John Bolt John Wood Benjamin King Andrew Burton Gentlemen Gilbert Bury Esquire Peter Bird Gentleman Thomas Bury Cyprian Thornton Edward Turney Esquires David Feild Gentleman William Chapman John Chaplin Christopher Berisford Thomas Hall Vincent Grantham Francis Grantham George Whitchcott George Nevill Bryan Nevill Robert Cawdron George Hall Thomas Cowley John Harvey Esquires The Deane and Chapter of Lincolne Lake George Fairfax Thomas Young William Thompson John Hussey

Matthew Lister Matthew Trollop Robert Ryder senior Dimmock Walpoole John Fisher John Byshopp Richard Forksey John Pindar- George Knight Christopher Palmer Sigismond Trafford Francis Purley Benjamin Smith Peter Short Robert Archer Esquires Richard Cuthbert George Newcomen Gentlemen Charles Fox Rawston Hart Edward Browne of Hoblin Charles [Bates5] John Toller George Langton senior George Langton junior Charles Hutton Robert Fisher Francis Anderson Edmund Anderson Esquires Thomas Ayscough Gentleman John Ely Edwin Anderson Esquires John How John Greene junior James Ashton Knott of Hurpswell John Towne George Smith

William Bonner Gentleman Johnson of Witham Henry Jenkinson Henry Burrell Captaine Pownell Ruben

Sparks John Jay Walter Johnson Esquires William Wallett William Ambler Francis Corey Gentlemen Martyn Johnson Robert Tyrwhitt Esquires Peter Mapletoft John Emerson Thomas Harnesse John Butler Gentlemen Daniell De Lyne Robert Saunders Adam Bland Richard Nelthorpe John Thorold Isaac Newton Thomas Collison Thomas Tigh Thomas Williamson John Burton William Cotton John Appleyard Francis Aiscough Thomas Webberley John Key John Ivatts William Tayler of Heckinton Edward Curtis Lewis Hurst William Tomlins of Riby Anthony Burton Humphrey Hyde Benjamin Cuthbert William Stanford John Micklethwaite junior Thomas Turney John Quincy John Garland Joseph Edmondf William Yorke Charles Fitz Williams Syriac Weaslehead Robert Jenkinson

> Stamhope 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

J Webby O.

4 Stamford O.

* Bates O.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

275

Thomas Billcliflfe junior Charles Beaty Thomas Hardy William Osgodby John Nelthorpe Thomas More Esquires Edmund Inkcrsall Edmund Dickinson William Greene of Long Sutton Nathaniell Thorold Gentlemen John Ayscough Martin Browne Henry Newstead William Marshall John Neive Charles Newcomin Gentlemen Doctor Fullwood of Stamford John Evans George Clayton and William Long of Barton Gentlemen.

For the City of London.

The Lord Mayor Aldermen and Sheriffs of the City of London for the tyme being Sir George Treby Knight Theire Majesties Attorney Generali and Recorder Sir John Cutler Sir Sainuell Barnardiston Sir John Mordant Sir Benjamin Ayloffe Sir Richard Temple Sir Henry Ashurst BaroncttC Sir Thomas Clarges Sir James Smith Sir Benjamin Newland Sir John Matthewes Sir Thomas Vernon Sir William Russell Sir Robert Adams Sir Jeremy Sambrooke Sir William Hedges Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir Thomas Rawlinson Sir Bazill [Firebrace1] Sir Gabrieli Roberts Sir Simon Lewis Sir William Dodson Sir Joseph Herne Sir Edward Desbovery Sir Ralph Box Sir Thomas Cooke Sir Stephen Evance Sir Peter Paravicine Sir John Cope Sir John Browne Knightf Sir John Somers Knight Theire Majesties Sollicitor Generali Sir Thomas Davall Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir John Shawe Sir Thomas Chambers Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Thomas Pope Blount Sir Robert Rich Sir William Cooper Sir William Lemon Sir William Wogan Theire Majesties Serjeant att Law Thomas Papillon Esquire Doctor Henry Newton Chancellor of London Lieutenant Colonell John Perry Thomas Westerne William Strong Nathaniell Hawes John Machell Baker John Foche Nicholas Charleton William Hooker Jeoffrey Jeffreys Anthony Sturt Charles

Chambers Richard Aly John Buckworth John Nicholls Ambrose lsted Arthur Chainpneyes John Bathurst James Hoblun George Sitwell Arthur Barron Richard Garth Charles Duncombe Daniell Sheldon Thomas Goddard William Ivatt Nathaniell Horneby John Crispe Robert Boddington Francis Gosfright Thomas Ryder Henry Hunter John Hoyle Thomas Watts William Fazakerly John Flavell John West John More Godfrey Woodward Thomas Crane William Carpenter William Whitehall Abraham Jaggard William Lemon Richard Holder Hugh Strode John Fenzell Robert Brabourne Robert Whittingham Edward Baker William Stamper John Ashby [Edmund1] Philipps George Cole James Clement Edmond Prideaux Lieutenant Colonell Pearce Thomas Phelpe Henry' Crispe Richard Bristow Samuell Trot man John Westcott William Robinson Thomas Firmin Thomas Coulson Roger Gillingham Thomas Pitt Gregory King Henry Dethick Esquires Doctor George Oxenden William Robinson Samuell Shepherd Merchant? Thomas Rogers George Bearcroft John Blake Merchant Sir Peter Vandeputt William Edwardf John Chancy John Mould John Martyn George Bonne Wadham Windham Samuell Somerford Esquires Peter Floyer Richard Normansell Charles Fletham Thomas Gardner Henry Lewis Peter Joy John Cooke William Pellatt William Withers Thomas Blackmore Percivall Gilborne Nicholas Caplin John Kent John Knapp John Cooke William Falkner John Genewe Francis Chamberlaine William Woodroffe John Midgley James Oades George Newland Thomas Langham Walter Coventry Daniell Allen William Pett William Jarrett Francis Dash wood John Freeman Arthur Stanley William Craddock Thomas Laxton Samuell Clarke John Morice Isaac Hoblun Robert Masters Richard Acton William Warren Herbert Alwyn Thomas Jene Thomas Woods Anthony Balam William Newberry Richard Yerbury Thomas Tokefeild Thomas Sandford Samuell Steines Francis Griffith John Johnson Peter Pickering Thomas Dashwood Richard Hoare Nicholas Alexander Robert Bedingfeild Thomas Darwin James Smith Rupert Browne James Woods James Fowles Joseph Hornebey Richard Nicholls Robert Raworth Francis Brerewood Richard Goodall Thomas Salter Samuell Ongley Nicholas Smith Thomas Collett Richard Edmondson George Peck Sir Richard Raines Sir Charles Hedges Sir Thomas Saint George Charles Ball Richard Wynne John Wilcox Arthur Shallott Peter Percivall Richard Gwyn Gilbert Heathcott Michaell Godfrey Timothy Delannoy William Gun Marke Streeton Rowland Answorth John Cary Sir John Woithyn Sir Robert Southwell George Booth Esquire Godolphin Esquire George Nicholas Thomas Cuthbert Edward Jenkinson William Cole Samuell Waldoe John Harvey Captaine William Walker John Knight Esquire Henry Cornish Augustine Sallow Richard Hutchinson Esquires William Stradwick Charles Mountague [ Esquires3] John Sansoun Esquire Thomas Martyn Robert Foster Thomas Philipps Joseph Wright Marke Stratton.

For the County of Middlesex.

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons First Lord Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire Chancellor of Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Charles Herbert Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent of his Grace the Duke of Beaufort The Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire Sonne of the Right Honourable the Earle of Bedford Charles Lord Cheyney of the Kingdome of Scotland Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Henry Lord Colraine of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Right Honourable Charles Earle of Macclesfeild The Right Honourable Sir William Rawlinson and Sir George Hutchins Two of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seale of England The Right Honourable Sir John Holt Knight Lord Chiefe Justice of England The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire Master of the Rolls and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Robert Atkyns Knight of the Bath Speaker of the House of Peers and Lord Cheife Baron of theire Majest'es Court of Exchequer The Right Honourable the lx>rd Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Henry Pagett Esquire The Honourable Sir Robert Howard The Honourable Craven Howard Esquire The Honourable Edward Mountague File Honourable Henry Priestman The Honourable Thomas Newport The Honourable Peregrine Bertie The Honourable Charles Mountague The Honourable Robert

1 Firebrass 0.

* Edward 0.

3 Esquire 0.

27 6

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

Shirley Esquires Sir Charles Gerard Sir William Cooper Sir William Roberts Sir Anthony Craven Sir William Smith Sir Richard Fisher Sir Cave James Sir Paul Whitchcott Sir William Barkhatn Sir Thomas Pope Blount Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Henry Ashurst Sir John Banks Sir William Williams Sir Henry Marwood Sir Richard Onslow Sir Roger Langley Sir John Cutler Sir Philipp Cartwright Sir Satnuell Barnardiston Sir John Wolstenholme Sir William Booth Sir Walter Clarges Sir John Hoskins Sir James Rushout Baronettf Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Robert Henley Sir Thomas Byde Sir John Elwes Sir James Butler Sir Thomas Rowe Sir Richard Downeton Sir William Hill Sir Francis Pemberton Sir Henry Johnson Sir Orlando Gee Sir Theodore De Vaux Sir Thomas

Kensey Sir Anthony Keck Sir Thomas Fowles Sir Basill [Firebrace1] Sir William Hedges Sir Matthew Andrewes

Sir Charles Cotterell Sir Edward Waldoe Sir Thomas Grantham Sir John Roberts Sir Purbeck Temple Sir Lacon William Child Sir Miles Cooke Sir John Francklyn Sir Adam Otteley Sir James Astry Sir Robert Legard Sir William Parky ns Sir Goddard Nelthorpe Sir Edward Abney Sir Thomas Hodgson Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Sir Michaell Henage Sir William Ashurst Sir William Pritchard Sir William Wogan Sir Charles Umfrevile Sir John

Trenchard Sir Charles Lee Sir James Smith Sir Thomas Chambers Sir John Bucknall Sir Edmund Warcupp

Knightf Sir George Treby Their Majesties Attorney Generali Sir John Somers Their Majesties Sollicitor Generali Sir Jeremy Sambrooke Sir Francis Child Sir Thomas Rawlinson Sir John Tremaine Sir James Etheridge Sir Francis Leigh Sir Bartholomew Shoare Sir Thomas Cooke Sir Stephen Fox Sir Robert Marsham Sir William Whitlock Sir Michaell Wharton Sir Robert Holmes Sir Edward Wood Sir Robert Dacres Sir Heneage Fetherston Sir Thomas Middleton Knightf Ralph Hawtrey Thomas Done and Brooke Bridges Auditors of Theire Majesties Imprest Accompts Charles Duncombe John Phelips Esquire one of the Auditors of Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer Henry Portman Nicholas Raynton Joshua Galliard James Mundy William Avery John Smith Adam Andrewes Edward Harris John Walker and John Walton of Hadley John Huxley John Bathurst Thomas Austin William Austin William Tate William Bluck Charles Young Thomas Jackson Roger Gillingham James Chadwick William Draper Richard Atkyns Thomas Wyndham Cheeke Gerrard Thomas Francklyn Richard Page John Baggs John Nicoll Lancelot Lake Edmund Prideaux Thomas Napier Richard Bowater John Haley Tanner Arnold John Powell George Sitwell Edward [Mapleden1] Richard Shoreditch John Stanyon Roger Jenningf John Jenningf of Heese Francis Merrick Matthew Johnson Clerke of the Parliament f Thomas Harrison John Walker of Hillingdon Henry Hawley Christopher Clitheroe Nicholas Grice John Davenport Richard Parker Robert Beale Robert Newdigate Lancelot Johnson Henry Collins Thomas Pearshouse Richard Lugg Edward Jenningf John Crosier Jasper English Henry Reynell Thomas Wood Leonard Hamond Charles Duncombe Daniell Fox John Jones Thomas Bridal 1 Daniell Proctor John Slater John Fontleroy Richard Derbyshire Edward Prodgers Robert Headding William Gulston Paul Jodrell Clerke of the Honourable House of Commons Edward Harbey Ralph Bucknall Thomas Owen John Le Neve Daniell Sheldon Peter Knight Henry Hassard Samuell Bluck Richard Milner John Milner Narcissus Lutterell Francis Twisden Emerton George Edwards Carew Guydott Edward Goldesborough

Richard Price Doctor John Edisbury Roger Meredith Samuell Keck Shem Bridges Richard Garth Bazill Herne junior Do<stor Thomas Hobbs Littleton Powell William Freeman Thomas Simpson Abraham Nelson John Hungerford John Plumer William Thursby John Cooke Thomas Windford William Tempest Richard Aston James Southaby Humphrey Etherington Francis Browne Samuell Somerford Samuell Buck William Etterick Matthew Bluck Edward Byde Hugh Simpson Albion Clare Aaron Pengry John Lloyd John Dawling Richard Dyott James Tyssor Daniell Baker Francis Griffith Francis Thacker Edward Noell Robert Frampton Richard Haley Thomas Goodwin Charles Bonython Craven Peyton Robert Hastingf Samuell Trotman Richard Holford Peter Lugg Thomas Offley Erasmus Smith John Methwen John Higden John Rawlinson John Milbourne The Commissioners [of the Excise3] for the tyme being Nathaniell Hilton John Hastingf Richard Adams Hugh Hamersley John Bradford John Coggs William Whitacrc Tobias Eden Robert Pugh Isaac Foxcroft Philipps Philazer John Ashbey Anthony

Withers George Manley Thomas Medlicott Theophilus Eyton Thomas Christie John Smith Daniell Baker Humphrey Bradshaw William Bird senior of Hackney Henry Barker Clerke of the Crowne Robert Sheffield Thomas Hinsloe Thomas Alston Francis Brende Thomas Methold John Creed Gregory King Thomas Webb Thomas Hensnaw Richard Taylor Anthony Nourse Thomas Gregg Richard Woodward Charles Fox Robert Clarkson Foot Onslow Henry Lambe Francis Barry John Loven junior DoSor Edward Chamberlaine Thomas Harriott Thomas Hall Thomas Smith William Culliford William Withers John Pery John Crosse Robert Heyton Ralph Byde Edward Beker Stanton of Stoake Newington Roger Wood Fetherston James Harrison James Cardrow

Roger Gillingham Captaine Den of Clarkcnwell John Crosse Thomas Johnson Henry Tyson Thomas [Casse1] Edward Nortley William Nortley Lucy Knightly Arthur Baley Hopefor Bendall Peter Bourdeaux George Bohun William Johnson Anthony Sturt Thomas Worley John Cave Matthew Bateman Henry Loads Joseph Blisset Samuell Twynn Nathaniell Owen William Wildey John Ndrth William Ifeild George Ford William Wakelin Henry Russell Richard Savile Henry Risby Henry Dethick John Vandebende Esquires John Bourne Gabrieli Sparke William Warre Robert Cowden Richard Cheyney George Board Nathaniell [Mountney4] John Goldesborough Thomas Grimble Peter Leceux Paul Docminique Captaine Batson John Woodfine Samuell Knowles Thomas Graves Thomas

Wilcox Thomas Freeman Captaine John Nicholson Captaine William Snelling John Andrewes Thomas Glover Thomas Casse junior Captaine Edward Noble Edward Weaver Captaine William Davis Richard Wildey Richard Awberry William Benson Arthur Bamadiston Charles Osbourne John Robins Simon Harcourt Clerke of the Peace for the County of Middlesex Simon Harcourt Esquire Counseller att Law John Hookes James Allen Thomas Browne Esquire John East Goldsmith Charles Hawtrey William Bird Philipp Mitchell Francis Ashby William Fenne Henry Cave senior Henry Cave junior William Walker of Hillingdon Richard Parkins Nathaniell Lacy Robert Burdett William Bampfeild Richard Cheslym William Webb Thomas Harris Anthony Guydot John Cannon John

• Firebrasse 0. * Maplcsdon O. * interlined on the Roll. « Mountgomcry O.

A.D.i6<n.

277

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

Bay ley John Meridale Robert Longland John Barnes Anthony Wells Ralph Clayton Simon Fuller Thomas Rudd Captaine Joseph Stephens Captaine George Phiney junior Nathaniell Mountney John Tryard Doctor Thomas Hobbs Dalby Thomas Robert Dormer [ Esquire1] Thomas Brotherton Esquire Nathaniell Hudson Gentleman Sir Walter Plummer Baronett Sir William Leaman Richard Garth Esquire Edward Ambrose Gentleman William Stewkly Esquire Sir Edward Wood William Culpepper Esquire Thomas Fich Esquire John Gulson Gentleman Sir John Cope Baroneit Sir Philipp Boteler John Temple Henry Ludlow Hercules Horsey Nicholas Barbon Esquires William Duncombe Gentleman Edward Trotman Edward Progers Thomas Owen John Tredenham Samuell Buck Edward Rouse William Lightfoote Thomas Neale Esquires Dottor Owen Wynne Joseph Offley Esquire Rober Cecill Esquire Ralph Bucknall Esquire John Temple Esquire William Bridges John Raymond Richard Craddock Robert Hastingf John Wilcox.

For the City of Westminster and Liberties thereof.

The Right Honourable Richard Earl of Ranelagh of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire one of Theire Majesties most Honorable Privy Councell and one of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury The Right Honourable Sir John Lowther of Lowther Baronett one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill and one of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury The Right Honourable Sir Stephen Fox Knight one of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury and the Right Honourable Thomas Pelham Esquire another of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury The Right Honourable Sir Robert Howard Knight one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Edward Russell Esquire one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Hohourable Hugh Boscawen Esquire one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Henry Powle Esquire Master of the Rolles and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill William Lord Eland Sonne and Heire apparent to the Marquesse of Hallifax Edward Lord Cornebury Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Clarendon Anthony Lord Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Craven Howard Philipp Howard Peregrine Bertie Charles Bertie Colonell Thomas SackvilJ Bernard Granville John Granville Thomas Howard Henry Maynard Charles Montague Henry Frederick Thynne William Cheyney Thomas Newport Esquires Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir Samuell Grimston Sir Charles Carterett Sir Walter C.larges Sir Roger Langley Sir Thomas Littleton Sir John Cotton Sir Robert Cotton Sir Robert Pye Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Peter Colliton Sir Henry Marwood Sir John Cutler Sir William Honywood Sir Peter Colliton Baronettf Sir William Wogan Theire Majesties Serjeant att Law Sir Thomas C larges Sir Joseph Seymour Sir Thomas Montpesson Sir John Ellwes Sir Philipp Meadowes Sir John Nicholas Sir Richard Temple Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Charles Cotterell Sir Cyrill Wych Sir Charles Ohara Sir William Orpe Sir Christopher Wrenn Sir James Hayes Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Robert Henley Sir John Trenchard Sir John Bucknall Sir William Farmer Sir Thomas Chambers Sir Robert Holmes Sir Thomas Saint George Sir Michaell Cole Sir Jonathan Jennings Sir William Cowper Sir Thomas Orbye Sir Thomas Travell Knightf Sir George Treby Theire Majesties Attorney Generali Sir John Somers Theire Majesties Solicitor Generali All the Officers of the Board of Green Cloth The Three Prothon[o l]taries of the Court of Common Pleas for the tyme being Charles Fox John Loveing Francis Villers Henry Guy Francis Gwynn Richard Morley Thomas Done Brooke Bridges William Aldworth John Phelipps Hugh Squire James Vernon Peter Shakerley Charles Bonithon Edward Cary Thomas Watkins Richard Newman James Sheffeild Benjamin Cooling Doctor Owen Wynne William Bridgman Walter Bridall Thomas Neale Christopher Vane Matthew Lock Michael Babington John Currance Simon Smith Edmond Ogar David Crawford Andrew Laurance William Shaw John Tullye William Richardf William Blathwait Richard Pagett Edmond Waller John Pottenger Francis Negus Ralph Marshall Robert Feilding John Knight John Baber John Rawkins Nicholas Fenne James Tisser Anthony Rowe Roger Gillingham Nicholas Martin William Seabrooke Edward Salisbury John Wilson John Topham Thomas Payne Richard Dalton Philipp Fairwell William Fowles John Ady Guicciardino Wentworth John Packer Peter Hume Gervas Price Thomas Newport John Walker of the Exchequer Charles Whittaker William Baber Matthew Johnson Clerke of the Parliamentf John Walker Esquire Paul Jodrell Clerke of the House of Commons Philip Foster Thomas Pitt John Squibb Benjamin Jeffries Colonell Edmund Mayne Colonell Edward Rowse Colonell John Fitz Patrick John Pultenay John Hastingf William Gulston Henry Priestman James Southerne Eldred Lancelott Lee Nicholas Barbon Edward Progers Humphrey Hethrington Thomas Hall John Dives Philipp Ryley Edward Richbell Lawrence Stannion William Thursby Major Thomas Taylor Jasper English Lawrence Saint Loe Charles Chetwind Thomas Owen William Germaine Albian Chaier Ralph Bucknall Francis Knollis Henry Colt Dives Edmund Webb Esquires Martin Lister John Radcliffe Gideon Harvey

Leonard Pluckenett Robert Feilding Doctors of Physick Bartholomew Phillingham Charles Twitty William Lowndf Robert Squibb Thomas Wymondesold Humphrey Maston John Spicer John Taylor John I.owe Bartholomew Burton Robert Knott John Creed William Ball John Milner Richard Milner John Roydhouse Dionisius Andrews Edmund Woodruff John Cleare John Smalbone Nehemiah Arnold Richard Rider Gerard Cotter Captaine John Taylder Captaine Richard Crispe Captaine Henry New Thomas Templeman Morice Hunt James Chace Joshua Drayner George Cooper John Haynes John Lugg Richard Wheeler Richard Lassells Charles Rampaigne Michael Arnold Ralph Hutchinson Marke Lawne Richard Fitz-gerald James St Amand Charles Knott John Clayton John Worley and Edmund Yeomans of St Clement Danes Richard Cooper John Rosington Matthias Cooper Lewis Prescott John Frost Simon Smith Merchant John Martin William Greene Richard Heybourne Erasmus Dryden John Hookes Thomas Browne Richard Fisher Richard Owen Thomas Linacre Philip Blundell John England John Bolt Richard Stephens Augustine Beare Peter Levigne Francis Chapman William Greenaway Anthony Crachrode Michael Miles Robert Wood James Supple John Blundell Edward Hutchins John Angier John Stone Robert Stone

1 Esquires O.

Vul. VI.

* interlined on the Roll.

278

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

George Rainton Richard Miller John Vigures George Pluckenett Captaine John Partridge John Clayton Thomas Morgan Spalding Richard Hutton Rowland Greenwood Jacques Wiseman Thomas Thoroton Henry

Robins George Meggott James Fcame Thomas Bridgman John Hinder Peter Rudge Thomas Jones Samuel Burch Samuel Pryer Robert Wood Cock of Long Acre James Butterby Thomas Mansell Thomas Rider

William Mascall Kdward Salter William Blackaller William Jacob Thomas Crosse Moses Porter William Read William Standish William Willis Christopher Sheene Tanner Arnold Henry Rogers Richard Topham Anthony Segar Samuel Brewster John Howlett Thomas Railton Morris Emmett junior Giles Burrowes John Rampaigne John Morley Robert Butler Michael Miles Gilbert Herring John Kemp James Franks Samuel Peacock Nicholas Pickering Thomas Tuckey Nicholas Collins Nicholas Freeman Mordet Creherode James Cunningham Thomas Harrison Crispe Grange John De Sheer of Covent Garden Thomas Browne Nathaniel Hilton John Hastings Richard Adams Hugh Hainersley John Bradford William Whitaker Anthony Withers Christopher Deane Henry Jones Edmond Godwin Edmond Fuller Alexander Mann John Martin Benjamin Bayles Thomas Sutton Thomas Gratwicke Nicholas Spaulton Charles Peter Francis Thacker Captaine John Woodhouse Francis Colley Richard Barrow Gilbert Urwin Gilbert Wharton Charles Dramfeild Henry Ludlow Gentlemen Richard Stevens Henry Ludlow Esquire William Gulston Esquire Sir Francis Child Humphrey Hetherington Esquire John Tizard Gentleman Richard Garth Esquire Sir Robert Marsham Edward Rowse Esquire.

For the County of Monmouth.

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire apparent to the Right Honourable the Duke of Beaufort Sir Charles Keineys Baronett Sir Trevor Williams Baronett Sir John Morgan Baronett Sir Rowland Gwynn Knight Sir Humphrey Mackworth Knight Sir James Herbert Knight Thomas Morgan of Tredegar Esquire John Williams of Langibby Esquire Henry Probert John Arnold Charles Van John Howe Thomas Morgan of Lanrumny Lewis Morgan of Macken Charles Price of Lanfoist Edmond Morgan Richard Lister Hopton Williams Henry Morgan of Pidwilty Roger Otes Edward Jones of Buckland George Keineys of Lanvayer Edward Perkins Thomas Jones of Uskc George Lewis of Penhow John Floyer Charles Hughes Charles Morgan of Tredegar John Morgan of Machen Nicholas Arnold James Morgan of Llandilo John Walter of Piersfeild Capell Hainbery Robert Gunter Christopher Price Roderick Gwynn David [Morgan1] John Skudatnore Edward Kemeys Henry Tompkins Richard Roberts Charles Milbome of Winisto John Harris Nicholas Parker Matthew Powell Esquires Walter Williams Gentleman Richard Clarke Esquire The Mayor of Monmouth for the tyme being The Mayor of Newport for the tyme being The Portreive of Uske for the tyme being The Bailitfe of Abergavenny for the tyme being John Morgan of Landuy Walter Baker Esquire Thomas Williams Morgan Chambers William Blethin of Dinnam John Lewis of Ifton-Hill Charles Williams of Newport Nehemiah Williams eadem John Morgan eadem Lewis Morgan eadem Charles Morgan of Lansore Thomas Morgan of Penrose John Ketchmay Matthias Bird Walter Aldy Robert Jones John Morgan of Winisto William Blethin of Llanmcllin John Crag of Uske Theophilus Reynoldf Walter Cecill Roger Williams John Harris of Abergavenny William Powell of Pull-Hall Francis Williams Morgan Thomas John Watkins Trevor Merrick Walter Evans William Evans William Price John Gwilliam Francis Prichard John Prichard of Hampson Sheldon Powell Ezra Waters Hugh Harris William Sayce Charles Jones of Magar Henry Occold William Prichard of Landattock James Springett Michael Bohoone Henry Lewis of Treleak Charles Griffith Thomas Guillim John Skudamore of Tredaughan Walter Fortune of Monmouth George Kemeys of Kavenmably John Walters of Saint Brides Charles Milbourne of Winisto junior David Thomas of Abergavenny John Lewis Llandilo Thomas Williams John Philpott Henry Gab Gentlemen James Morgan of Abergavenny Henry Milborne Esquire Thomas Edwards George Morgan Peregrine Lewis.

For the County of Norfolke.

The Right Honourable Henry Lord Colrainc of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Robert Bacon Sir Henry Hobart Sir Robert Drury Sir John Holland Sir Augustine Palgrave Sir John Pettus Sir Robert Kempe Sir Jacob Astley Sir Roger Potts Sir Thomas Ward Sir William Cooke Sir Edmund Doyley Sir Charles Adams Sir Peter Gleane Sir Nicholas Garrard Sir John Mordant Sir Thomas Hare Baronettf Sir Nevill Catelyn Sir Francis Guybon Sir William Rant Sir John Turner Sir Cirill Wych Sir Edwrard Chisenhall Sir Robert Clayton Sir Thomas Rawlinson Knightf Thomas Knevyt Robert Walpoole Richard Berney John Harboard Edmund Wodehouse John Knevyt John Wodehouse James Hoste Esquires Robert Wardell Pcircy Freake John Heme Joachim Matthewes William Stone John Jay Robert Coney Gabriel Armiger Robert Suckling Philip Bedingfeild Francis Gardiner John Warkhouse Philip Astley Charles Legrosse Edward Soame John Norris Daniel Bedingfeild Christopher Crow Robert Wilson Edward Wilson Erasmus Earle Francis Repps John Repps Robert Herne Riches Browne Henry Negus Robert Davy Arthur Branthwayte Nathaniel Syinondf Edmund Britiffe George England Edmund Lambe Hatton Berners Robert Day John Ayde Thomas Wright Edward L'Strange William Oldfeild Clement Heme Robert Gooch Clement Gooch Thomas Townesend John Thurston Thomas Bulwer Brig Fountainc William Branthwayte John Cropley Isaac Preston Robert Bransby Thomas England Benjamin England Francis Negus Richard Carter John Brev ster James Hoste Thomas Rant Robert Doughty Augustine Briggs Samuel Fuller Robert I.ondon Oliver Neve John Anguish Mundeford Spelman Leonard Shapes Francis Thorisby Gascoine Weld Anthony Frcston Henry Golewell Thomas Talbott John Richmond Edward Osborne Gardiner Hewitt John Mingay William Sidley Israeli Long Thomas Blowfeild Robert Stileman Francis Dusgate Doctor Pepper John Page Richard Ferrier Lucy Blackman George Vernon Henry Oxburgh Roger Jenningf John Castle Edward Bulwer Robert Jermy John Houghton Brampton Gourdon Jonathan Symondf* John Fowles Thomas Sanders Ralph Hare James Ward Thomas Baysepoole

interlined on the Roll.

Z19

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

Thomas Crick Charles Turner junior Brograve John Birken Benjamin Dethick Thomas Newman Denzill

Onslow Edward Earle Christopher Layer Francis Long Thomas Deirson James Hobart Robert Fiske Francis Neve Edmond Anguish Humphrey Rant William Stafford John Blenerhassett Robert Snell Leonard Shapes Edward Knightf Hugh Bucknan Thomas Browne Sigismond Trafford Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Norwich.

The Mayor for the tyme being Robert Davy Esquire Recorder Arthur Branthwayte Esquire Steward Thomas Blofeild Esquire Hugh Bokenham Esquire the Two Sheriff^ for the tyme being Thomas Wisse Robert Bendish Robert Freeman John Lowe Nicholas Helwys Francis Gardiner William Salter Philipp Stebbing John Wrench Thomas Cooke Jeremy Vynn John Mann Esquires Robert Cooke Augustine Briggs Nicholas Bickerdike John Ward William Guibon Michael Beverly Samuel Warkhouse Thomas Postle Lawrence Goodwin Aldermen Doctor Fairfax Deane of Norwich Doctor Pepper Chancellor of Norwich Thomas Townshend Francis Bacon Thomas Bacon John Mingay Esquires Thomas Turner John Barnham John Dearsley John Mackrell Gentlemen.

For the Borough of Great Yarmouth.

Ihe Bayliff for the tyme being George England Esquire Samuell Fuller Esquire Robert Bransby Esquire Peter Caulier Thomas England Benjamin England Thomas Bradford John Robins John Ferryer Nathaniel Symonds Thomas Godfrey John Gayford Gabriel Ward John Andrewes Anthony Ellis senior Richard Ferryer Robert Bernard Henry Thompson Anthony Ellis junior John Gunnell Joseph Cottman Benjamin Engell Thomas Lovell Robert Baker John Carlow Aldermen John Burton senior Thomas Ellis.

For the Borough of Kings Lynn.

The Mayor for the tyme being Sir John Turner Knight Daniel Bedingfeild Esquire Benjamin Holley Giles Bridgman Robert Sparrow John Kidd Edmund Hooke Benjamin Keene Cyprian Anderson Henry Framingham William Lyns tead Henry Bell William Holley Esquires Charles Turner Gentleman.

For the Borough of Thetford.

The Right Honourable William Harboard Esquire one of [Theire1] Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir John Holland Baronett Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Francis Guybon KnightC Baptist May Wormely Hetherell William Cropley John Thurston Charles Wright Thomas Wright Maurice Kendall John Draper Edmund Win wood Thomas Smith Robert Caudle Esquires.

For the County of Northampton.

Sir Saint Andrew Saint John Baronett John Bathurst Esquire William Brownlow Gilbert Dolben Esquires Sir Thomas Samuell Baronett Sir William Langham Knight Sir William Egerton Knight of the Bath John Blencoe Serjeant att Law Thomas Andrew (!) The [ Right Honourable William Mountague Esquire Sir John Holman Baronett The Right Honourable William Harboard Esquire Sir Benjamin Batthurst Knight Christopher Jeffreys Esquire Arthur Brookes Thomas Maidwell Esquires Robert Barton Gentleman Sir William Farmer Baronett Francis Arundell Francis Crane Esquires Thomas Genninge Samuel Rohe Gentlemen Henry Benson Esquire Richard Butler senior John Combe Esquire William Adams of Charwelton John Winston Esquires Edmund Brush wick Thomas Breton Gentleman Sir William Craven Knight Sir Roger Cave Baronett William Bateman Gentleman Edward Lackins Esquire Thomas Wodward Gentleman John Bridges Esquire Sir James Long Baronett John Weaver William Fleetwood Thomas Mulsho Thomas Catesby William Willmer Esquires The Mayor of [Hygham4] Ferrers for the tyme being Sir Rice Rudd Baronett Thomas Eakins William Bottelar John Wiseman Francis Ilarby William Elmes Thomas Tryst Hatton Compton Esquire Jacob Dancer Gentleman Henry Rushton Richard Raynsford John Thornton GerrardGore Robert Breton Henry Bacon Robert [Heslering s] Thomas Pemberton Esquires Salathiell Lovell Serjeant att Law Daniel Deanvers Doctor in Physick Sir John Pickering Baronett Sir Matthew Dudley Baronett Jeffery Palmer of Stoke Doyley Esquire The Honourable Sidney Wortley alias Mountague Esquire The Right Honourable William Lord Fitzwilliams of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Charles Bertie Esquire Noah Neale Esquire Henry Neale John Rayley William Clarke Esquires John Carrier John Dickason Robert Newcombe John Wildbore Thomas Deacon Gentlemen Sir Justinian Isham Baronett Edward Saunders John Clendon Barnard Walcott Thomas Colthurst Esquires Walter Orlibeare Gentleman Francis Lane John Creed Andrew Lant Charles Middleton James Robinson Robert Mansell John Allicock Esquires Thomas Langham Gentleman Matthew Skinner Doctor in Physick Robert Skinner Esquire Sir Pope D*Anvers Sir Robert Dryden BaronettC William Lisle Charles How Robert Dormer Samuel Tryst John Bagshaw John Creswell John Woodhall Charles Fox Ambrose Holbech Francis Saint John The Mayor of Brackley for the tyme being Robert Frewin Gentlemen Joseph Haines Esquire Francis Morgan George Kendrick Edward Stratford William Thursby Harvy Eakins Richard Lockwood Christopher Mountague Henry Farmer Henry Edmondf William Tate Toby Chauncey Francis Woodhall Samuel Tryon Thomas Jackson Esquires John Hodges Gentleman The Mayor of Northampton for the tyme being Robert Hesilrig Esquire John Knight Gentleman Richard Willobye John Silby John Brayfeild Robert Ives John Lucas William Ellce Thomas Chadwick Robert Stiles Theophilus Whiston William Wallis Darnell Harbert John Whithorne.

* The Honourable Robert Shirley Esquires Sir James Langham Knight Sc Barronctt O.

4 IIyham O. Heslcrig O.

* His 0.

> O. omits.

280

A. I). 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

For the County of Northumberland.

The Right Honourable Charles Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Carlisle The Honourable Charles Mountague Esquire The Honourable Ralph Grey Esquire Sir Ralph Dclavall Sir John Heron Sir Thomas Lorraine Sir Robert Eden Sir Edward Blackett Sir William Blackett Sir Francis Liddell Baronettf Sir Ralph Jennison Sir Richard Neile Sir Francis Blake Sir Orlando Gee Knightf William Forster Philipp Bickerstaffe Roger Fenwick Samuel Ogle Thomas Forster John Shafto John Salkeild Robert Mitford of Seighill Thomas Forster of Comhill Thomas Collingwood Thomas Beach John Blackiston John Hindmarsh Robert Bewick John Carnaby William Strother of Foberry William Ogle William Carr Michael Weldon Henry Holmes Francis Addison Charles Howard Robert Mitford of Mitford Syrtis Swinburne William Taylor Joseph Carr Patricius Crow William Reavely George Delavall Thomas Blenkenshipp Robert Hebburne John Bacon John Blackett Robert Lawson Thomas Algood Robert Shaftoe Esquires Robert Lisle John Proctor Richard Forster John Coulson Samuel Salkeild William Ramsey of Brinckburne William Strother of Grendon Rigg Francis Forster John Grey The Bayliffs of Morpeth for the tyme being Robert Fenwick Ralph Grey of Backworth George I.awson John Fenwick Ralph Brandling Gilbert [Peke‘] George Wilson Ralph Anderson William Peirson Thomas Gray John Story John Rogers Thomas Burrell of Broome Park Robert Lisle of liazen Samuel Wilson of Bingfeild Robert Fenwick of Hexam Lancelot Algood Gentlemen.

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tyne.

The Mayor and SherifFe for the tyme being Sir Robert Shafto Knight Recorder Sir William Blackett Baronett Sir Ralph Carr Knight Timothy Davison Timothy Robson George Moreton Nicholas Fenwick William Aubeny Nicholas Ridley William Carr William Ramsey Matthew White Esquires.

For the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed.

Sir Francis Blake Knight Samuel Ogle Esquire Stephen Jackson Esquire Major John Luck Ephraim Nealson Aldermen William Scott Anthony Compton Edward Nealson senior Robert Wattson John Sleigh Lisly Foreside Cuthbert Brady Ralph Archbald John Stanton Edward Nealson junior Robert Simpson John Pigg.

For the County of Nottingham.

The Right Honourable William Lord Eland Sonne and Heire apparent to the Marquesse of Halifax The Right Honourable Patricius Lord Viscount Chaworth of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honorable Anchetell Grey Esquire The Honourable William Byron Esquire Sir Thomas Willoughby Sir Thomas Parkins, Baronettf Sir Scroope How Sir William Stanhope Knightf Francis Pierpoint Richard Munsfeild Thomas Lewis William Williams Charles Hutchinson Philipp Sherrard Esquires John Kerchavall Peter Broughton senior William Woolhouse Richard Janes of Eperston Henry Bainbridge Thomas Sharpe of Barnby Henry Sherbrooke Gentlemen James Farewell William Brownlow Thomas Newdigate William Burnell Arthur Warren Richard Slater Gilbert Millington Robert Sherbrooke Esquires Sir Francis Molyneux Baronett John Knight John Digby Darcy Molyneux William Pinckney Charles Stanhope John Thornhagh John White Francis Sandys Francis Stringer John Reyner Edward Mellish Gervas Eyre John Clarkson Thomas Charlton William Simpson Esquires William Sterne Thomas Bristow John Story Gentlemen Cicill Cooper Richard Lloyd Esquires Doctor Cromwell Thomas Sherbrooke John Grundy Gentlemen George Dunston Cordall Storrs Gentlemen The Mayor of Newarke for the tyme being the Six senior Aldermen Doctor Yarburrough Snell William Clay of Newarke Samuel Ellis Timothy Ellis Stow of

Newarke Gentlemen Robert Sacheverell Beaumont Perkins Thomas Mansfeild Esquires The Bailiffs of Retford for the tyme being William Lane Esquire William Dunstan Simon Woolby James Mason George Wharton Thomas Sharpe Ward Gentlemen.

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham.

Joseph Turpin Esquire Mayor George Langford Charles Harvey John Hawkins Thomas Collins John Hydes John Crispe Aldermen Francis Pierpoint James Farewell John Dand Richard Mansfeild George Gregory Samuel Staple Esquire William Greaves Thomas Trigg Ralph Bennett John Hoe John Sherwyn William Drury Francis Salmon Gentlemen.

For the County of Oxford.

Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Robert Lord Viscount Tiviott of the Kingdome of Scotland Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire apparent to James Earl of Abingdon The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Chancellor of the Exchequer one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Henry Bertie Esquire Sir Rober Jenkinson Sir John Cope Sir Fairmedow Peniston Sir William Walter Sir William Glynne Sir Edmund Fettiplace Sir Littleton Osbaldiston Sir Robert Dashwood Sir John Holman Sir Thomas Littleton Sir John Doyley Sir Thomas Cobb Sir James Chamberlaine Sir William Rich Sir Robert Barkham Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath Sir Ralph Dutton Sir Henry Ashurst Baronettf Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Norris Sir Timothy Tyrrell Sir Thomas Tipping Sir James Hayes Sir Thomas Clayton Sir Thomas Row Sir Sebastian Smith Sir William Whitlock Sir Edmund Warcupp Knightf Anthony Hungerford Thomas Tipping Richard Libb Edward Barry John Stone Carleton Stone John Hampden George Alnutt Henry Alnutt Francis Clarke William Lenthall John Dormer George Chamberlaine William Cannock Thomas Hoard

• Park O.

3° Gu l. &• Ma k . c. 5.

281

William Bavlcy John Croke Henry Cole Henry Heylin Robert Perrott James Perrott Richard Powell William Pudsey Robert Sheppard Thomas Coghill Henry Hall John Wallis Adam Springall Robert Jennings Thomas Brightam Simon Harcourt Thomas Wheale Robert Mayott Alexander Denton Edmond Goodier Joseph Rawlinson Esquires Henry Ayleworth Henry Beeson Edward Masters Doctors in Law Doctor Henry Morris Charles Holloway John West William Oakley Ralph Holt Humphrey Wickham John Gunne Lenthall Trotman John Bray John Danvers Nathan Knight Esquires Sunnibanke Veysay Roger Price Thomas Woodhall William Sacheverell Henry Peacock Samuel Trottman Thomas Crispe of Darneford George Tipping of Dray colt James Herbert Esquire William Tipping [of1] Ewelme Esquire Richard Bridoake Lacy Osbaldiston William Blake Bartholomew Harris John Parsons George Woodward John Wickham Gregory of Horley George Cave Simon Whorwood a Deane John

Cary Thomas Rowny Richard Tayler of Wilscott Francis Knapp Robert Parsons Henry Streete Henry Stephens Thomas Carter Gilbert Jackson John Stibblehill John Hickford Francis Greenway Richard Eyans Anthony Eyans Thomas Greenwood Thomas [Napier1] Richard Thompson Nicholas Busby Hawkins of Milton Sutton

Coghill John Coghill Martin May John Wheeler John Crispe Lawrence Lord John Crokett John Dodwell John Wise of Drayton John Smith Giles Diston Thomas Rolls Richard Croke Richard Blackhall George Gooding of Latchford John Moreton Robert Standard Bezaliel Knight Gentlemen Francis Norreys John Nurse Esquires William Jeffy Gentleman Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Francis Drake Gentleman The Mayor Aldermen and Towne-Clerke of Woodstock for the tyme being The Mayor Steward Recorder Aldermen and Towne-Clerke of Banbury for the tyme being The Warden of Henley for the tyme being The BaylifFs of Chipping Norton Burford and Witnessfor the tyme being Arthur Warren Esquire John Coker Gentleman John Winlow Edward Whistler of Gathampton Thomas Turner Richard Mayott Ralph Whistler senior Ralph Whistler junior John Lydall Gentlemen James Paul Henry Fairfax Esquires Robert Skinner Edmund Woodward Overbury Whitlock John Machell Esquires Josiah Diston Richard Diston William Diston Gentlemen Richard Hawkins Esquire.

For the University of Oxford.

Doctor Jonathan Edwards Vice-Chancellor and the Vice-Chancellor for the tyme being The Honourable Heneage Finch and William l,eopold Finch Warden of All Souls Colledge Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Sir Thomas Clayton Warden of Merton Colledge Doctor Henry Aldrich Deane of Christ Church Doctor Henry Beeston Doctor William Levinz Doctor Robert Say Doctor Timothy Halton Doctor William Jane Canon of Christ-Church Doctor John Hammond Doctor Ralph Bathurst Doctor Thomas Turner Doctor Thomas Bowchire Doctor Richard Lydall The Proctors for the tyme being Master Benjamin Cooper John Ilaslewood John Crosse John Fulks George Thompson Thomas Moore and Thomas Bartlett.

For the City of Oxford.

The Mayor for the tyme being The Honourable Henry Bertie Esquire Sir Edward Norreys Knight Sir John Cope Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Dovley Sir Robert Dash wood Baronettf Sir William Walker Sir Sebastian Smith Knights Sir Robert Harrison John Townsend Thomas Fifield Thomas Eustace Aldermen William Wright Recorder Colonell Henry Cope Tobias Browne John Bowell John Crony Thomas Hunsdon Edward Combes Charles Holloway John Bateman Esquires Charles Harris Gentleman Edward Prince Towne-Clerke Thomas Bee Richard Keats Baylifff of the said City

For the County of Rutland.

The Right Honourable Bennett Lord Sherard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Noell Esquire The Honourable Philipp Sherard Esquire Sir Thomas Mackworth Baronett Sir Thomas Barker Baronett William Palmes F.squire Bennett Sherard Esquire John Vemey Esquire Eusebius Boswell Charles Halford Christopher Browne Edward Horseman Robert Mackworth Edward Browne Cornelius Burton Anthony Palmer Clement Breton John Weever Charles Tyrrell Wellesborne Sill Armine Bullingham Edward Fawkner Marsh of Tinwell

John Flavill Richard Snow Thomas Hayes Christopher Cleatheroe Esquires Richard Matthew Andrew Burton John Baker Gentlemen.

For the County of Salop.

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons and First Lord Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire apparent of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Macclesfeild The Honourable John Gray The Honourable Richard Newport Andrew Newport Sir Henry Lyttleton Sir John Leveson Gower Sir William Whittmore Sir Humphrey Briggs Sir John Corbett Sir Francis Lawley Sir Uvedale Corbett Sir Edward Acton Sir Richard Middleton Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Job Charleton Sir William Williams Sir Thomas Woolrich Sir Francis Edwardf Baronettf Sir Thomas Travell Sir Lacon William Child Sir Thomas Jones Sir Adam Ottley Sir Robert Owen Sir William Forrester Sir Henry Gough Knightf Jervas Pierrepont William Fowler Francis Charleton of Apply John Charleton Arthur Mainwaring Francis Forrester Edward Leighton Richard Lister Edward Kynaston of Oatley Edward Kynaston of Hordley John Kynaston Francis Prince Henry Herbert Francis Herbert Edward Owen of Condover George Weld William Oakley Robert Corbett Thomas Roch John Coates Richard Moore Walter [Wing5] Charles Baldwyn Charles Coates Robert Cresslett Robert Owen Roger Pope senior Roger Pope junior Thomas Lloyd Richard Creswell John Lacon Thomas Oatly Littleton Powes Henry Newton Francis Charleton of Whitton Thomas Cornwall Bartholomew Lutley Thomas Hanmer Henry Davenport

‘ O. omits. a Napper 0. Wareing O.

4 C

282

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

Eldred Lancelot Leigh Thomas Langley Robert Harley Thomas Child Thomas Spratt William Williams John Huxley John Chetwind Edward Kerry Orlando Niccolls Richard Mitton Edward Vaughan Price Devereux Edward Cludd Rowland Hunt Thomas Corbett Henry Powell Jonathan Langley Thomas Lister Thomas Lister junior Thomas Edwards Richard Corbett Robert Clowes William Grower John Tayleur Thomas Burton Thomas Smalman Soudley Eyton Robert Piggott Thomas Wingfeild Thomas Mackworth John Edward f of Rorington John Powell Thomas Powell of Parke John Warter Francis Berkley Arthur Wever James Grove Thomas Jobber Robert Lloyd John Whitehall Henry Mitton William Heyward Edward Barrett Edward Jennings Edward Whitchcott Edward Owen of Pully William Jones Ralph Browne Thomas Sandford Job Walker Edward Dunn junior Thomas Seaverne William Adams senior William Adams junior Esquires The Mayor of Salop for the tyme being The Bayliffs of Bridgnorth for the tyme being The Bayliffs of Bishopps Castle for the tyme being The Bayliffs of Wenlock for the tyme being The Mayor of Oswestry from the tyme being The Bayliffs of Ludlow for the tyme being John Hill Richard Hosier Buckley Mackworth Esquires Richard Salter Edward Gosnell Roger Griffith Jonathan Scott Collins Woolrich Richard Muckleston Robert Wood Thomas Owen Charles Kynaston Simon Hanmer Gentlemen Cole of Salop Esquire Edward Littleton Esquire Richard Higgons John Williams Esquires Rowland Baugh John Flemming Robert Garton Thomas AtSton Edward Mitton Edward Lloyd William Leeke Samuel Woolaston Richard Betton Gentlemen Arthur Devereux Esquire Adam Wareing Richard Davis William Grosvenor Richard Jenkins Samuel Bowdler of Arlscott John Langley of the Amias Thomas Crompton Gentlemen Lancelot Stephens John Mason of Much Wenlock John Bright Edward Pully Thomas Hawkes Thomas Sabry Thomas Hill of Alcaston John Atkinson Doctor of Physick John Hollins Doctor of Physick Timothy Hassall William Hammond of Bridgnorth Samuel Sandford George Chambre Jonathan Wingfeild George Walker William Kynaston Philipp Cole Thomas Jories Edward Kettleby junior Shepherd of Bitterly Francis Baycott Richard Ridley Robert Smith

John Fowler Thomas Mason Charles Mason Thomas Hinks William Bridgen Richard Walker Richard Bradley Alexander Middleton Edward Matthewes Humphrey Owen Samuel Hunt Arthur Tong John Clarke Richard Jenkes of Drayton Thomas Jones Counsellor att Law Richard Stainers Thomas Howell John Traunter Gentlemen Sir Walter Williams Baronett Silas Titus Francis Lloyd John Salwey Esquires Edward Robinson Richard Cam Richard Davis John Sherratt Gentlemen John Edwards of Nesse Gentleman Thomas Barnes Gentleman Mr Gough of the Marish John Colbatch Samuel Bowdler John Charleton Esquires John Thomas Gentleman John Acton Gentleman.

For the City and County of Bristol!.

The Mayor and Sheriffs for the tyme being Sir William C.ann Baronett Sir Richard Hart Sir Richard Crumpe Sir John Knight Sir William Clutterbuck Sir William Heyman Sir William Merrick Sir Thomas Earle Sir John Duddleston Knightf John Hicks William Crabb Joseph Creswick Abraham Saunders William Swymmer Thomas Day William Jackson Arthur Hart William Duning John Dutton Colt Esquires Nathaniel Driver Edmund Arundell Gyles Merrick Robert Yate George Morgan Edward Tocknell John Sandford Samuel Wallis Thomas Cole John Bubb John Blackwell John Yeamans Robert Douding Nathaniel Haggett Robert Henley Thomas Edwardf Michael Pope Richard Codrington John Cary Henry Parsons John Rowe John Lloyd Henry Gibbs William Cosley Gentlemen William Browne Gentleman.

For the County of Somersett.

John Lord Fitzharding of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Edward Seymour Sir John Sydenham Sir John Smith Sir Thomas Wrath Sir Edward Windham Baronettf Sir John Trevillian Sir Halswell Tynt Sir John Moreton Sir John St Barbe Sir William Cann Baronettf Sir Edward Phellips Sir Thomas Bridges Sir William Bassett Sir George Norton Sir Richard Hart Sir John Knight Sir Charles Carterett Sir Thomas Travell Sir William Wogan Knights Nathaniel Palmer Thomas Strangewayes Henry Portman Edward Barkley Hopton Wyndham George Horner John Hunt John Sandford Henry Bull Alexander Lutterell John Speake Edward Clarke Joseph Langton Edward Gorges John Wyndham William Hellyar senior William Hellyar junior Carew Mildmay Cadwallader Jones Henry Roll Warwick Bampfeild John Piggott Edward Baber William Gore Colonell Francis Hawley George Long William Lacy Edmund Windham Baldwin Mallett Thomas Bere Thomas Carew Richard Fownes William Okeden Henry Gold William Ethcrick William Strode John Harrington Richard Morgan Edward Hobbs Charles Steynings James Prouse Thomas More Harry Roynon John Champneys Henry Henly senior Henry Henly junior Henry Walrond Thomas Langton Richard Crosse William Coward William Phellips William Hilliard de Sea Anthony Stocker Henry Lyte Anthony Etherick George Clarke Henry Mompessons Thomas Strode Robert Lyderfin William Harbin John Blagdon John Blewett de Knowle John How Andrew Crosse James Cade George (*) Dodington de Wells George Musgrove senior George Musgrove junior Robert Long Richard Elsworth William Davy Francis Vaughan Richard Lansdowne Thomas Dike Edward Dike William Catford John Worth William Player William Westley William Hughes Richard Jones William Blackford John Hody senior John Hody junior Richard Cox James Twiford Samuel Cabell John Sandys Thomas Gale Roger Leversage John Creswick William Whitchurch John Burland Samuel Horner John Strachey Edmund Bowyer William Blackford George Pratter Francis Hollis Newman Esquires Nicholas Francis Henry Winter Thomas Sambourne Philip Bennett Edward Thruston John A Court sen:.or John A Court junior William Lucy Thomas Ledginghan William Champneys Thomas Sumner Samuel Raymond Robert Blake Marshall Bridges Matthias Hanvill Robert Pearce Doctor of Physick John Blinman John Williams Thomas Beech William Lyde senior Cornelius Lyde Edmund Bourne John Everard William Boulton Thomas Compton Thomas Langdon David Yea Edward Bacon John Keene Henry Proctor William Gifford John Browne lhomas Hawker Henry Bonner William [Man:] Esquires Sir Stephen Fox Francis Hobart William Bisgood Richard Snow Barnard Smith Richard Wyatt John Smith Nicholas Marshall Thomas Baker Samuell Bindon Thomas Groves Thomas Towells John Frind Nicholas Markes of Haydon William Webber William How Gentlemen. 1

1 George Dodington O.

c Manew 0.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

283

For the City of Bath.

The Mayor for the tyme being Robert Peirce Doctor of Physick John Masters Walter Gibbs Robert Chapman John Bush Benjamin Baler William Bush Walter Hicks Robert Hayward Edward Bushell John Stibbes Doctor Robert Toope George Colliby.

For the City of Wells.

The Mayor for the tyme being William Coward Thomas Davis John Day William Westly George Dodington William Hughes John Irish.

For the Borough of Bridgwater.

The Mayor for the tyme being Alexander Popham Alderman Francis Tuthill John Gilbert junior John Hardey of the Castle Roger Hoare

For the County of Stafford.

The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Mazarine of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Gray The Honourable Henry Pagett The Honourable William Ward The Honourable Robert Shirley The Honourable Clotworthy Skeffington Esquires Sir Thomas Peshall Sir John Leveson Gower Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Walter Wrottesley Sir Walter Bagott Sir Henry Littleton Sir Edward Littleton Sir Charles Wolsley Sir Francis Lawley Sir Thomas Bellott Sir Michael Biddulph Baronett(J Sir Brian Broughton Knight and Baronett Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Gilbert Clarke Sir Henry Gough Sir Charles Skrymshire Sir John Floycr Knightf Sir John Turton Knight one of the Barons of the Exchequer Walter C.hetwvnd John C.hetwynd Thomas Broughton Edward Littleton Robert Burdett Robert Wolsley Thomas Lawley Edward Byrch Serjeant att Law Jonathan Cope Richard Dyott Thomas Foley Philipp Foley William Sneyd Ralph Sneyd senior Ralph Sneyd junior Thomas Lane Humphrey Wirley Robert Leveson Rowland Okeover John Lawton George Rodney Bridges Thomas Kinnersley Henry Vernon William Crompton John Every Thomas Rudyard John Hoo William Parker senior William Parker junior George Parker John Swinfin Thomas Birch William Inge Phillipp Hollins Matthew Floyer Esquires Philipp Pargiter Jonas Grosvenor Charles Coates William Cotton Thomas Orme John Beresford Francis Whitwick senior Francis Whitwick junior John Whitwick William Turton Phineas Fowke Doctor of Physick John Bagnall Edward Foden Copwood Hollins Francis Elde Francis Woolverston William Nabbs Richard Pyott Thomas Jolliffe William Jolliffe William Milward John Shilton Lambert Baggott John Newton Henry Leigh John Chetwood Tomins Dickins Daniel Watson John Peircehouse Charles Blunt Michael Noble William Bendy John Wedgwood junior Esquires Isaac Hawkins Gentleman Thomas Whitby William Anson John Huntbache James Wood Peter Warburton William Trafford senior William Trafford junior Thomas Scott Thomas Jevon senior Christopher Lea Samuel Pipe Michael Brandrith Edward Short William Jarvis Samuel Hunt Richard Gough Walter Fowler Jonas Astley Thomas Pigott John Browne Thomas Browne John Amphlett Henry Gilbert Walter Moseley John Baddily Richard Whitworth Edward Barbour John Young John Fenton Thomas Milward James Rudyard Roger Fowke John Goring Richard Drakeford Rowland Fryth Henry Brace-Girdle [Gentlemen*] Thomas Foley Esquire (l) The Mayor of Stafford for the tyme being Edward Foden Esquire Recorder William Nabbs Esquire Humphrey Perry William Feake senior William Feake junior Edward Byrd Walter Collyns Sampson Byrch Thomas Abnett senior John Williamson Charles Cobb The Bayliffs of Tamworth for the tyme being Sir Edward Littleton Baronett Sir Henry Gough Knight Nicholas Parker Charles Bainton George Alsop Job Beardsley Samuel Beardsley Gentlemen The Mayor of Newcastle for the tyme being William Badiley Thomas Horderne William Boughay William Middleton William Lawton Gentlemen The Mayor of Walshall for the tyme being John Hoo Esquire Recorder George Fowler Samuel Stone Joseph Freeman Joseph Gorway Thomas Roper.

For the Towne and City and County of the City of Litchfield.

The Bayliffs and Sheriffe for the tyme being William Pott Gentleman George Boilston Gentleman Sir Michael Biddolph Baronett Sir John Flyer Knight Robert Burdett Richard Dyott Philipp Pargiter Richard Pyott Esquires Thomas Hamond Edmund Hector George Newell senior Gentlemen Robert Floyd Doctor of Physick Richard Wakefeild 'Thomas Rawlins Richard Johnson and Richard Burns Gentlemen.

For the County of Southampton.

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the House of Commons and First Lord Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Lord Chamberlainc to Her Majesty Sonne and Ileire apparent of Charles Duke of Bolton The Honourable Edward Russell Esquire The Right Honourable William Lord Pawlett Second Sonne to die Duke of Bolton The Right Honourable Richard Earle of Ranelagh in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable James Russell Esquire 'The Honourable Francis Pawlett Esquire Sir John Mill Sir Hugh Stewkley Sir Nicholas Steward Sir John Dillington Sir Hele Hooke Sir John Hobby Sir Robert Worseley Sir Andrew Henley Rir Richard Onslow Sir Brocas Gardiner Sir Robert Smith Sir Francis Masham Baronett? Sir Charles Windham Sir William Kingsmil! Sir Robert Henley Sir Robert Sawyer Sir William Stevens Sir Robe;t Holmes Sir James Worseley Sir Benjamin Newland Knightf Sir John St Barbe Baronett Thomas Jervois senior George Pitt senior Thomas Hobby Leonard Billson John Kent Esquires Henry Rolle Gabriel Whistler Ralph Hasting? Henry Wallop Henry Dawley Fredrick Tilney Richard Holt Richard Whitehead Richard Cobb

1 O. omits,

J Junior O

284

A. I). 1691.

3° Gu l. £e Ma h . c. 5.

Charles Cole George Evans White Tichbourne John Smith of Tidworth Esquires John Pollen Richard Bishop Richard Chandler John Wallop Thomas Bilson William Bishop Charles Morley Samuel Gawden George Bridges Charles Wither George Abbott John Eawkoner Charles Forrester Thomas Brocas Esquires Richard Kent of Wallop John Conyers Esquire Kings Counsell Richard Norton of Southwick Esquire Anthony Henley Richard Norton of Alresford Anthony Sturt John Leigh Richard Willoughby Edward Goddard of East Woodbay Reynold^ Calthrop Walter Stephens James Hooper Esquires John Deane John A£ton Anthony Bathurst Richard Harwood James Feild Gentlemen James Hunt of Popham Oliver Cromwell Thomas Jervois junior Edward Chute Henry Bromfeild John Burrard Henry Compton Henry Hooke Edward Flemming Robert Knollis William Bulkley George Stanley Edward Hooper Arthur Hyde Francis Dickens Esquires Henry Perrin Doctor of Physick Thomas Miller Richard Stanley Richard Carter Thomas Tutt William Coleman Henry 'l'ulse Richard Love junior George Pitt junior Benjamin Ruddiard Thomas Wither William Norton Robert Mitchell Lawrence Jackson Thomas Bulkley William Batten Roger Barton Robert Barton George Duke Thomas Smith Thomas Edmondf Thomas Douse of Wallop Thomas Douse of Brooke John Rives of Drayton John Rives of Bransbury Edward Pile Christopher Stokes Peter Blake Richard Pile junior Thomas Fitz James Esquires John Lisle Matthew Bennett William Guidott Samuel Pitman Charles Dingley Esquires Richard Beele Gyles Lyford Robert Love Allen Garnvay Anthony Guidott Edward Hooke Henry Christmas George Wakeford Gentlemen The Mayor of Winton for the tyine being Sir Richard Harris Recorder of Winchester Ellis Mewes Esquire Thomas Cobb Esquire Anthony Yalden Godson Penton

John Purdue Thomas Wavell John Warner James Earle Paul Burrard Gentlemen Roger Jones Richard Good

Gentlemen John Conger Thomas Pinke Henry Sharpe Henry Ghost Nicholas Hedger Gentlemen Henry Player Joseph Voakes Robert Earle George Burrard William Goldwyer Gentlemen The Baylifle of Andover for the tyme being William Barwick William Cooper William Chapman John Stevens Captaine Thomas Wallis of the Isle of

Wight William Flower Gentleman John White William Pay John Palmer Gentlemen John Hildesley William Cage

George Gallop Esquires The Mayor of Portesmouth for the tyme being Lewis Barton Gentleman Thomas Brunker The Mayor of Limington for the tyme being Edward Batten John Blakely John Blowes Thomas Wittshaw James Grove Henry Curie Richard Hill John Stephens Gentlemen The Mayor of Peterfeild for the tyme being John Clementf John Whitehead Gentlemen The Mayor of Christ Church The Mayor of Newport for the tyme being Richard White John Worseley Nicholas Lisle John Chapman William Chapman Major Henry Holmes Richard Knight Robert Leigh James Searle Charles Duncombe Thomas Dove David Urry of Easton Thomas Urry of Freshwater Thomas Urry of Gatcombe Esquires Eustace Man Robert Leigh John Bowler John Stevens of West Cowes Gentlemen William Feilder Thomas Dore William Knapton Esquires Edward Hales of Newport Doctor Thomas Hobbs Nicholas Flower Gentleman John Lewknor Christopher Knight Esquires Henry Perin junior Doctor of Physick Gabriel Ashly Esquire John Priaulx Gentleman.

For the Towne and County of Southampton.

The Mayor for the tyme being Sir Gyles Eyres Knight one of the Justices of the Kings Bench William Bulkley Esquire John Speed Doctor of Physick Thomas Cornelius Richard White James Crosse John Leigh William C.ropp John Smith Adam de Cardonnell Christopher Smith Cornelius Markham Robert Culliford Thomas Bracebridge Richard Hunt William Lyne Elias de Gruchye Leonard Cropp Jacob Ward Thomas Everard Edward Elwes Gentlemen.

For the County of Suffolke.

Lionel 1 Lord Iluntingtower of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Adam Felton Sir John Barker Sir John Play ter Sir Robert Kempe Sir Simon Dewes Sir John Castleton Sir Dudley Cutham Sir Henry North Sir Jervas Elwes Sir John Rouse Sir Thomas Allen Sir Thomas Barnardiston Sir John Duke Sir Robert Brooke Sir Philipp Parker Sir Edmund Bacon Sir Samuel Barnardiston Sir Francis Masham Sir Robert Davers Sir Charles Bloyce Sir William Cooke Baronettf Sir Charles Gawdy Knight and Baronett Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronett Sir John Poley Sir Thomas Hervey Sir George Weneyve Sir Nevill C.atelyn Sir Henry Johnson Sir Joseph Brand Sir Richard Gipps Sir Anthony Archer Baronett Sir Cesar Wood alias Cranmer Sir Charles Umphreville Sir Francis Blundell Knightf The Right Honourable Sir Stephen Fox Knight one of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury William Maynard Nicholas Bacon Thomas Holland Thomas Felton Compton Felton Thomas Glemham Thomas Knyvett Thomas Tolmash Lyonell Playters Henry Heveningham Thomas Coel William Bridgeman Henry Parker William Barker Francis Barker William Johnson Thomas Tyrrell Edmund Warren John Hunt John Robinson John Thruston Richard Norton Robert Maddockes Henry Warner Thomas Aldham Richard Hubbard Henry Poley John Braine Thomas Salter Philipp Bedingfeild Robert King Richard Buckingham Hammond L'Estrange John Scrivener Charles Smith Edward North William Ryvatt Thomas Edgar James Calthorpe John Cornwallis Francis Smith William Crofts John Wright Edmund Bence Robert Barker Robert Manton John Currance Thomas Wright Henry Edgar Arthur Barnardiston Lawrence Rouse junior Thomas Golding William Glover Thomas Leamon George Fleetwood John Bence Robert Warreyn Aubrey Porter John Hervey Henry Goldwell Christopher Calthorpe John Jermy of Sproughton John Jermy of Stutton Anthony Wrath Allen Cotton Edward Alpe Edmund Shephard John Smith of Parkfeild John Hall Thomas Smith of Phrandiston William Cullam Thomas Love Robert Davy Thomas Rivett Charles Killegrew John Beamont Thomas Smith of Barton Nicholas Bragg Hugh Morrice Charles Whiteacre John Hooke Doctor Thomas Carver William Belts Captaine Fynn William Poley Robert Cuddon John Catesby John Browne Roger Herrington Thomas Neale Thomas Dye Thomas Else Thomas Hastings Nicholas Freeman John Pells Edward Aston John Hodges John Felton Peter Alderman John Spirick Renaldo Pitfeild John Gerling Gregory Clarke William Randall Richard Vesey Thomas Dade Thomas Wright senior Thomas Barnardiston Samuel

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

285

Bamardiston Richard Wareing Thomas Brand John Barker of Wickham Robert Jeney Thomas Bright William Hamond Samuel Clarke William Cooke Andrew Warner Francis Brewster John Hill Samuel Blackerby Simon Folke Richard Porter Smith of Marlesford John Brand John Eldred of Saxham John Wild senior

Philipp French William Hamond of Whitton Samuell Barker Isaac Rebow Thomas Owen Thomas Aldridge William Lucas Samuel Parey Thomas Bendish Bartholomew Soame William Bright Robert Russell Edward Gaell James Goodwin Thomas Folkes John Nichols senior Francis Heylock Henry Ward Henry North Lawrence Stistead Richard Phillipps John Blumfeild Robert Clarke William Tye Richard Margatt William Fowles Joseph Weld Nathaniell Symondf Richard Fryer William Neave William Glascock Esquires Anthony Fisher John Craske junior Robert Chaplyn Robert Snelling William Bcamont John Brandling Esquires John Artis senior Richard Freestone Bartholomew Young Thomas Scarlett Andrew Brownsmith Thomas Fothergill John Pinchback John Buxton Thomas Mitchell Nicholas Edgar George Watts Richard Jenkinson Thomas Bright Devereux Edgar John Spencer Gentlemen Edmund Jeney Esquire Henry Damant John Rabett of Bramfeild Samuel Grove Thomas Macroe junior Gentlemen Richard Ferrie Esquire Thomas Hayward of Clare Simon Dove of Hadleigh William Flack Hugh Bockenham John Fowle George Gooday Esquires William Turner Jeffrey Maltywood Gentlemen Nathaniell Symondf Esquire James Harvey of Cockfeild Richard Puplett Robert Manning Robert May Gentlemen George Dashwood Esquire.

For the Borough of Eye.

The Bayliffs for the tyme being Henry Poley Thomas D'Avenant Thomas Vincent Esquires Thomas Dey senior Henry Edgar Thomas Browne Nathaniel Deye Thomas Deye junior Francis Deye Thomas Brampton Thomas Flowerdy Smith Chenerey Gentlemen.

For the Borough of Sudbury.

The Mayor for the tyme being Sir Thomas Bamardiston Baronett John Robinson Esquire John Catesby John Parish Bernard Carter Richard Hobart William Cock Samuel Abbott William Hazeil Thomas Halls Samuel Hazell William Fothergill Robert Chaplyn Martin Harris Clement Ray Henry Crosman William Halls Robert Curling Gentlemen.

For the Borough of Dunwich

The Bayliffs for the tyme being Sir Robert Kempe Baronett Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronett John Bence Thomas Neale Esquires John Benefice John Postle Jeremiah Burlingham William Wetherby William Betts William Hamond John Fella Gentlemen.

For the Borough of Ipswich.

The Bayliffs for the tyme being Sir John Barker Sir Charles Blois Baronettf Thomas Edgar Esquire Recorder Charles Wright Laurence Stisted Richard Phillipps John Burroughs William Neave William Browne John Blomfeild John Wade Miles Wallis Henry Sparrow William Tye Thomas Day Gentlemen Robert Clarke Towne-Clerke Richard Pupplett Robert Manning Charles Whittaker Edward Gael Robert Snelling Gentlemen.

For the Borough of Saint Edmonds-Bury.

The Alderman for the tyme being the Recorder for the tyme being Samuel Grove Richard Pryme Thomas Macro senior Robert Sharpe James Burrough senior Thomas Macro junior Martin Spenceley Gentlemen Sir Robert Davers Baronett Henry Goldwell Esquire Sir Thomas Harvey Knight Thomas Holland Esquire.

For the Borough of Aldborough.

Sir Henry Johnson William Johnson Esquire Richard Covell John Burrod Bayliffs John Browne Gentleman John Bence Esquire Thomas Wall Edward Wall Hickingham Wright Richard Burrod James Peck Gentlemen The Recorder for the tyme being.

For the Town of Orford.

The Mayor for the tyme being Thomas Glemham Thomas Felton Esquires Thomas Hastings Thomas Palmer John Morgan John Scred Richard Porter Gentlemen.

For the County of Surrey.

The Right Honourable Sir Robert Howard one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Heneage Finch The Honourable Francis Coventry The Honourable Hugh Hare Esquires Sir Walter St. John Sir Francis Vincent Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Thompson Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Walter Clarges Sir Lawrence Stoughton Sir Edward Bromfeild Sir QEdward1] Evelyn Sir William Temple Sir Robert Napier Sir Richard Atkins Sir William Glynn Sir Joseph Alston Baronettf The Honourable Sir Francis Compton Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir William Hoskins Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir Saint John Broderick Sir Robert Clayton Sir Purbeck Temple Sir Peter Rich Sir James Clarke Sir Christopher Buckle Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Sir James Butler Sir William Elliott Sir Robert Knightley Sir George Vernon Sir Peter Daniell Sir Samuel Dashwood Sir Edward Fruin Sir John Parsons Sir Thomas Vernon Sir Peter Vandeputt Sir William Hill Sir George Meggott Sir Charles Hedges Sir John Temple Sir Robert Holmes

1 interlined on the Roll.

28 6

3° Gul. & Mar. e.5. A.D. 1691.

Knightf Mr Serjeant Fuller Thomas Howard George Evelin Henry St Johns Thomas Vincent Roger James Thomas Turgis Anthony Bowyer Densill Onslow White Titchbourne Foot Onslow John Weston Edward Nicholas George Rodney Bridges John Arnold John Evelin Phillipp Hilliard Edward Harvey William Brownlow Baptist May James Zouch George Woodroffe Nicholas Carew John Milner George Evelin of Nutfeild Morgan Randall Haestreet James Sigismond Stydolph George Duncombe Edward Bray John Sands William Hooker Richard Nicholls Shem Bridges Richard Morley Ambrose Muschampe Peter Hussey Deane Goodwyn William Harvey Richard Onslow Christopher Buckle Thomas Lant John Gore Francis Brend William Hatton Charleton Whitlock Stephen Harvey Robert Gavill John Burgoyne John Thynn William Perry William Nuthall John Love Thomas Newton Nicholas Hookes George Smith William Heyward John Mitchell Thomas Hares Henry Whistler John Wight Peter Delanoy Robert Hatton Thomas Trapps Henry Ludlow Jeoffery Amhurst Henry Lloyd William Bridgeman John Heather William Clarke Martyn Folkcs John Turner Samuel Lewen Walter Howland John Petti ward Edward Thurland Thomas Molineux Henry Vincent John Parsons John Lugg Aldred Lancelot Lee Ellis Crispe Nicholas Wyatt Nicholas Fenne C.aptaine Salmond Benjamin Le Cane Samuel Atkinson William Hester Philipp Forster Major Edward Lane Ralph Snow William Genew Samuel Somerford Thomas Cox Robert Saunders Samuel Pett George Goring Nicholas Waite Robert Douglas Anthony Thomas William Gulston Simon Smith James Chadwick Lancelot Johnson William Clarke John Agar Thomas White Ralph Hough Thomas Wincop Robert Ford Esquires The Mayor and Magistrates of Guilford for the tyme being BaylifFs of Kingston for the tyme being Thomas Wymondesold Maximilian Emely John Austen William Boothby Timothy Wilson Joseph Lee Robert Moore John Child Saunders of Tooting Josias Dewy Thomas Burroughes Urban Hall Samuel Crispe Lawrence

March John Spencer Richard Jewell Thomas Harris Samuel Wall Captainc Bartholomew Thomas Jordan of Gatwich William Jordan Doctor Budgeon Thomas Jordan Richard Gwynnc Henry Johnson Edward Woodward William Summers Peter Norbrow Robert Bowyer of Richmond Thomas Cusden Gerrard Andrewes Simon Smith Richard White Doctor Kelsey Henry Wyatt John Burchett Peter Hughes Vertue Radford George Attwood William Doryzon John Steere John Eversett Ulysses Blunt John Terry Captaine Wadnall John Symboll Peter Kesterman William Hambly Isaac Cox Leonard Hammond Thomas Hammond Richard Hammond Daniel Mercer Richard Morgan Henry Bynes William Gibbs Christopher Smith Francis Wilkinson Jonadab Balam William Sherlock Jonas Skish Daniel Wight Thomas Jordan Daniel Duttees John Greene Joseph Wood Charles Shorter Thomas Juxon Thomas Loefeild William Allwood Colonell Peirce Walter Vernon Samuel Atkinson Edward Smith Esquires George Heath Robert Bristoe William Berblock Samuel Hall Thomas Mallen Robert Bicknall John Cox William Purvier Gyles Haywood John Blake Nehemiah Bourne John Kenrick John Titchbourne Richard Bousey Abraham Harrison John Pigeon Christopher Creswell William Yalden Captaine Henry Wilkinson Ralph Drake Gentlemen John Sermon amuel Hall Benjamin Cracker Major Bonwicke Richard Devon Francis Tirringham John Hadson William Gray John Nicholls Edward Dimbleby William Attwood Thomas Jordan Benjamin Tarrant John All wood John Wood Joseph Sheppard Daniell Wright senior Thomas Cox John Chumney Jacob Parkham William Steerie William Rutter John Gerrard William Pearson John Smith of Camberwell Joseph Chittey Francis Wilkinson George Cole Edward Buerish Herringman John Delean Bryan Fairfax Richard Bridgett Christopher Coape Ferdinando

Holland John Ledford Gentlemen.

For the County of Sussex.

John Lord Cutts of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Pelham Sir William Thomas Sir John Fagg Sir Denny Ashburnham Sir William Wilson Sir Thomas Dyke Baronettf Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir John Brice Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir Edward Selwyn Knightf Sir William Culpeper Sir Richard Shirley Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Stapeley Baronettf Thomas Pelham William Morley John Lukener Thomas Sackvill Esquires Sir James Morton Sir Christopher Corners Sir Edward Hungerford Sir James Smith Sir Philipp Gell Baronett Nisell Rivers Henry Pelham Richard Bridger Thomas Newdigate Thomas [Bridges'] Doctor att Law William Board George Nevill George Goreing James Butler Thomas Beard John Spence James Graves John Fuller John Baker John Miller Humphrey Fowle Simon Smith Philip Parker Alexander Stapely Richard Onslow Thomas Brumfeild Walter Duble junior Thomas May William Markwick John Machell Sir Thomas Miller Thomas Bickley George Gunter John Breman Richard Farrington Nathaniel Pelmer Thomas Pelmer William Williams Peter Gott Henry Apsley Thomas Frewen Edward Dyne Samuel Hyland George Courthopp Esquires John Marlott Randolph Turry Francis Page Thomas Woodier Gentlemen Walter Roberts William Peckam Thomas Bcttsworth Thomas Gray John Apsley William Westbrooke William Garroway Thomas White junior John Cooke of Petworth Francis Mosse senior Thomas Brocker John Cheate of Finden Richard Stiles Henry Barwitt Gentlemen John Cooke of Goring John Lee of Plaistow Richard Cooper Henry' Bernard Thomas Nash Edward Staker Oliver Whitby William Paine Humphrey Jewkes Thomas Peckham Thomas Knowles Thomas Colebrook Richard Banks Anthony Cruttenden Robert Hall Gentlemen Paul Burrard The Mayor of Chichester and Arundell for the tyme coming Barnard Powell Charles Goring Charles Fagg Robert Orme Henry Cooper Richard Paine John Brewer Esquire Robert Austen Esquire Apsley Newton Robert Fagg John Munke Anthony Eamsfeild William Newton John Gratwick of Eatons Stephen Humphrey William Alderton Thomas Ellis Francis Goter Abraham Chapman Edward Morley William Cobden Nicholas Best John Hay Samuel White John Wicker John Shelley William Blake John Weekes Thomas Fagg Gentlemen John Peachy of Saint Peters John Peachy Barrester att Law Esquires John Styant Robert Thornden Richard Butcher George Oglander William Peachey Stephen Fuller Gentlemen Peter Courthop Richard Shelley Richard Paine John Newnham Esquires Sir George Chute Henry Yates John Board Nathaniel Turner Edward Manning John Groome John Weller John Baker Robert Baker William Clarke Esquires Walsingham Mitchell Esquire John Steward Lawrence Alcock John Yalden Thomas Bettesworth junior Thomas Croucher Thomas

* Briggs O.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

287

Charman William Jcwer Samuel Blunt William Clark Esquires Stephen Pinfold Henry Peckham Randolph Tutty John Grantwick of Shermanbury Esquires Philipp Cheatc of Henfeild Thomas Burrell John Hasler Gentlemen.

For Seaford.

The BaylifFe and Jurats for the tyme being The Bayliffe of Pevensey for the tyme being.

For the County of Warwick.

The Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Tiviott of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable the Lord Digby of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Francis Grevill Esquire The Honourable Thomas Coventry Esquire The Honourable Robert Shirley Esquire Sir John Mordant Sir Charles Holt Sir Simon Clarke Sir Richard Temple Sir Clement Fisher Sir William Boughton Sir Jacob Astley Sir Thomas Sainuell Sir John Bridgman Sir Charles Shuckbourgh Sir William Wheeler Sir John Huband Sir Reginald Foster Sir Basill Price Sir Richard Newdigate Baronettf Sir William Underhill Sir John Clopton Sir William Craven Sir Francis Wheeler Sir Andrew Ilackett Sir William Bishop Sir Richard Verney Sir Thomas Rawlinson Knightf William Brumley Andrew Archer Robert Burdctt Walter Chetwind Esquires Thomas Rawlins Serjeant att Law William Peytoe George Lucy Robert Somervile Basill Feilding Arden Adderley Seabright Repington Thomas Wagstaffe Arden Bagott William Palmer Richard Hopkins Charles Knottsford Humphrey Wyrley Henry Parker Charles Newsham Thomas Keate Thomas Fetherston Edward Bentley Hastings Ingram Charles Jeimens William Colemore Edward Clopton Ward Dilke William Dugdale George Boune William Bolton William Higgot Robert Hervey Michael Biddulph Simon Biddulph Francis Fisher junior Henry Greene John Stratford John Shuckburgh James Ludford Edward Farmer John Combes Thomas Peers Fisher Wentworth alias Dilke Price Devereux Bernard Whaley Esquires John Clarke John Astley [John1] Jennens Humphrey Holden George Fulwood John Mariot Thomas Archer John Newsham Thomas Newsham Ambrose Holbech William Loggins Timothy Stoughton John Appletree John Stanton Robert Wilcox John Andrewes George Alsop Gentlemen The Mayor of Stratford for the tyme being The Bayliffs of Tamworth for the tyme being.

For the City and County of the City of Coventry.

The Mayor for the tyme being Nathaniell Harriman Francis Harriman Edward Owen Thomas Lawrence Aldermen Sir John Dugdale [Kn1'] Richard Hopkins Basill Feilding Henry Greene Edward Taylor George Bowne John Bowater Thomas Burgh Thomas Hopkins Robert Beake Esquires Edward Hill Henry Smith Robert Smith Simon Burton Humphrey Burton Mr Turvill of Stoke Gentlemen Thomas Gery Esquire.

For the County of W'estmerland.

Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir George Fletcher Baronettf Sir Daniel Fleming Sir Christopher Philipson Sir John Otway Knightf Richard Lowther John Dalston Christopher Dalston Thomas Hilton William Fleming Edward Wilson senior Edward Wilson junior William Sandford Henry Wilson Thomas Fletcher Richard Brathwaite Roger More Edward Musgrave John Fisher John Philipson John Nevison Hugh Matchell Ephraim Sandford Esquires The Mayors of Applebie and Kendall for the tyme being John Smith Robert Sharpe Thomas Godsalve Gentlemen Richard Crackenthorpe Cyprian Ililton Arthur Scaife Richard Pindar Anthony Saul John Brougham Thomas Shephard Daniel Fleming Myles Phillipson George Wilson Thomas Heblethwaite James Bird Reginald Dobson John Hall Thomas Wilson William Birkhead Thomas Cock Thomas Gabettus John Atkinson John Thwaits.

For the County of Wilts.

Charles Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton Edward Viscount Combury Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Clarendon Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Shaftesbury Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Abingdon Henry Lord Coleraine of the Kingdome of Ireland Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland The Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esquire Sir Edward Seymour Sir Walter St John Sir John Button Sir Edward Windham Sir Richard Grubham How Sir Walter Long Sir James Long Sir William Pincent Sir James How Baronettf Sir Edward Hungerford Sir John Nicholas Knightf of the Bath Sir Giles Eyre Knight one of the Justices of Theire Majesties Court of Kings Bench Sir Ilenry Coker Sir John Erule Sir John Talbott Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir George Hungerford Sir Stephen Fox Sir Thomas Escourt Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Charles Rawleigh Sir Edmond Warneford Sir John Collins Sir Richard Hart Sir George Willoughby Sir Thomas Fowles Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Charles Hedges Knights Francis Pawlett George Pitt Richard Lewis Alexander Popham senior Alexander Popham junior Robert Hyde Francis Wroughton senior John Hall Richard How Thomas Hobby John Wyndham Thomas Lambert of Bayton Samuel Eyre Henry Brounckcr Thomas Frcake of Shrowton Thomas Bennett Edward Nicholas of Manningford Maurice Buckland Thomas Pitt William Ash Alexander Thistlethwaite Francis Morley Henry Saint John Charles Fox Edward Nicholls of Winter-Bourne Walter Ernie John Smith of Jidworth John Deane Edward Nicholls of Camins Francis Goddard Francis Stonehouse William Trenchard William Daniel Christopher Willoughby Thomas Webb William Yorke John Glanville Thomas Baskerville Edward Nott Thomas C.hamberlaine George Wroughton Thomas Goddard Thomas Freake of Hannington John Bolis John Hawlis Thomas Penruddock William Wyndham Thomas Windham Walter Grubb John Devenant Henry Chivers Nicholas Baynton Richard Chandler Richard Jones of Ramsbury John Ash of Haywood John Young Thomas Gunter

' interlined on the Roll.

288

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

senior Thomas Gunter junior James Linch of Whiteparish Cox Richard Whitehead Lionell Duckett

John Wildman junior Edmond Lambert John Marvin William Willoughby William Norbourne Thomas Chafin John Trenchard Wadham Wyndam Edward Seymour Richard Nevill William George Charles Tucker Benjamin Gifford John Fitzherbert Edmond Hungerford John Bennett William Hearst Gabriel Ashley John Wallis Richard Aldsworth Herbert Salladine William Brewer Michael Ernie Edward Lisle Nevill Maskaline William Player David Thomas Doctor of Physick Charles Yorke Walter Greene John Ilippesley Charles Duncoinbe Edmond Webb John Flower senior John Bond Thomas Harris Richard Poore John Jacob Edward Duke Captaine Fitz James Thomas Lambert of Sarum Anthony Hungerford Thomas Poldon Charles Danvers Walter Parker Henry Coker Francis Wroughton junior Robert Duke of Lake John Gantlett John Bigg Francis Swanton William Greenefeild Charles Mitchell William Hitchcock Henry Pinnell John Curie Charles Plyedail Charles Bowles Robert Grove senior John Grove of Chisbury Robert Grove junior John Long Francis Thistlethwait William Beach of Tiddleton Andrew Duke Charles Stewart Walter Long of Wraxall Edward Hearst Samuel Trottman William Hancock Councill att Law Fowkes of Knoyle James Clarke George Hill Thomas Beach John Kent of Boscum

Edward Rider Robert Smith Henry Dennis Oliver Bingley William Fisher John Bowles Counseller att Law Edward Pleydall Edward Spencer Thomas 'Fainter William Coles Thomas Bennett of Salthropp Thomas Phipps Henry Fairfax William Hussey Richard Nevill Brcreton Boucher Henry Blake Thomas Grove George Hill William Hues junior Esquires John Mompesson Thomas Powell Thomas Hayward Dauntessey Brounker Nicholas Elliot Christopher Gardner Richard Minifie John Brooke Nicholas Daniell William Clare Christopher Lippiatt John Smith of Alton Matthew Smith Jonathan Hill John Twogood Walter Sharpe John Flower Henry Watman Edward Medlicott Thomas Hunt of Enford Henry Eyre of Woodhampton Edmund Hennings Matthew Smith Francis Goddard of Pirton Hent-y Southby Thomas White John Fisher Francis Coles Samuel Ashe Henry Goldney Thomas Hardyman John Forster Thomas Francklin Robert Bisse Robert Mandrell Thomas Long of Rowden Thomas Stump Elias Ferris The Mayor of Salisbury for the tyme being The Mayor of Wilton for the tyme being The Mayor of the Devizes for the tyme being The Mayor of Maryborough for the tyme being The Bayliffes of Chippenham for the tyme being George Willoughby George Davis of Woodford James Croome Nicholas Hayes Richard Smith of Kennett George Duke of Sarson Humphrey Wall Thomas Hunt of Maryborough Richard Hilliard of the Devizes Henry Wallis Esquire Peter Temple [Joseph1] Iloulton Joseph Berrio John Lesse Anthony Trottman Gentlemen William Stewkley Esquire Sir Thomas Earle Charles Danvers Lovelace Bigg George Bowdisch of Littleton William Norris Gentlemen Charles Morley Isaac Selfe William Okeden Charles Mompesson William Wastfeild Nathaniell Trotman Esquires Robert Lawrence Charles Chiswell Gentlemen Thomas Stringer Esquire John White Thomas Hunt Joseph Bardew Simon Spatchers Gentlemen Richard Cox Esquire Jasper Chapman.

For the City of New Sarum and Close of the same.

The Mayor for the tyme being Sir Gyles Eyre Knight Recorder one of the Justices of Theire Majesties Court of Kings Bench Sir Thomas Mompesson Knight John Windham Thomas Windham Thomas Hobby Thomas Pitt William Hearst William Windham Esquires Christopher Gardner Peter Phelps Thomas Haskett William Smith Thomas Kenton John Priaulx Andrew' Baden Roger Baskett James Herrys Faulkner William Vyner

Jonathan Hill Aldermen Wadham Windham David Thomas Doctor of Physick Richard Minors Francis Swanton Gabrieli Ashley Edward Hearst Thomas Lambert Herbert Salladine John Hill William Hews Esquires

For the County of Worcester.

The Right Honourable Richard Earle of Bellamont in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Thomas Coventry Robert Tracy Thomas Watson Henry Folliott Gilbert Coventry Esquires Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath and Lord Cheife Baron of Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer Sir Nicholas Letchmeere one of the Barons of Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer Sir Henry Littleton Sir John Packington Sir Francis Russell Sir Thomas Rous Sir Edward Seabright Sir William Keyte Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir James Rushout Sir Ralph Dutton Baronettf Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Harry Connisby Sir Francis Winnington Sir Thomas Streete Sir Thomas Haslewood Sir Edward Dineley Sir John Matthewes Sir John Somers Theire Majesties Solicitor Generali Knightf Samuel Sandys Henry Herbert William Bromley Thomas Foley Richard Dow'desw'cll Thomas Savage senior Henry Jeffreys George Walsh William Walsh Edwyn Sandys Anthony Sambach John Machell Henry Parker Thomas Savage junior Edmund Lechmeere Robert Berkley William Lygon Thomas Jolliffe Edward Rudge Bridges Nanfan Charles Baldwin Salwey Wynnington John C.harleton Walter Savage senior Walter Savage junior Thomas Vernon of Astwood Thomas Cornwall Robert Dormer Richard Barnaby Robert Foley Francis Sheldon William Hancock Higgins James Thomas Vernon of Worcester George Dowdeswell John Soley John Bearecroft John Clutton Robert Wild Edward Bull Thomas Lowe Chambers Slaughter Gerrard Dannett Richard Nash junior Allaine Cliffe senior Allaine Cliffe junior Francis Bromley John Sheldon Richard Freeman Charles Cocks Phillipp Foley Edward Steyner Goddard Carter Benjamin Joyliffe Thomas Cheatle Abell Gowre Esquires Thomas Nanfan Thomas Hunt of Lyndsey John Appletree William Vernon senior Thomas Bushell Edmund Tayler Arthur Bagshaw Robert Dowley William Moore Higham Cooke Philipp Bearecroft of Saint Swithin Thomas Herbert Henry Toye Samuel Hunt Thomas Hunt of Ribben-hall Edward Walker William Bird John Ernes Giles Parsons Martin Ballard Thomas Harris Edward Wheeler Henry Hoges Humphrey Soley George Gardner Richard Avenant James Nash Nicholas Wheeler Edward Davis Edward Lench The Mayor of Evesham for the tyme being The Bayliffs of Droytwich for the tyme being The Bayliffe of Bewdley for the tyme being George Harris Arthur Lowre William Baldwyn William Bookey Richard Norbury William Bell John Fowncs senior Gentlemen.

Richard O.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

289

For the City and County of the City of Worcester.

The Mayor Aldermen and Sheriffe for the tyme being Sir John Somers William Bromley Esquire Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Thomas Street Henry Herbert Walter Savage junior Robert Wyld Charles Cocks Esquires Samuel Swift Philipp Bearecroft of the Parish of Saint Swithen Edward Cooksey John Handy Thomas Smith Nicholas Baker Nicholas Fayting.

For the County of Anglesey.

Richard Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashels in the Kingdome of Ireland Lewis Lord Viscount Dungannon in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Thomas Bulkeley The Honourable Robert Bulkeley Sir Hugh Owen Baronett Sir William Williams of Vaynol Baronett Sir Thomas Mostyn Baronett Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Thomas Burton John Hooke Nicholas Bagnol William Robinson Price Lloyd Francis Bulkeley John Griffith of Carreg-Lloyd John Owen Penrhose Owen Bold William Meyrick Conningsby Williams Owen Hughes Samuel Hanson John Jones Doctor of Divinity John Ellis Doctor of Divinity Owen Wynne William Griffith of Llanvaiethley Robert Owen of Holyhead William Morgan John Wynne William Bulkeley David Lloyd Lloydiart Hugh Wynne of Treyerworth Roger Hughes Rowland Wynne Henry Sparrow John Owen Cremlin Thomas Williams Maurice Lewis Francis Llovd John Prycherch Hugh Williams David Williams Owen Davies of Llandefredog Henry Wynne of Penheskyn Edward Lewis William Jones John Owen Bodiar Richard Edwardf John Hill Richard Hughes William Griffith Thomas Roberts of Castellor Richard Vaughan John Price Owen Roberts Richard Bulkeley Maurice Parry The Mayor of Beaumaris for the tyme being.

For the County of Brecon.

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent to Henry Duke of Beaufort Sir Walter Williams Baronett Sir Edward Williams Sir Rowland Gwvnne Knights Bussey Mansell Thomas Morgan John Lewis of Codmore Richard Williams Jeffrey Jelferyes Charles Morgan John Jefferyes Edward Jones Thomas Walker Daniel! Williams Walter Vaughan Thomas Flower John Williams John Morgan Marmaduke Gwynne John Walters John Gunter Marmaduke Lloyd Edward Lewis Philipp Parry Lodowick Lewis Charles Lloyd Lewis Jones James Parry Richard Jefferyes John Stedman Francis Lloyd John Walbeof Walter Williams Robert Lucy William Bowen John Gwynne John Lewis Marmaduke Gwynne junior Jasper Miller Rice Price Morgan Watkins Richard Williams Henry Jones Thomas Williams William Jones Esquires Bartholomew Games Gwinne Vaughan Charles Powell Edward Games Hugh Penry Thomas Williams Henry Vaughan Doctor in Physick Richard Williams of Aberbrane William Watkins of Penyrwrled Lewis Lloyd Thomas Gwynne William Phillipps William Williams of Veleinnewith William Williams of Battell John Madox Lewis Havard James Watkins Samuel Williams Thomas Jones Henry Williams Thomas Bowen William Lloyd James Donne Morgan Price Robert Rumsey John Herbert Francis Lewis John Rumsey Howell Morgan Edward Williams Howell Jones William Awbry Walter Vaughan John Phillipps Richard Watkins Edward Price Thomas Lloyd of Rosferick Howell Gwynne Christopher Portrey Lloyd of IJangamarch

Thomas Price of the Glinn Richard Hughes John Lloyd senior John Lloyd junior Paul Williams Gentleman Richard Games Thomas Walker Esquires.

For the Towne of Brecon.

The Bayliffe Recorder and Aldermen for the tyme being Sir Walter Williams Baronett Sir Edward Williams Sir Rowland Gwynne Knightf Jeffrey Jeffreys Thomas Morgan Richard Williams of Cabalva Edward Jones John Jeffreyes Charles Morgan John Walters William Phillipps Lodowick Lewis Henry Jones Saunder Saunders William Brewster William Wynter John Price Esquires John Jeffreyes Henry Thomas William Herbert Edward Hughes William Williams Meredith James Towne Clerke.

For the County of Cardigan.

Sir Carbery Price Sir Basill Price Baronetts Sir Thomas Powell Knight Sir William Wogan Knight Theire Majesties Serjeant att Law John Lewis Coedmore John Tredenham Hector Phillipps John Vaughan William Powell Thomas Lloyd of Castlehowell Charles Lloyd of Maesyselin William Herbert Thomas Lloyd of Bronwidd William Bridgestock David Lloyd of Werne Samuel Hughes John Herbert Vaughan Pryse Walter Lloyd David Parry Daniel Evans Richard Owen Mayor of Cardigan John Lewis of Troedyrrhyw John Llewis of Gernos Edward Jones of Llanina David Lloyd of Crunvryn Cornelius Le Brun Richard Lloyd John Phillipps senior James Lloyd Evan Lloyd Hugh Lloyd John Williams Richard Steadman Esquires John Bowen of Morvabychan John Jones Edward Pryse Samuel Hugh es Hugh Lloyd of Llwyd Jack David Lloyd of Foes y blythed Jenkin Lloyd David Lloyd of Llanvechan Oliver Howells Stephen Parry Morgan Howells David Lewis William Lewis Hector Morgans John Morris David Howells William Parry Rees Lloyd of Loves-Grove David Lloyd of Cumbwa John Lloyd of Pant-David Hugh Lloyd of Doleclettur Evan Evans Roderick Richardf Charles Lloyd of Kilforth John Parry of Cumsultin Richard Pryse of Dol Englwys Walter Lloyd of Crunvryn Nathan Griffith John Knowles John Pryse David Griffith Henry Jones John Phillipps junior Henry Davyes John Morris of Carrock Walter Price Gentlemen.

For the County of Carmarthen.

Sir Richard Mansell Sir Sackvill Crow Sir Rice Rudd Sir William Russell Baronettf Sir Rice Williams Sir John Powell one of Theire Majesties Justices of the Common Pleas Sir William Wogan Theire Majesties Serjeant att Law Sir Orlando Gee Knightf Richard Vaughan of Tarracoed Griffith Rice John Tredenham Thomas Cornwallis

4E

290

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

A. J9.1691.

Rowland Gwynne Christopher Middleton Thomas Lloyd of Birthlandowill Richard Vaughan of Derthlis Richard Jones Marmaduke Williams John Williams of Abercothy Thomas Lloyd of Altacadnoe Richard Gwynne of Gwempa Griffith Lloyd Rawleigh Mansell Edward Mansell Roger Manwaring Henry Owens Edward Vaughan William Brigstock Thomas Powell Thomas Lloyd of Dunneralt Arthur Gwynne John Williams of Talley Thomas Gwynne senior Daniel Evans Edward Jones of Lethernoiar Henry Lloyd of Llanstephan William Beevans of Pencoed John Phillipps of Dolehaid John Williams of Carmarthen Walter Thomas Samuel Hughes Esquires George Gwynne Anthony Rudd David Gwynne William Gwynne Edward Jones of Tregeeby Thomas Manwaring Owen Bowen Thomas Philipps of Kilsant David Lewis of Llinewrith Henry Vaughan of Plase-Gwynne William Jones of Colebrooke James Jones of Dollo Cotchthey William Bridstock of Aberywlly Walter Morgan Hugh Jones James Philipps Anthony Williams Lewis Price of Llaneddy Benjamin Lewis William Davis of Drusloyne Charles Dalton Thomas Philipps of Llandarogg Griffith Elliott John Langhorne Zachariah Beevans William Bynon Henry Philipps Daniell Linegar Thomas Thomas Evan Price Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Carmarthen.

The Mayor Common Councill and Sheriffs for the tyme being Sir Sackvill Crow Sir Rice Rudd Sir Hugh Owen Baronettf Sir Rice Williams Knight Rowland Gwynne Griffith Lloyd Edward Vaughan William Brigstock Henry Lloyd Marmaduke Williams Esquires Thomas Mainwaring George Lewis Theophilus Bevans John Williams Griffith Williams Gentlemen.

For the County of Carnarvan.

Richard Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashels in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Edward Russell The Honourable Thomas Bulkeley Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronett Sir William Williams of Vaynoll Sir Thomas Mostyn Baronettf Sir Robert Owen Knight Sir Robert Cotton Thomas Burton Sir William Williams Knight arid Baronett John Hooke Nicholas Bagnall Roger Price Griffith Vaughan William Wynne of the Abby William Williams of Place y Ward John Vaughan of Panti Glase George Twesleton John Jones Doctor of Divinity John Ellis Docfor of Divinity Owen Wynne of Glascoed Edward Williams William Maddrine George Coytmore James Brunkyre Love Parry John Thomas Owen Hughes Conningsby Williams Samuel Hanson Robert Hookes Hughe Bodurda William Wynne of Llavonda John Rowlandf William Glynne Randall Wynne Richard Edwardf William Wynne of Werne William Wynne of Gian yr Afon Griffith Wynne of Stimllin Hugh Lewis John Wynne Griffith Carreg William Griffith of Madrinissa William Lloyd Robert Pugh Owen Wynne Pen y bryn Owen Coytmore Humphrey Robertf Robert Griffith Thomas Fletcher William Williams Griffith Parry John Vaughan Evan Lloyd Pen Machno Hugh Stodart Owen Roberts John Maurice Thomas Ellis Robert Ellis Edward Price Edward Owen John Williams of Brimer Wat kin Owen Gentlemen.

For the County of Denbigh.

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons First Lord Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill John Lord C.utts of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Sir John Trenchard Knight Cheife Justice of Chester Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronett Sir Thomas Powell Sir Richard Middleton Sir Evan Lloyd Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Walter Baggott Sir Thomas Mostyn Baronettf Sir Francis Compton Knight Sir John Conway Baronett Sir Robert Cotton Knight and Baronett Sir Robert Owen Sir Jeffrey Shakerley Sir Roger Puleston Sir Griffith Jeffreys Knightf Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Edward Vaughan of Llangedwin Edward Brereton William Wynne of Melory Robert Davies of Llannerch Richard Mostyn of Penked William Williams of Plas y Ward Thomas Carter Kenrick F.yton Thomas Middleton Eubule Thelwall senior Roger Mostyn Joshua Edisbury William Robinson Ellis Lloyd John Roberts Eubule Thelwall junior Cadwallader Wynne Robert Price of Gillar Owen Wynne of Lloyne David Maurice Edward Maurice of Llorain Robert Wynne of Maesmachnant Sydney Binner Roger Price Robert Griffith of Brimbo Richard Middleton Symon Thelwall Thomas Wynne of Diffrinalled John Middleton of Gwaynonog Edward Griffith John Puleston Edward Wynne of Llanyfidd Peter Ellis Foulke Lloyd of Foxhall Ellis Meredith Edward Chambers Esquires John Puleston of Pickhill John Wynne of Farme John Wynne of Garthmeilio Edward Griffith of Game Eubule Lloyd Richard Eyton Booth Basnett Gentlemen Hedd Lloyd Esquire Edward Lloyd of Plas Maddock David Lloyd of Llangollen Vechan Richard Wynne of Aberkynleth David Lloyd of Bodnant Roger Middleton Robert Wynne of Garthmelio Robert Edwards of Plaseyollin Edward Lloyd of Dwfan Thomas Lloyd of Kefn Robert Lloyd of Hendrewailod Peter Foulkes of Erriviat John Vaughan of Erriviatt Gentleman Sydney Godolphin John Maesmore Esquires William Vaughan Peirce Foulkes Robert Wynne of Garthewin Chancellor of Saint Asaph Meredith Wynne of Nantclyn John Morris of Lis Gentlemen William Rutter Esquire Francis Lloyd Rector ot Llandurnog John Vauchan of Tee-brith John Powell of Llandurnog Timothy Middleton of Pentreleach John Doulben Esquire Evan Lloyd of Croise Yockin Thomas Price of Bwich Humphrey Yale of Place*yn-yale Hugh Hughes ot Brittanger Gentlemen The Aldermen and Bayliffs of the Towne ot Denbigh for the tyme being Thomas Shaw Robert Knowles John Lloyd of Llanraider Thomas Price of Giller Richard Wynne of Trovarth Richard Matthewes Gentlemen The Mayor of Holt for the tyme being The Aldermen of Ruthin for the tyme being Thomas Whitley John Williams Esquires David Williams Gentleman.

For the County of Flint.

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons First Lord Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy

A.D.\69\.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

291

Councill John Lord Cutts of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Hanmer Knight and Baronett Sir Evan Lloyd Sir John Conaway Sir Thomas Mostyn Sir William Glyn Sir Robert Cotton Sir Richard Middleton Sir Thomas Grosvenor Baronettf Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Sir Robert Owen Sir Roger Puleston Knightf Colonell Roger Whitley Colonell Thomas Salisbury Colonell Thomas Whitley William Ilanmer Thomas Carter Roger Price Thomas Hanmer Robert Davies William Lloyd John Langley John Broughton Richard Mostyn Edward Lloyd of Tuthin Thomas Eyton George Hope John Wynne Hugh Griffith Owen Barton Peirce Pennant Thomas Evans Thomas Whitley Kenrick Eyton Edward Lloyd of Pentrehobin Edward Ravenscroft Edward Kynaston Edward Morgan Richard Parrie William Rutter Thomas Williams Edward Brereton Esquires Owen Barton Roger Mostyn Ellis Young Twistleton William Griffith Thomas Jones Peter Wynne Roger Jones John Pennant Thomas

Foulkes Josias Jones Thomas Lloyd of Gwernhailud Roger Edwardf Thomas Lloyd Roger Pennant Luke Lloyn Thomas Salisbury John Wynne John Puleston of Pickhill Roger Davies John Brooke Henry Lloyd John Lloyd George Williams William Buttler Hugh Peirce Robert Humphryes Richard Hughes Thomas Jones Thomas Edwardf George Wynne Richard Folkes Thomas Morton Gentlemen.

For the County of Glamorgan.

Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Stradling Baronettf Sir Charles Kernys Sir John Awbrey Sir Richard Bassett Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir Humphrey Mackworth Sir Humphrey Edwyn Knightf John Windham Serjeant att Law Thomas Mansell Thomas Morgan Richard Lewis Marinaduke Gibbs David Jenkins Richard Seys William Herbert Francis Gwine Bussey Mansell Thomas Lewis Edward Matthewes Edward Mansell William Thomas William Windham Martin Button Richard Lowgher Richard Jenkins Martin Button junior Christopher Portre William Herbert junior Thomas Button George Bowen Olive S' John William Matthew William Awbrey Thomas Gibbons Reynold Deere Walter Evans William Seyes John Deere Edward Turbevill John Lewelin Richard Herbert Andrew Matthews John Price Esquires Thomas Rees Thomas Mansell of Penrice Jeremy Dawkins James Gwynne John Price Goodwin Herbert William Phillipps John Bassett Thomas Price Thomas Popkins Rowland Hughes Philipp Williams Matthew Seys Richard Williams Roger Powell Richard Jenkins Anthony Powell Loydarch Anthony Gwynne George Bidder Roger Williams Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Cardiffe.

Cradocke Wells Benjamin Browne Cradocke Nowell Lewis Cox William Richard Alexander Bursill Aldermen and William Thomas Towne-Clerke The Bayliffs of Cowbridge The Portreeve of Neath The Portreeve of Swanzey for the tyme being.

For the County of Merioneth.

Sir Richard Middleton Baronett Sir Hugh Owens Baronett Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Sir Robert Owens Knight Griffith Vaughan of Cors-y-gedol Hugh Nanney of Nanney William Lewis Anwill Roger Price of Rhiwlas Edward Vaughan of Llydiarth William Pugh of Mathaverne William Wynne of Melay Owen Anwill of Penrhyn Lewis Owens of Penniarth John Lloyd of Aberllavenny William Williams of Place-y-ward Vincent Corbett John Nanney of Llanvenddigett John Va[u‘]ghan of Glan-y-llyn Charles Hughes of Gwerkles Owen Wynne of Pen-y-wern Edmund Meirick Simon Lloyd William Wynne of Maes-y-nenodd Richard Mitton Esquires Roger Salizbury of Rugg Esquire Owen Eyton Gentleman Meredith Lloyd Anthony Thomas Richard Poole of Caenest John Maesmore Thomas Lloyd of Llandeckwyn Robert Price of Ysgroweddan Rowland Price Richard Owens Hugh Tvdur of F.grin David Lloyd of Hendwr Esquires William Eyton Robert Wynne of Garthmelio Robert Nanney of Cefn Dauddwr Edward Lloyd of Ddwyfain John Morgan of Plasse John Lewis John Lloyd Cefnfais Henry Mostyn John Humphreys Hugh Hughes Oliver Thomas John Lloyd of Uron Griffith Roberts of Rhiwgoch Edward Hughes of Towyn Hugh Owens of Kaerberllan Robert Vaughan of Caerrwnwch William Humphreys Thomas Lloyd of Hendwr Richard Humphreys Griffith Vaughan of Dolcy-Melyn Llwyn John Price of Llwyn Gwem Caleb Lloyd Ellis Davis Rees Prichard of Llwyn-Gwrill John Edwards of Tonfane John Wynne of Garthmeilio Robert Pugh of Dolemoch Robert Lloyd of Uron Evan Wynne of Cummeine William Anwill of Dolefring Robert Owen of Dy-gwin John Lloyd of Doley-Glessin Morris Davis Gentlemen Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronett William Anwill of Doleuring Edward Owen Gentlemen.

For the County of Mountgomery.

The Honourable Andrew Newport Esquire Sir Richard Middleton Sir John Price Baronettf Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Price Devereux William Pugh of Mathaverne Edward Lloyd of Berth-Lloyd Edward Vaughan John Matthewes Matthew Morgan John Kyffin Walter Clopton Richard Mitton John Edwardf of Rorington Edward Leighton Edward Barrett Arthur Vaughan Thomas Rock Arthur Devereux Charles Lloyd of Garth Gabriel Wynne Richard Lee Phillip Eyton Daniel Whittingham Richard Herbert Richard Stedman Thomas Mason Nathaniel Maurice Humphrey Kynaston Thomas Lloyd Edward Price Robert Lloyd Arthur Weaver Matthew Price Meredith Morgan William Williams Evan Glynne Vincent Peirce Rowland Owen of Llunlloeth Richard Owens John Thomas of Penegos Edmund Lloyd Richard Ingram Esquires Walter Price Esquire Francis Herbert Esquire Humphrey Jones Sydney Bynner Esquires Lumley Williams junior Richard Rock Edward Jones Thomas Juckes Gilbert Jones John Griffiths of Glanhaveren Roger 'Trevor William Lloyd of Finnant Richard Price of Gunley Vaughan Devereux Thomas Griffiths Thomas Hodson Solomon Bowen Humphrey Lloyd of

interlined on the Roll.

A.D.\69\.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

Goitree Samuel Lloyd John Griffiths of Bachayee John Vaughan of Myvod John Read Hugh Derwas Robert Kynaston Hugh Davies of Collfryn John Davis of the same William Evans of Llandrinio Evan Jones of Llanllothian Richard Davis of Kenhmva Rees Lloyd of Cowney John Herbert Richard Whittingham of the Farme William Pierce Richard Price of Bettus David Meredith of Llanwothelan Thomas Gwynne Richard Glynne Rees Lloyd of Clothean Edward Bowen of Penyralt John Wilson Edward Price of Street-voylog Edmund Price Morgan David of Penegos Randle Owen Humphrey Owen Evan Jones Charles Mason Lewis Wiliams of Llwyn-y-Ruthod Robert Davies of Maeseinaur James Price William Corbett Matthew Matthewes of Wemddy John Vaughan of Keele Thomas Severne George Higgins Gentlemen.

For the County of Pembroke.

Richard Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir Hugh Owen Sir Gilbert Lort Sir John Barlow Baronettf Sir William Wogan Knight Their Majesties Serjeant att Law Edward Phillips Hector Phillips Essex Myrick Arthur Owen Rowland Laughame Lewis Wogan of Weston Lewis Wogan of Boulston Hugh Bowen William Scourfeild William Mordant Walter Middleton John Owen John Williams David Williams John Barlow senior George Lort John Laughame Arthur Owen junior Griffith Hawkwell George Bowen William Skyrme Charies Phillipps William Warren James Lloyd John Barlow junior Thomas Corbett George Meare Lewis John William Wogan junior Griffith Elliott Henry Walter George Lehunt John Phillips John Lewis Arthur Laughame David Parry John Edwards Erasmus Corbett John Owen Esquires William Davies of Lampeter Barrett Bowen George Bowen of Camrosse Matthew Bowen John Jordan William Foord senior William Foord junior Owen Foord George Jones of Brawdy Gwynne Vaughan George Harries John Owen of Preskelly George Lloyd James Laughame Rice Adams Roger Adams Thomas Lloyd of Penpedwist John Child Thomas Jones John Wogan Robert Williams Lewis Matho George Lewis Gentlemen The Mayor of Pembroke for the tyme being Francis Rogers Francis Danvers John Courey Alexander Foord Aldermen The Mayor of Tenby for the tyme being Henry Williams Devereux Hamond James Lloyd Aldermen.

For the County of Radnor.

Sir John Morgan Sir Standish Harston Baronetts Sir Edward Harley Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir Edward Williams Knights Sir Lacon Child Robert Harley William Fowler Richard Williams John Walcott Thomas Lewis of Harpton Edward Lewis of Manoughty Marmaduke Gwynne Samuel 1 Powell Thomas Harley Littleton Powell Henry Probart Edward Price Thomas Vaughan Edward llowarth William Probart Robert Cutler John Fowler Robert Leucy James Lloyd Charles Lloyd John Walsham William Brewster Jeremiah Powell Evan Bowen John Duvall Esquires Thomas Haworth Lewis Lloyd Thomas Lewis of Langwilte Nicholas Meredith Thomas Davis of Cumtytter John Davis of Coedglascon Evan Vaughan William Lloyd Coroners Lemuel Lloyd Andrew Davis William Tayler Walter Vaughan Nehemiah Kettleby William Tayler Herbert Wesson, Lloyd Wesson Peter Richards Jonas Stephens Henry Bull Henry Vaughan Thomas Powell Edward Phillipps Griffith Paine Walter Price John Whitney Robert Williams Gentlemen Captaine Richard Games The Bailiffe and Aldermen of New Radnor for the tyme being Robert Price Esquire Recorder John Davies of the Uron Lace Hugh Stephens Hugh Lewis of Hendwall Esquires Samuel Tonman Herbert Wesson Lloyd Wesson John Walsham Henry Bull Griffith Paine David Powell John Stephens Jonas Stephens Gentlemen.

For the Towne and County of Haverford-West.

o

The Mayor for the tyme being Sir Erasmus Phillipps Baronett Sir Hugh Owen Baronett Sir William Wogan Knight Theire Majesties Serjeant att Law Arthur Owen Esquire Lewis Wogan of Bolston Esquire William Wogan Esquire Richard Howell Esquire William Skyrme Esquire John Lewis of Manemawen Esquire William Flaerton Doctor in Physick Robert Prust senior John Bateman John Fowler Thomas Poyer William Bowen William Browne George Lewis Jacob Walford Robert Prust junior William Bateman junior and Thomas Harris Aldermen William Mary-Church Sheriffe Thomas Bowen Town-Clerke William Bowen Thomas Llewelin Roger Pritchard senior John Bateman junior Vincent Powell Charles Davies and Thomas Child Gentlemen.

m

Commissioners to meet in the several Counties, &ic. on the 2d Day of February next, to execute this Act

and may subdivide themselves.

And be itt further enabled and declared That the severall Commissioners aforesaid shall meete together att the most usuall and common Place of Meeting within each of the said Counties Ridings Cityes Boroughs Townes and Places respectively on the Second day of February next ensueing And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall bee present att the said First Generali Meeting or the major Part of them are hereby authorized and required to putt this present Act in Execution according to the best of theire Judgements and Discretions and shall then if they see cause subdivide and distribute themselves soe into lesser Numbers as Two or more of the said Commissioners may bee appointed for the Service of each Hundred or other Division and as may best conduce to the carrying on of Theire Majesties Service hereby required.

IV.

Commissioners to set down in Writing what Number of them shall act in each Division, and deliver Copy thereof to Receiver General.

And for the more efte&uall Performance thereof bee it enacted and declared That the Commissioners att theire aforesaid First Generali Meeting or the major Part of them shall agree and sett downe in Writeing who and what Number of the said Comissioners shall act in each of the said Divisions or Hundred^ and shall deliver a true Copy of such Writeing to the Receiver Generali to bee appointed by Theire Majesties to the end that these may bee noe Failure in any Part of the due Execuebn of the Service by this Act required.

A.D. 169).

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

293

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Receiver Generali from tyme to tyme within

the Space of One Moneth next after hee shall have received the full Sume that shall bee charged on any

Hundred or Division for each particular Payment that is to bee made to such Receiver Generali by vertue of this Act shall give to the Commissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a Receipt under his Hand and Seale acknowledging his Receipt of the full Sume charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular Payment which Receipt shall bee a full Discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular Payment against Theire Majesties Theire Heires and Successors And the Commissioners within the severall Divisions or Hundreds or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized and required to cause the said severall Proporc&ns charged on the respective Divisions and on every Parish and Place therein for the said Twelve Moneths Assessments to bee equally assessed and taxed and to appoint Two or more Assessors in each Parish or Place for the perfeding thereof who are hereby required with all Care and Diligence to assesse the same equally by a Pound Rate upon all Lands Tenements Hereditaments Annuityes Rent-Charges and other Rents Parkes Warrens Goods C.hattells Stock Merchandizes Offices (other then Military Offices and Offices relateing to the Navy under the Command of the Commissioners of the Admiralty and Officers within Theire Majesties Houshold) Tolls Profitts and all other

Estate both Reall and Personall within the Limitts Circuits and Boundf of theire respective Parishes and Places.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Sume of Eoure hundred and twelve thousand

nine hundred twenty five pounds fourteene shillingf six pence shall bee assessed collected levyed and paid unto

the Receiver Generali of the said severall Counties who shall be appointed by Theire Majesties on or before the Five and twentieth day of March in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety two And the Summe of Foure hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds Fourteene shillingC six pence being the Second of the said Quarterly Payment^ on or before the Foure and twentieth Day of June in the said Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety two And the Summe of Foure hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fourteene shillingf six pence being the Third of the said Foure Quarterly Payments on or before the Nine and twentieth day of September in the said Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety two And the Summe of Foure hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds

fourteene shillingC and six pence being the Fourth and last of the said Foure Quarterly Paymentf on or before

the Five and twentieth day of December in the said Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety two.

And for the compleating of the whole Summe charged as aforesaid and to the end the aforesaid Summes charged upon the severall and respective Counties Ridings Cityes Boroughs Townes and Places may bee equally and indifferently asvsessed according to the true Intent of this Act and the Money duely collected and true account thereof made the said Assessors are hereby required to deliver One Copy of theire respective Assessmentf fairely written and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners And the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them are hereby ordered and required to signe and seale Two Duplicates of the said Assessmentf and the one of them to deliver or cause to bee delivered to one or more honest and responsible Person or Persons to bee Collector or Collectors which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint for each Parish or Place with Warrant to the said Collector or Collectors to collect the same Assessment payable as aforesaid soe as the said severall Summes may bee paid in to the said Receiver Generali att the respective tymes aforesaid And the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver or cause to bee delivered a Schedule Note or Duplicate in Parchment under theire Hands and Seales fairely w'ritten containing the particular Summe assessed upon each Parish or Place unto the Receiver Generali of £ach County Rideing City Borough Towne or Place respectively

who is hereby required within One Moneth after his Receipt thereof to transmitt One Duplicate of the same

fairely written in Parchment under his Hand and Seale into the Kings Remembrancers Office of the Exchequer and [one1] other Duplicate thereof to the Office of the Clerke of the Pells there And the said Remembrancer and Clerke of the Pells respectively upon receipt of the said respective Duplicate are hereby required to give a Receipt in Writeing acknowledging the same to such Receiver Generali or any Person by him respectively deputed in that case.

And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That the money received by the said

Collectors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from tyme to tyme be duely paid to the Receiver

Generali or to his Deputy or Deputies to be appointed under his Hand and Seale whereof Notice under the Hand and Seale of the Receiver Generali shall bee given unto the Commissioners or any Three of them within the respective Divisions or llundredf within Tenne Dayes after the First Generali Meeting and soe from tyme to tyme within Tenne Dayes after every Death or Removall of any Deputy (if any such shall happen) and the Receipt of such Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputies or any of them shall bee a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector And the particular Collectors are hereby required to pay in all and every the Summes soe received by them unto the said Receivers Generali or theire Deputy or Deputies for Payment whereof the said Collectors shall not bee obliged to travell above Tenne Miles from the Places of theire Habitations which said Receivers Generali are hereby required forthwith to transmit! or cause to bee paid the moneys by them received into the Receipt of Theire Majesties Exchequer And the Lords Commissioners of Theire Majesties Treasury are hereby authorized to allow the said Receiver Generali of each County Rideing City and Towne respectively in case hee hath returned upp as aforesaid Duplicates of the Assessment of each Parish or Place in the County Rideing City or Towne for which hee is appointed Reciver Generali a Salary for his Paines not exceeding Two Pence in

1 interlined on the Roll.

4F

V.

Receivers General to give Commissioners a Receipt for Monies received by them from their Division.

Such Receipt to be a Discharge to Division, tkc.

Commissioners in their several Divisions to cause the Proportions charged to be

equally assessed ; 1

and to appoint

Assessors.

Duty of such Assessors.

VI.

.£412,925. 14s. 6d. to be paid to Receiver General 25th March 1692. £412,925. 14s. 6d. Second Quarterly Payment, 24th June 1692. £412,925. 14$. 66. Third Quarterly Payment, 29th Sept. 1692.

*£412,925. i4S.6d. Fourth and last Quarterly Payment, 25th Dec. 1692.

VII.

Assessors to deliver Copy of Assessment to Commissioners; Commissioners to sign, &c. Two Duplicates thereof, and to deliver One to Collector, which they are to nominate, with Warrant for Collection.

Commissioners to deliver Schedule of Sums assessed to Receiver General;

who is to transmit One Duplicate thereof to the Remembrancer of Exchequer, and the other to the Clerk of the Pells.

VIII.

Notice of money received by Receiver General or his Deputy to Commissioners.

Receipt of Receiver General a Discharge to Collector.

Collector to pay to Receiver General. Collectors travelling for such Payments Receiver General to transmit monies to Exchequer. Salary to Receiver General.

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. &Mar. c.5.

IX. Allowance to Collectors.

Collectors may detain Allowance.

Allowance to Commissioners Clerks paid by Receiver General.

X.

Persons charged refusing,&c. to pay;

Distress.

Collectors breaking open Doors,Chests, &c. to call in Constables, &c.

who are to aid Collectors. Questions upon Distress determined by Commissioners. Persons conveying away Goods, &c. Commissioners may imprison

Except Peers.

Tenants to pay Rate, and may deduct.

landlords to allow Deduction.

XL

Tenant paying, acquitted to Amount of Payment.

Difference between Landlord and Tenant as to Rate, Commissioners may settle.

Over Rate, Appeal to Commissioners.

If Proportions of Rate not fully assessed, or assessed upon Persons not of Ability ; or upon empty Houses, &c. or if Assessments not paid to Receiver General. Commissioners, Assessors, &c. are to re-assess.

Such new Assessments to be made, 5cc. as former Assessment.

the Pound upon the cleareing of his Accompt which Duplicates soe to bee returned into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer and the Office of the C.lerke of the Pells are intended to containe noe more then the Summes in grosse to bee collected by each Collector and the severall Names of the said Collectors.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That the Collectors of each Parish or Place which shall bee

appointed by vertue of this Act shall upon Collection of the whole Summe appointed to be collected by them and

Payment thereof as is hereby before appointed have and receive for theire paynes in collecting and paying the

Moneys Three pence in the Pound which the said Collectors are impowered to detaine out of the last Payment of the Money of theire severall and respective Foure Quarterly Payments And the said Receiver Generali upon the receipt of the whole Assessments of the County Rideing City or Towne for which hee is appointed Receiver Generali in case hee hath received the severall Duplicates of each Parish or Place therein and not otherwise shall allow and pay according to such Warrant as shall bee in that behalfe given by the said Commissioners or any of them One Halfe-penny in the Pound for the Commissioners Clerkes for theire paynes in faire writeing the Assessments Duplicates and Copies.

And bee it further Enacted and Declared That if any Person shall refuse or neglect to pay any Summe of Money whereatt hee shall bee rated and assessed That then itt shall and may bee lawfull to and for the said Collectors or any of them and they are hereby authorized and required to levy the Summe assessed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of such Person soe refuseing or neglecting to pay and reasonable Charges of destraineing and restoreing the Overplus (if any bee) to the Owner thereof and to breake open in the day tyme any House and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seales of Three or more of the said Commissioners any Chest Trunk Box or other things where any such Goods are and to call to theire Assistance the Constables Tythingmen and Head boroughs within the County es Rideings Cityes Townes and Places where any Refusall Neglect or Resistance shall bee made Which said Officers are hereby required to bee ayding and assisting in the Premisses as they will answere the contrary att theire Perills And if any Question or Difference happen upon takeing such Distresses the same shall bee ended and determined by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them And if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his or theire Assessment or convey his or theire Goods or other Personall Estate whereby the Summes of Money soe Assessed cannot bee Ievyed according to this Act then the respective Commissioners or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized to imprison such Person or Persons (except a Peere or Peeresse of this Realnie) and him and them in Prison to detaine and keepe untill the Moneys soe assessed and the Charges for the bringing in the same bee paid and satisfyed and noe longer And the severall and respective Tenant or Tenants of all Houses and Lands which shall bee rated by vertue of this Act are hereby required and authorized to pay such Summe or Summes of Money as shall bee rated upon such Houses or Lands and to deduct out of the Rent soe much of the said Rates as in respect of the said Rents of every such House and Lands the Landlord should or ought to pay and beare And the said Landlords both mediate and immediate according to theire respective Interests are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of theire Rents.

And itt is enacted and declared That every Tenant paying the said Assessments shall bee acquitted and discharged for soe much money as the said Assessments shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually paid unto such Person and Persons unto whome his Rents should have beene due and payable And if any Differences shall arise betweene Landlord and Tenant or any other concerning the said Rates the said severall Commissioners or any Three or more of them in theire severall Divisions shall and have hereby power to settle the same as they shall thinke fitt And if any Person or Persons shall find him or themselves aggrieved in that the Assessors have Over-rated him or them and shall in Six Dayes after demand made of the Summe of Money assessed on him or them complaine to Three or more of the Commissioners (whereof one of the Commissioners who signed or allowed his her or theire Assessments to bee one) the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall have and have hereby Power within Twelve Dayes after the Demand of the Assessment as aforesaid to relieve such Person or Persons and to charge the same on such other Person and Persons as they shall see cause And in case the Proportions sett by this Act upon all and every the respective Countyes Rideings Cityes Townes and Places shall not bee fully assessed Ievyed and payd according to the true meaneing hereof or if any of the said Assessments shall bee rated and imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the same or [upon1] any empty or void House or Land where the same cannot bee collected or Ievyed or that through any Wilfulnesse Negligence Mistake or Accident the said Assessment charged on each County Rideing City Towne or Place by vertue of this Act happen not to bee payd to the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputies of the respective Counties as in this Act is directed That then in all and every such Cases the severall and respective Commissioners Assessors and Collectors aforesaid and every of them respectively are hereby authorized and required to assesse or re-assesse or cause to bee assessed or re-assessed Ievyed and paid all and every such Summe and Summes of Money upon the respective Countyes Rideings Cityes Townes and Places or upon any the Divisions Hundreds and Parishes therein as to the said Commissioners or such number of them as by this Act are authorized to cause the first Assessment hereby required to bee made shall seeme most agreeable to Equity and Justice The said new Assessment to bee made collected and paid in such manner and by such meanes as in this Act for this Assessment is declared and directed.

1 interlined on the Roll.

J. DA 691.

295

3° Gul. Sc Mar. c.5.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe [his1] or theire Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this present Act the said respective Commissioners or any Three or more of them have hereby Power to impose on such Person or Persons soe refuseing or neglecting theire Dutyes such Fine or Fines as by them shall bee thought fitt and to cause the same to bee levyed by Distresse and Sale of his and theire Goods. Provided that noe Fine to bee imposed by any of the said Commissioners shall for any one Offence exceed the Summe of Twenty Pounds which said Fine shall not bee taken off or discharged but by the consent of the majority of the Commissioners who imposed the same And that all Fines that shall bee imposed by vertue of this Act shall bee paid to the respective Receivers Generali and by them to the Receipt of Theire Majesties Exchequer and every Receiver Generali to whome any such Fine shall bee paid as aforesaid shall and is hereby required to returne a Certificate thereof in Parchment fairely written to the Office of the Kings Remembrancer as aforesaid before the Five and twentieth Day of January in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety two and the like Certificate within the tyme aforesaid to the said Clerke of the Pells att the Receipt of the Exchequer that the same may be thereby knownc and charged in his Accompt

And itt is further enacted and declared That if any Collector that shall bee by vertue of this Act appointed for the Receipt of any Summe or Summes of money thereby to bee assessed, neglect or refuse to pay any Summe or Summes of money which shall by him bee received as aforesaid and to pay the same as in this Act is directed and shall detaine in his or theire Hands any money received by them or any of them and not pay the same as by this Act is directed the Commissioners of each County Rideing City or Towne respectively or any Three or more of them in theire respective Divisions are hereby authorized and impowered to imprison the Person and seize and secure the Estate both Reall and Personall of such Collector to him belonging or which shall descend or come into the Hands or Possession of his Heires Executors or Administrators where ever the same canne bee discovered and found And the said Commissioners who shall soe seize and secure the Estate of any Collector or Collectors shall bee and are hereby impowered to appoint a tyme for the Generali Meeting of the Commissioners for such County Rideing City Towne and Place and there to cause Publick Notice to bee given [at1] the Place where such Meeting shall bee appointed Tenne Dayes att least before such Generali Meeting And the Commissioners present att such Generali Meeting or the major Part of them in case the Moneys detained by any Collector or Collectors bee

not paid and satisfyed as itt ought to bee according to the Dircccftns of this Act shall and are hereby

impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall bee for the cause aforesaid seised and secured or any Part of them and satisfy and pay such County Rideing and Place the Summe which shall bee detained in the Hand of such Collector or Collectors theire Heires Executors and Administrators respectively

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That att the Expiration of the respective tymes in this Act prescribed for the full Payment of the said Foure Quarterly Assessments the severall and respective Commissioners or any Three of them within theire Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the Collectors within each respective Division and Hundred to examine and assure themselves of the full and whole Payment of the particular Summe and Summes of Money charged upon the same Division or Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of the due returne of the same into the Hands of the Receivers Generali theire Deputy or Deputies of the said County Rideing City Towne and Place respectively and by such Receivers Generali into the Receipt of Theire Majesties Exchequer to the end there may bee noe failure in the Payment of any Parte of the Assessments by vertue of this Act to bee assessed and paid nor any Arreares remaine

chargeable upon any the said Counties Rideings Cityes Townes or Places respectively And in case of any failure

in the Premisses the said Commissioners or any three of them are hereby to cause the same to bee forthwith levyed and payd according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act.

And itt is hereby enacted and declared That in case any Controversy arise concerning the said Assessments or the divideing apportioning or payment thereof which concernes any the Commissioners by this Act, appointed that the Commissioners soe concerned in the said Controversie shall have noe voice but shall withdraw att the tyme of the Debate of any such Controversie untill it bee determined by the rest of the Commissioners And in default thereof that the Commissioners then present shall have power and are hereby required to impose such Fine or Fines as to them shall bee thought fitt upon such Commissioners soe refuseing to withdraw' not exceeding the Summe

of Twenty Pounds and to cause the same to bee Levyed and paid as other Fines to bee imposed by vertue of

this Act are to bee levyed and paid.

And bee it further enacted and declared That noe Priviledged Place or Person Body Politick or Corporate within the Counties Rideings Cityes and Townes aforesaid shall bee exempted from the said Assessments and faxes And that they and every of them and also all Fee-Farme Rents and all other manner of Rents Payments Summe and Summes of Money or Annuityes issueing out of any Lands shall bee lyeable towards the Payment of every Summe by this Act to bee taxed and levyed And all the Tenants are hereby directed and authorized to pay them proportionably according to the Rates and Assessments by this Act appointed and directed And all such Tenants shall bee hereby saved and kept harmlesse by Authority of this Act from any further Payment of any

such Portion of any such Rent Rents Summes of Money or Annuityes to any pson or psons to whom any such

Rent Rent(J Sumes of Money or Annuityes as aforesaid should or ought to bee paid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as fully and amply as if they had paid the same to any Person or Persons to whome the same is or are reserved or become due.

1 of, in King's Printer's Copy.

XII.

Persons not executing Ad, Commissioners may fine.

Levied by Distress.

Fine not to exceed

As to taking same off.

Fines paid to Receivers General and by them into Exchequer. Certificate thereof by Receiver General.

XIII.

Collector neglecting to pay or detaining Monies

Proceedings by Commissioners.

Commissioners so proceeding to appoint a General Meeting;

Notice thereof. Collectors not paying; Proceedings by Commissioners.

XIV;

At Expiration of times for Quarterly Payments Commissioners are to call Collectors before them, &c.

and, in case of Failure, to cause same to be levied.

XV.

On Questions respecting Assessments, in which Commissioners concerned, they are to withdraw.

Penalty.

XVI Privileged Places, Persons, &c. not exempt.

Fee Farm and other Rents, Annuities, See. liable.

Tenants to pay proportionably.

Indemnified.

interlined on the Roll.

3° Gul. & Mar.

c. 5.

A.D. 1691.

XVII.

Proviso for Colleges in the Two Universities, Colleges of Windsor, Eton, Winchester, and Westminster, and for Hospitals, in respect of Sites of Colleges, &c.

Christ's Hospital, &c.

xvm.

Lands, See. held by Lease from Hospitals, i've. to be rated at their yearly Value.

XIX.

Persons having a House in one Parish. &c- and Goods in another, charged where they dwell.

XX.

No Clause in this Act. to extend to lessen the Rate.

Provided That nothing contained in this Act bee extended to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the Two Universities or the Colledges of Windsor Eaton Winton or Westminster or any Hospitall for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges Halls or Hospitalls or any Master Fellow or Schollar of any such Colledge or Hall or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universities Colledges or Halls or any Master or Usher of any Schoole for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Profitts whatsoever ariseing or growing due to them in respect of the said severall Places and Employments in the said Universityes Colledges or Schooles or to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall St Bartholomew Bridewell St Thomas and Bethlehem Hospitall in the City of London and Borough of Southwarke or any of them or any other Hospitall or Almeshouse for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitalls or Almeshouses being to bee received and disbursed for the immediate use and reliefe of the Poore in the said Hospitalls or Almeshouses onely.

Provided That noe Tenants that hold and enjoy any Lands or Houses by Lease or other Grant from any of the said Hospitalls or Almeshouses doe clayme and enjoy [any *] Freedome Exemption or Advantage by this Act but that all the Houses and Lands which they soe hold shall bee rated and assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitalls or Almeshouses to bee received and disbursed for the immediate support and releife of the Poore in the said Hospital^ and Almeshouses:

Provided That where any Person inhabiteing within the City of London hath his Dwelling-House in one of the Parishes or Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandizes in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same That then such Person shall bee charged taxed and assessed for such his Goods or Merchandizes in the Parish or Ward where hee dwelleth and not elsewhere within the said City.

Provided neverthelesse That noe Clause or Provisoe in this Act shall extend to the lessening or abatement of the full Summe appointed by this Act to bee taxed levyed collected and payd but that the same bee fully assessed taxed levyed collected and paid in the severall and respective County es Cityes and Townes aforesaid in such manner and forme and to such uses as herein is before menebned and declared.

XXI.

Proceedings in case assessing by Pound Rate found to obstruct speedy bringing in Assessment.

Provided allwayes and bee itt hereby enacted and declared That in case the way or manner of assessing by a Pound-Rate shall prove any waves prejudiciall or obstructing to the speedy bringing in of the Assessment or any part thereof appointed by this Act That then and in all such Cases the respective Commissioners or any Three of them are hereby authorized and required to order and direct theire respective Assessors (who are hereby required to proceed accordingly) to assesse the respective Summes charged on the respective Counties Rideings Cityes Boroughs Townes and Places mentioned in this Act according to the most just usuall Rates held and practised in such Counties Rideings Cityes Boroughs Townes and Places respectively Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII.

Proviso for Contracts between Landlord and Tenant as to Payment of Taxes.

Provided allwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall bee construed to alter change determine or make voyd any Contractf Covenantf or Agreement£ whatsoever betweene Landlord and Tenant or any other Persons touching the Payment of Taxes and Assesssments Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII.

Places assessed in such County, &c. as heretofore.

Provided allwayes and bee it further Enacted and Declared by the Authority aforesaid That for the avoyding of all Obstruccbns and Delays in collecting the Summes by this Act to bee rated and assessed, all Places Constablewicks Divisions and Allottments which have used to bee rated and assessed shall pay and bee assessed in such County Hundred Rape and Wapentake as the same have heretofore beene usually assessed in and not elsewhere.

XXIV.

In Actions brought touching Execution of this Act,

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suite or Information shall bee commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what hee or they shall doe in pursueance or in Execution of this Act such Person or Persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall and [may1] plead the Generali Issue (Not Guilty) and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the Speciall Matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer a Discontinueance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendants shall recover theire Treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants

XXV. Receivers General and their Deputies to give Acquittances to Collectors,

without Fee.

The like Provision as to Parishes.

Such Acquittance to be a Discharge.

Provided allwayes and bee itt enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the severall Receivers Generali which shall bee appointed according to this Act theire Deputy or Deputies shall from tyme to tyme att every payment appointed thereby give unto the severall Collcdors within theire respective Precincts upon the payment of the whole Summe due att such tymes of Payment from theire respective Parishes Constablewicks or Places within each of theire Colledions severall Acquittances under theire Hands without takeing any thing for the same And that in like manner att every tyme of Payment appointed by this Act the Receiver Generali of each County his Deputy or Deputies shall give unto the severall Collcdors aforesaid upon the Payment of the whole Summe or any parte thereof due for theire Parish or Place respectively att each tyme of Payment aforesaid severall Acquittances under theire Hands and Seales without takeing any thing for the same which said Acquittances of the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputies shall bee a full and perfect Discharge to the Collectors and to such Parish or Place respectively and to every Person charged within the said Collectors Charge against Theire Majesties lhcire Heires and Successors for the Summe or Summes of money soe acquitted.

interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1691.

297

3° Gur, & Mar. c.5.

Pkovided alwayes and bee it further enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish Place or Constablewick shall bee unoccupied and noe Distresse canne be found on the same by reason whereof the said Parish Place and Constablewick are forced to pay and make good the Tax assessed upon such Land lyeing unoccupied that then itt shall and may bee lawfull att any tyme after for the Collectors Constable or Tythingman of the said Parish Place or Constablewick for the tyme being to enter and distraine upon the said Land or Houses when there shall bee any Distresse thereupon to bee found and the Distresse and Distresses (being the proper Goods of the Owner or any claymeing any Estate Interest or Profitt under him) if not redeemed within Foure Dayes by payment of the Tax and charge of the Distresse to sell rendring the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Distresse And the said Collector Constable or Tythingman is hereby enjoyned to distribute the Money raised by the said Distresse or Sale thereof proportionably to the Parties who contributed to the Tax of the said unoccupied Lands.

Provided allwayes and bee itt enacted That where any Woodlands shall bee assessed and noe Distresse canne bee had that in such case it shall and may bee lawfull to and for any Collector Constable Headborough or Tythingman by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of Three or more of the Commissioners of that Hundred or Division att seasonable tymes of the Yeare to cutt and sell to any Person or Persons soe much of the Wood growing on the Woodlands soe assessed as will pay the Assessment or Assessments soe behind and unpaid and the charge incident thereunto and that itt shall and may bee lawfull for the Person and Persons and his and theire Assignes to whome such Woods shall bee sold to sell cutt downe dispose and carry away the same to his owne use rendring the Overplus (if any bee) to the Owner any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided allwayes and bee itt further enacted That where any Tax or Assessment shall bee charged or laid upon any Tythes Tolls Profitts of Marketts Faires or Fishery or other Annuall Profitts not distrainable in case the same shall not bee paid within Fifteene Dayes after such Assessment soe charged or laid and demanded then itt shall and may bee lawfull to and for the Collector Constable or other Officer thereunto appointed by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any Three or more of the Commissioners authorized by this Act to seize take and sell soe much of the said Tythes Tolls and other Profitts soe charged as shall bee sufficient for the levying the said Tax and Assessment and all Charges occasioned by such Non-payment thereof rendring the Overplus to the Owner if any bee.

And for the better preventing of such unjust Vexations as might bee occasioned by such Persons as shall bee appointed Receivers Generali of any the Summes of Money granted by this Act and to the intent that the said Receivers Generali may returne a true Accompt into Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer of such Summes of Money as shall bee received by them and every of them theire and every of theire Deputy and Deputies Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Receiver Generali shall returne or certify into the said Court any Summe or Summes of Money to bee in arreare [and1] unpaid after the same have beene received either by such Receiver Generali or by his Deputy or Deputies or any of them or shall cause any Person or Persons to bee sett Insuper in the said Court for any Summe or Summes of Money that hath beene soe received that then every such Receiver Generali shall forfeitc to every Person and Persons that shall bee molested vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust Certificate Returne or setting Insuper the Damages that shall bee thereby occasioned the said Damages to bee recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon in which noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and shall also forfeite to Theire Majesties Theire Heires and Successors the Summe that shall bee soe unjustly certifyed or returned or caused to be sett Insuper.

And bee itt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Foure Quarterly Payments of One hundred thirty seaven thousand six hundred forty one Pounds eighteene shillingf two pence by the Moneth amounting in each of the Foure Quarters to the Summe of Foure hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fourteene shillingf and six pence shall bee assessed collected levyed and paid to the Receiver Generali of the severall Counties that shall bee appointed by the tymes mentioned and expressed in this Act and shall bee paid by the said Receivers Generali into Theire Majesties Receipt of the Exchequer within Twenty Dayes after the said tymes menconed and expressed in this Act

And bee it further enacted That every Receiver Generali to bee appointed by Theire Majesties by vertue of this Act before hee enter upon the Execution of this Office shall become bound with sufficient Sureties to Theire Majesties before the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the tyme being in such Summe or Summes as the said Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners shall direct with condition that hee his Heires Executors Administrators Deputy or Deputies shall truly account and pay all and every such Summe and Summes of Money as shall come to his hand or as hee shall may or reasonably might receive or bee charged with by this Act concerning his said Office of Receiver Generali into the Receipt of Theire Majesties Exchequer att the tymes in this Act respectively lymited and appointed for the same and to doe and perforate all and every other thing and things hereby required by him to bee done executed and performed every of which Bonds shall bee forthwith transmitted by the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Office of the Kings Remembrancer of the Exchequer to bee there deposited.

Provided allwayes That noe Person shall bee capable of being a Receiver Generali by vertue of this Act who hath beene Receiver Generali of any Ayds or Summes of Money heretofore granted to Theire Majesties by any Act of Parliament and shall not passe his Accompt and obtaine his Quietus out of the Pipe for the same

1 or 0.

4 O

XXVI.

When Lands, &c. unoccupied, and no Distress found,

Collectors, Constables, &c.

may enter and distrain.

Proceedings

thereon.

XXVII. Where Woodland assessed, and no Distress had. Collectors, &c. may cut and sell Wood growing.

Buyers of such Wood may sell. See. same, rendering Overplus to Owner.

XXVIII.

Proceedings where Assessment charged on Tithes and other Property not distrainable.

XXIX. Receivers General certifying Arrears to be due where the Monies have been received.

Penalty to Party.

Penalty to their Majesties.

XXX. Quarterly Payments to be made to Receiver General and by them into the Exchequer within 20 Days after the times before mentioned.

XXXI. Receivers General to become bound.

Condition of Bond.

Such Bond to be transmitted to the Exchequer.

XXXII.

What Persons not to be Receivers General under this Act.

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

Receiver General to enter Certificate of his Name and Place of Abode with Clerk of the Pells.

On Default of Payment by Receiver, Proceedings.

XXXIII.

Commissioners not liable for Penalties of 35 Car. II. c. 2.

XXXIV.

Commissioners to take the Oath of 1 W. & M. Sess. f. c. 8.

Which Commissioners may administer.

Acting without taking the Oath ; Penalty £200.

XXXV.

Receivers General before the end of Trinity Term 1693 to finish their Accounts.

Accounts audited declared before Barons of the Exchequer. Proceedings thereou.

Quietus est to Accountants.

XXXVI. Rents, Charges, &c. to be assessed in the Proportion as the Lands out of which they issue.

XXXVII.

Proviso respecting King's Bench Prison

and the Marshalsea.

XXXIX. Repayment of such Monies how secured.

Register provided.

'Pally of Loan to Lender, and Warrant for Interest.

and produce a Certificate thereof to the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury before the last Day of Trinity Terme in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and two. Provided allwayes That every such Receiver Generali to bee hereby appointed shall upon the Receipt of his Commission for the said Office enter a Certificate of his Name and Place of Abode in the said Office of the Clerke of the Pells

to the end that the said Clerke by him or his Deputy or Clerkes in that Office may have the meanes from

tyme to tyme to enquire of the Performance of the Trust of such Receivers Generali respectively in the due Payment of the Money by him from tyme to tyme received into the Receipt of the Exchequer and upon any

Neglect or Default of such Payment to informe the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the

Treasury therewith that a due course and remedy may bee by them applyed as the case may require

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners who shall bee

imployed in the execution of this Act shall bee lyeable for or by reason of such Execution to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act made in the Five and twentieth Yeare of the Reigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

Provided allwayes and bee itt enacted That noe Person shall bee capable of acting as a Commissioner in the

execution of this Act before hee shall take the Oaths appointed by an Act of the last Parliament entituled An

Act for abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths which Oaths itt shall bee lawfull for any Two or more of the Commissioners to administer and they are hereby required and authorized to administer the same to any other Commissioner And in case any Person hereby named a Commissioner shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the execution of this Act before hee shall have taken the said Oaths hee shall forfeite to Theire Majesties the Summe of Two bundled Pounds.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every of the Receivers Generali appointed by this Act as aforesaid shall and are hereby required before the end of Trinity Terme in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three to make and finish theire and every of theire respective Accompts of the Money by them received and paid into Theire Majesties Exchequer by vertue of this Act before the Auditors appointed or to bee appointed for takeing and auditeing thereof And the said Accompts soe taken and audited shall bee within the said tyme declared before the Barons of the Court of Exchequer or one of them and within Eight and twenty Dayes after such Declaration made shall bee transmitted to the Office of the Kings Remembrancer of the Exchequer and from thence to the Treasurers Remembrancer to bee by him sent over to the Clerke of the Pipe to bee ingrossed upon the great Roll of the Pipe or Roll of Foreigne Accompts there to charge the Supers thereupon descending according to the usuall Course and Custome of the Exchequer and the said Clerke of the Pipe is hereby authorized and required to give such Discharges and Quietus est to all and every of the said Accomptants that shall finish and perfect theire Accompts as aforesaid to charge the Supers depending upon any of them and to doe and performe all other thing and things relateing thereunto according to the usuall Course and Custome of Theire Majesties Exchequer in such cases

Provided allwayes and itt is hereby declared and enabled That all Rent Charges Fee-Farme Rents and other Rents shall bee assessed rated and taxed proportionably according to such Rates and Proportions onely as the Lands and other Hereditaments (out of which the same are issueable and payable) shall bee assessed rated and taxed and not otherwise.

Provided allwayes That the Prison of Kings Bench the Prison-House Lands Gardens and the Common side and all the Rents Profitts and Perquisites of the Office of the Marshall of the said Kings Bench Prison lyeing and being in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr in the Borough of Southwarke and County of Surrey And alsoe the Prison-House Lands and Gardens of the Prison of the Marshall of the Marshalsea Prison and all Offices Perquisites and Profitts thereof lyeing and being also in the said Parish of S‘ George in the Borough of Southwarke and County of Surrey shall bee charged and assessed to this Assessment in the said Parish of Saint George Borough of Southwarke and not elsewhere Any thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided allwayes and itt is hereby enacted That itt shall and may bee lawfull to and for any Person and Persons to advance and lend unto Theire Majesties upon the Security of this Act any Summe or Summes of Money and to have and receive for the forbearance thereof any Summe not exceeding Seaven Pounds by the Hundred for One whole Yeare and noe more directly or indirectly.

And to the end that all Moneys which shall bee lent unto Theire Majesties upon the Creditt of this Act may bee well and sufficiently secured out of the Moneys ariseing and payable by this Act Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That there shall bee provided and kept in Theire Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts one Booke or Register in which all Moneys that shall bee paid into the Exchequer by Vertue of this Act shall bee entred and registred apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to Theire Majesties upon any other Branch of Theire Majesties Revenue or upon any other Accompt whatsoever And that all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any money to Theire Majesties upon the Creditt of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane struck for the same and an Order for his Repayment beareing the same Date with his Tally In which Order shall bee also contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for Forbearance thereof not exceeding Seaven pounds per Centum per Annum for his Consideration to bee paid every Three Moneths until

A.D.\69\.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

299

repayment of his Principall And that [all1] Orders for repayment of money shall bee registred in course according to the Date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another And that all and every Person and Persons shall bee paid in course according as theire Orders shall stand entred in the said Register Booke soe as that the Person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Order or Orders first entred in the said Book of Register shall bee taken and accounted as the first Person to bee paid upon the moneys to come in by vertue of tills Act And hee or they who shall have his or theire Order or Orders next entred shall bee taken and accounted to bee the second Person to bee paid and soe successively and in course And that the moneys to come in by this Act shall bee in the same Order lyeable to the satisfaction of the said respective Parties theire Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to bee divertible to any other Use Intent or Purpose whatsoever And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly bee demanded or taken of any Theire Majesties Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entryes View or Search in or for payment of money lent or the Interest as aforesaid by any of Theire Majesties Officer or Officers theire Clerkes or Deputies on Paine of payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending with Costs of

Suite Or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to loose his Place also And if

any undue preference of one before another shall bee made either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaneing of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the Party offending shall bee lyeable by Action

of Debt or on the case to pay the Value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Party grieved and shall bee

forejudged from his Place or Office And if such preference bee unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without dircccon or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall bee lyeable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall bee for ever after uncapable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells Record or the Teller make payment according to each Persons due place and order as afore directed then hee or they shall bee judged to forfeite and theire respective Deputies and Clerkes herein offending to bee lyeable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to bee incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any theire Deputies or Clerkes shall and may bee recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacdn in any of Theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall bee in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided allway^es and bee itt hereby declared That if itt happen that severall Tallyes of Loane or Orders for Payment as aforesaid beare date or bee brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to bee registred then itt shall bee interpreted noe undue preference which of those hee enters first soe hee enters them all the same day. Provided also That itt shall not bee interpreted any undue Preference to incurre any Penalty in point of Payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Tellers doe pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand theire money and bring theire Order [before other psons that did not come to demand theire Money & bring theire Order'] in theire course soe as there bee soe much money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not bee otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from the tyme the money is soe reserved and kept in Bank for them.

And bee itt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Person or Persons to whome any money shall bee due by vertue of this Act after Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement of his Order may assigne and transferre his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Order or any parte thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Orders which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make shall intitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefitt thereof and Payment thereon and such Assignee may in like maimer assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards itt shall not bee in the power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignements to make voyd release or discharge the same or any the moneys thereby due or any parte thereof.

And bee itt Enabled That out of the money which shall bee levyed and paid by vertue of this Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer as well by Loane as otherwise the Summe of Tenne hundred thousand pounds shall bee and is hereby applyed and appropriated to and for the Payment of Officers and Seamen that have served and shall serve in Theire Majesties Navy Royall and for the paying for Stores Provisions and Victualls supplyed and to bee supplyed for the said Navy and to and for the Expences of Theire Majesties Office of the Ordnance in respect to Navall Affaires and for other necessary Uses and Services performed and to bee performed in and for the said Navy.

And for the efteftuall doeing thereof and that the said Summe of Tenne hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated to the Uses aforesaid may not bee diverted or applyed to any other Purpose And alsoe to the intent that all the moneys given by this Act may bee duely paid into Theire Majesties Exchequer Bee itt lurther

enacted That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keepe in his hands any part of the money by him

collected for any longer tyme then is by this Act directed (other then the Allowance made unto him by this Act)

or shall pay any parte thereof unto any Person or Persons other then the Receiver Generali of such County or

Place or his respective Deputy That every such Collector shall forfeite for every such Offence the Summe of Five

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in course.

Monies to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for providing or making Books, &c. or for Payment of Money lent, &c. Penalty. Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer.

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Deputy.

Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller not making Payments in due Order. Penalty.

How all such Penalties to be recovered.

XL.

Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

Paying subsequent Orders, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

XLI.

Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

XLII.

Out of the Monies raised by this Act 1,000,000 applied to the Payment of Seamen and Stores,

Office of Ordnance and other necessary' Naval Services.

XLIII.

Collector keeping Money in hand, or paying to Persons other than the Receiver General.

Penalty jfj.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

Receiver General or Deputy paying Monica paid to him to Persons other than the Exchequer, or paying by Warrant uponTally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation, &c. to divert Payment into the Exchequer. Penalty s(?5oo.

pounds And in case any Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any parte of the moneys paid to him or them by any Collector by vertue of this Act to any Person or Persons whatsoever (other then the Receipt of Theire Majesties Exchequer) and that att or within the respective tymes lymited by this Act or in case such

Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any parte of the said moneys by any Warrant of the Commissioners

of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the tyme being or upon any 'Pally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation or other Way or Device whatsoever whereby to divert or hinder the actuall payment thereof into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid That then such Receiver

Generali shall for every such Offence of himselfe or his Deputy forfeite the Summe of Five hundred Pounds to

him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law is to bee allowed.

XLIV.

Treasury not to dircA Warrant to CollcAor*, kc. for Payment to Persons other than into Exchequer; nor to the Officers of Exchequer for striking ot Tally of Pro, & c.

Officers not to

strike, &c.

any such Tally, &c.

And itt is hereby further enacted That the Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under-Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the tyme being or any of them doc not direct any Warrant to

any of the said Collectors or Receivers Generali or theire Deputies for the Payment of any parte of the moneys hereby given to any Person or Persons other then into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid Nor shall they or any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the strikeing of any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation or doe any other matter or thing whereby to divert the actuall payments of the said moneys

into the Receipt of the Exchequer Nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer strike or direct or record the strikeing

of any Tally of Pro or 'Tally of Anticipation upon any of the said moneys upon any Account or Warrant whatsoever Nor shall any Teller throw downe any Bill whereby to charge himselfe with any of the said moneys untill he shall have actually received the same

XLV. Officers of Exchequer to keep Accounts of the said /£ i ,000,000 distinct.

Regulations as to issuing such Money to Treasurer of the Navy and Treasurer of the Ordnance.

And itt is hereby further enacted That the Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer respectively shall and are hereby required to keepe the said Summe of Tenne hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated and the accompt thereof distinCt from all other Moneys and Accompts whatsoever And that the Lord High Treasurer Under-Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the tyme being or any of them respectively doe not signe any Warrant or Order or doe any Matter or Thing for the issueing or paying any parte of the said Summe of Tenne hundred thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated to any Person or Persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy and the Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy for the Uses aforesaid Nor shall the Auditor of the Receipt draw any Order whatsoever for the issueing any parte of the said Summe of Tenne hundred thousand Pounds hereby appropriated to any Person or Persons other then the said Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy and the Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy as aforesaid Nor shall hee direct or the Clerke of the Pells Record or any Teller make Payment of any of the said appropriated money by vertue of any Warrant or upon any Order or other Way or Device whatsoever other then to the Persons and for the Uses aforesaid and to bee soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant or Order.

XLVI. Treasurer of the Navy and Treasurer of the Ordnance to keep Monies apart. Regulations for Treasurer of the Navy and Ordnance issuing and paying Monies in respect of the said £ l ,000,000.

XLVII.

And for Commissioners of Navy as to signing Navy Bills, See. for issuing such Money.

XLVIII. Officers appointed to receive the said £i, 000,000

misapplying *®e.

Penalty.

And itt is hereby further enacted That the Treasurer of the Navy and the Treasurer of the Ordnance for- the tyme being shall keepe such parte of the said Summe of Tenne hundred thousand Pounds appropriated as aforesaid by vertue of this Act as shall bee paid to them respectively distinCt and apart from all other moneys And the Treasurer of the Navy shall issue and pay such parte of the said Summe as shall bee paid in to him by Warrant of the Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy or any Three or more of them And the Treasurer of the Ordnance [shall1] issue and pay such parte of the said Summe as shall bee paid in to him by Warrant of the Principall Officers of the Ordnance or any Three of them mentioning and expressing in the respective Warrant the respective Uses for which the same is respectively issued and paid according to the respective Appropriations thereof and applying the same which said Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy and Principall Officers of the Ordnance are to follow therein the Order and Direction of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the tyme being for apportioning the same for the Payment of the Officers and Seamen Stores Provisions ViCtualls and the Office of Ordnance as aforesaid in such just and proportionable Distributions as may bee most agreeable to the true intent of this Act.

And itt is hereby further Enacted That the Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy or any of them or Principall Officers of the Ordnance or any of them shall not signe any Navy Bill or Warrant or doe any other act or thing for the issueing and paying any parte of the said Summe of Tenne hundred thousand pounds soe appropriated by this Act to any Use Intent or Purpose whatsoever other then for the respective Uses for which the same is appropriated as aforesaid and to bee soe mentioned and expressed in such Navy Bill or Warrant

And itt is further Enacted That if any of the Officers which are appointed by this Act to receive the said Summe of Tenne hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated or any parte thereof shall after the receipt of the said money divert or misapply the same or any parte thereof by vertue of any Warrant from the Commissioners of the Treasury or from the Lord Treasurer or other Superior Officers for the tyme being contrary to the true intent of this Act That then such Officer or Officers soe diverting or misapplying the said money shall forfeite the like Summe soe diverted or misapplyed which said Forfeiture shall bee recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informaeon in any of Theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection

interlined on the Roll.

A.D.\69\.

301

.3° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

or Wager of Law shall bee allowed The one Moiety of which Forfeiture soe to bee recovered shall bee to the Informer or him who shall sue for the same the other Moiety thereof to bee distributed to the Poore of the Parish where such Offence shall be comitted.

And bee itt further enacted That if any Officer or Officers mentioned in this Act: or in any wise belonging to the Exchequer or Navy or Ordnance shall willingly and wilfully offend against this Law or any Clause thereof by diverting or misapplying any parte of the said Summe of Tenne hundred thousand pounds appropriated as aforesaid contrary to the true intent of the said Act That for any and every such Offence such Officer and Officers soe offending shall forfeite his Office and Place and is and are hereby disabled and made uncapable to hold or execute the said Office or any other Office whatsoever for the future.

Provided alsoe and bee itt enacted That noe stay of Prosecution upon any Command Warrant Motion Order or Direction by non vult ulterius prosequi shall bee had made admitted received or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suite or Proceeding by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information or otherwise for the recovery of all or any the Paines Penalties or Forfeitures upon any Person or Persons by this Act inflicted or therein menebned or for or in order to the Conviction or Disability of any Person offending against this Act.

Provided alwayes and bee itt enacted That out of the moneys hereby appropriated to and for the Payment

of Officers and Seamen that have served and shall serve in Theire present Majesties Navy Royall and to and for

the paying for Stores Provisions and Victualls as therein expressed and to and for the expences of Theire Majesties Office of the Ordnance in respect to Navall Affaires and for other necessary Uses and Sendees performed and to bee performed for the said Navy all such part thereof as shall bee issued and paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by Warrant of the Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy or any Three or more of them for Navall Stores and Provisions other then for Victualling shall bee paid in course to every Person or Persons or theire Assignes to whome any such money is or shall bee due according to the Dates of the Bills or Contrafts

registred for the same and not otherwise And that out of all such further parte of the said moneys as shall bee

issued and paid to the Lieutenant and Principall Officers of the Ordnance or [the1] Pay-master thereof or his Deputy for the expence of Theire Majesties Ordnance as to Navall Affaires and by them or the said Pay-master respectively and to any Person or Persons for Ammunition or any other Use or Service relateing to the Office of the Ordnance shall bee in like manner paid in Course to every such Person or Persons or theire Assignes respectively according to the respective Dates of the Bills and Contrafts for the same and not otherwise And the Comptroller of the Navy and Storekeeper of the Ordnance are hereby respectively required to keepe one or more Booke or Bookes in theire respective Offices wherein all Bills and Contrafts in reference to the Navy and Office of the Ordnance for such Bills and Contrafts respectively as aforesaid shall bee duely registred that all and every' Person or Persons concerned therein may have recourse thereunto without paying any Fee or Reward for soe doeing And if any preference of one before another shall bee made either in point of registry or payment contrary to the true mcaneing of this Act either by the said Treasurer of the Navy or Pay-Master of the Ordnance or Comptroller of the Navy or Storekeeper of the Ordnance or any of them or theire respective Deputies or Clerkes then the Party offending shall bee lyeable by Action of Debt or on the case to pay double the Value

of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Party grieved All which said Penalties Damages and Costs to bee incurred

by the Persons aforesaid or any of them respectively shall and may bee recovered by the said Party grieved by

Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall bee in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided neverthelesse That it shall and may bee lawfull for the said Lieutenant & Principall Officers of the Ordnance upon any emergent or extraordinary Occasion to pay any of the said Moneys appropriated by this Act to any Person or Persons upon Accompt by way of Imprest Any thing herein contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also That itt shall not bee construed any Preference to incurre any Penalty in point of payment in course as aforesaid if the said Treasurer of the Navy or Pay-master of the Ordnance or theire Deputies respectively doe pay subsequent Bills of Persons which come and demand theire money and bring theire Warrant or Order in theire course for the same soe as there bee soe much money reserved as will satisfy precedent Bills or Contrafts registred as aforesaid which shall not bee otherwise disposed of but kept for them in the said respective Offices.

Provided allwayes and bee itt enacted That noe Fees shall bee demanded or taken by any Officer of the Exchequer or of any of the Offices thereof for the receiveing or issueing any of the money granted by this Act or any other Act of this present Parliament for Aids or Supplyes to Theire Majesties but such antient legall Fees as shall bee allowed by the Lord Chiefe Baron and Barons of the Coife of the Court of Exchequer to bee such and not otherwise And that the said Chiefe Baron and Barons shall and are hereby required to present a Table or Schedule of the said Fees soe by them allowed to the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament att the next Session to bee holden for this or any next succeeding Parliament.

I low applied.

XLIX. Officers of Exchequer, Navy, or Ordnance mis-applying the same Monies.

Penalty.

L.

No Stay of Prosecutions, &c. in Actions for Penalties.

LI.

Out of Monies appropriated to Navy Stores and Naval Ordnance, Naval Stores and Provision other than Victualling paid in course.

The like Regulation as to Payment of Ordnance.

Comptroller of the Navy and Storekeeper of Ordnance to keep Hooks, See. for Registry of Hills, &c.

Recourse had thereto without Fee.

Undue Preference by Officer.

Action for Party. Double Damages and Costs.

LII. Principal Officers of the Ordnance may pay by Imprest.

LIU.

Not undue Preference to pay subsequent Bills first demanded if sufficient left for preceding Bills.

LIV.

Ancient legal Fees only allowed.

Table of Fees to be presented to Parliament by Barons of Exchequer.

1 interlined on the Roll.

4 H

. A

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 6.

A.D. Ift91.

CHAPTER VI.

Rot. Parl.pt. i. An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable quarterly for One year for the carrying on a vigorous War against

France

Reasons for this Grant.

Grant of 4s. payable quarterly by all Persons.

Proviso for Almsmen and their Children under 16.

Poor Housekeepers and their Children under 16; for Children under 16 of Day Labourers ; of Servants in Husbandry ; for Children under 16 of certain other Persons.

II.

Over the Sums aforesaid. Gentlemen of a£$co, and Persons above, except Peers. Widows, See. of a certain Income,

to pay .^4 quarterly.

Proviso for Gentlemen and Widows, See. making Oath of less Property.

m.

Cursitors and other Officers in Courts of Law, &c.

Merchants and Brokers.

Clergymen of .£'6o and upwards.

Prcacliers not having Orders.

Clergymen of j£\2o and upwards.

Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, Vintners of Jggoo and upwards.

IV\ Rates at which

Persons already

chargeable to find

a Horse and

Horsemen for

Militia.

WEF. Your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the C.ofhons in Parliament assembled having entred into a serious consideration of the great and extraordinary expences in which Your Majesties are engaged for the necessary defence of your Realmes and the vigorous carrying on the War against France and being desirous to raise aids and supplies proportionable to the greatnesse of the occasions do most humbly present to Your Majesties a free gift of the several sums of money herein after specified Beseeching Your Majesties that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same that all and every person and persons of what age sex or condition soever within this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed shall pay unto Their Majesties the sums hereafter menconed that is to say the sum of one shilling on the third day of May One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum of one shilling on the third day of August One thousand six hundred ninety two and the sum of one shilling on the third day of November One thousand six hundred and ninety two and the sum of one shilling on the third day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two (except such persons as shall receive Alms of the Parish where they dwell and their children being under the age of sixteen years att the time of the execucon of this Act And except all poor Housekeepers or Housholders who by reason of their poverty onely are exempted from contributing to the Church and Poor and their children being under the age of sixteen years And alsoe except all children being under the age of sixteen years of all Day Labourers and of all Servantf in Husbandry And alsoe except all Children being under the age of sixteen yeares of such who have four or more children and are not worth in Lands Goods and C.hattells the sum of fifty pounds.)

And be it further enacted that over and above the sums aforesaid every Gentleman or person so reputed or owning or writing himselfe such having an estate in the whole either real or personal of the clear value of three hundred pounds or more and every person above that quality and not a Peer of this Realme and all Widows having a Dower or Joynture of the cleare yearely value of One hundred pounds or more or being worth in the whole the cleare sum of One thousand pounds and all unmarried Women being worth in the whole in any Estate real or personal the cleare sum of One thousand pounds shall pay to Their Majesties the sums hereafter menconed (that is to say) the sum of twenty shillingf on the third day of May in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum of twenty shillingf on the third day of August in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum of twenty shillingf on the third day of November in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two and [the* ] sum of twenty shillingf on the third day of February [in the said yeare*] One thousand six hundred ninety two And no Gentleman Widow or unmarried Woman not having such Estates respectively and thereof makeing Oath before two or more of the respective Comissioners hereafter mentioned shall be charged with the said quarterly sum of twenty shillingf.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that every Cursitor Philizer Attorney Sollicitor Clerk in Chancery or Exchequer or other Courts of Law or equity or Scrivener or practising as such and ever)' Chancellor Comissary Official and Register and every Advocate ProCtor and Publick Notary or practising as such and all other Officers in any Court and all Merchantf and Brokers to Merchantf shall be charged and pay twenty shillingf quarterly att the several Days before mentioned And none of the said Persons so charged to be further liable to be charged or pay as a Gentleman or reputed Gentleman And also that every Clergyman not being a Lord Spiritual having or receiving in or by any Benefice or Contribution or otherwise sixty Pounds by the yeare or upwardf And every Preacher or Teacher in any Congregation whatsoever not having taken Orders according to the discipline of the Church of England (other then French Protestant) shall be charged and pay twenty shillingf quarterly att the several days before menebed And none of the said last menebed persons so charged to be further charged or pay as a Gentleman or reputed Gentlemen And also every Clergyman having more then one Benefice or Ecclesiastical Promotion being in the whole of the yearly value of One hundred and

twenty pounds or upwardf shall pay double the Sums charged upon other Clergymen And every Tradesman

Shopkeeper and Vintner having an Estate in the whole of the clear value of three hundred pounds and upwardf shall over and above the aforesaid quarterly sums of one shilling pay unto Their Majesties the sums hereafter menebed that is to say the sum of ten shillingf on the third day of May in the said yeare One thousand six

hundred ninety two the sum of ten shillingf on the third day of August in the said yeare One thousand six

hundred ninety two the sum of ten shillingf on the third day of November in the said yeare One thousand six

hundred ninety two and the sum of ten shillings on the third day of February in the said yeare One thousand six

hundred ninety two.

And be it further enacted that every person who by reason of his or her estate is charged or by any Law now in being is in any manner chargeable to find a Horse and Horseman with Arms to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom (over and above all other suihs with which he or she is chargeable by this Act) shall for each and every horse he or she is so charged or chargeable with pay the sums hereafter menebed that is to say the sum of twenty shillingf on the third day of May in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum

of twenty shillingf on the third day of August in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum

1 interlined on the Roll.

j.da69\.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.6.

303

of twenty shillingf on the third day of November in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two And the sum of twenty shillingf on the third day of February in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two and so proportionably every person contributing toward f finding a Horse or Horses and Horsemen with Arms as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted that every person not finding or contributing to the finding of a Horse and Horseman with Arms as aforesaid who does keep a Coach Chariot or Calash over and above all other sums with which he or she is chargeable by this Act shall pay the sums hereafter mencfted that is to say the sum of twenty shillingf on the third day of May in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum of

twenty shillingf on the third day of August in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum of

twenty shillingf on the third day of November in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two And the

sum of twenty shillingf on the third day of February in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two

(except such persons as keep Stage Coaches or Hackney Coaches) And alsoe that every person keeping any Hackney or Stage Coach or Coaches (over and above any other sum with which he or she is chargeable by this Act) shall for every Coach so kept pay the sums hereafter mencoed that is to say the sum of five and twenty shillingf

on the third day of May in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum of five and twenty

shillingf on the third day of August in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum of five and twenty shillings on the third day of November in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two And the suit) of five and twenty shillingf on the third day of February in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid that every Lord Spiritual or Temporal of this Realme shall over and above any sum with which he is chargeable by this Act pay to Their Majesdes the sums hereafter mencoed that is to say the sunt of ten pounds on the third day of May in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sum of ten pounds on the third day of August in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety

two the sum of ten pounds on the third day of November in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety

two And the sum of ten pounds on the third day of February in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two.

And be it further enacted that every Gentleman or person so reputed or owning or writing himselfe such or being above that quality and under the degree of a Peer of this Realme and having an Estate of the value of three hundred pounds as aforesaid and being of the age of sixteene yeares or upwardf and being within this Realme at the time of the execucbn of this Act who shall not voluntarily appear before the said Comissioners or three or more of them within the time limitted by this Act for heareing appeals and take the Oaths mentioned and required to be taken by an Act made in the first yeare of Their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths (which Oaths the Comissioners or any three or more of them are hereby impowered and required to administer and make an entry or memorandum thereof in some Book to be kept for that purpose) And every such person who shall neglect to appeare or shall not take the Oaths as aforesaid shall be charged with and shall pay to Their Majesties double the sums which by force or vertue of any clause in this Act he should or ought to pay or be charged with to be levied collected answered recovered and paid in such manner and by such ways and means as are in this Act expressed and appointed for and concerning the rates and sums hereby intended to be doubled as aforesaid.

Provided neverthelesse that whereas certain persons Dissenters from the Church of England comonly called Quakers and now knowne to be such do scruple the taking any Oath It shall be sufficient for every such person to make and subscribe the Declarations of Fidelity contained in Act made in the last Parliament entituled An Act for exempting Their Majesties Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certain Laws which Declaration any Two or more of the Comissioners appointed for the execucbn of this Act are hereby impowered and required to take And every such person so doeing shall not be liable to or chargeable with any of the double rates aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that for the better assessing ordering and levying of the several sums of money so as aforesaid limitted and appointed to be paid And for the more effectual putting of this present Act in execucbn the persons named and appointed to be Comissioners by an Act of this present Session of Parliament intituled An Act for granting an Aid to Their Majesties of the sum of sixteen hundred

fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pounds eighteen shillingf towards the carrying on a vigorous War

against France shall be Comissioners for putting in execucbn this present Act and the powers therein contained

within all and every the several and respective Counties Ridingf Cities Boroughs Townes and places for which

they are appointed Comissioners respectively by the said Act And the said Comissioners in order to a speedy execucbn of this Act shall in their respective Counties Ridingf Cities Boroughs Townes and Places meet together att the most usual [or1] coinon place of Meeting within such of the said Counties Ridingf Cities Boroughs Townes and Places respectively on the sixteenth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety one And the said Comissioners or so many of them as shall be present att the first General Meeting or the major part of them may by their consent and agreement divide as well themselves as other the Comissioners not then present for the execucbn of this Act in Hundreds Laths Wapentakes Rapes Wards Townes and other Places within their limittf priveledged or not priveledged in such manner and forme as to them shall seem expedient and shall direct

V.

Persons not chargeable as above, and keeping a Coach, &c.

Persons keeping

Stages and Hackney Coaches.

VI;

Lords Spiritual and Temporal.

VII.

Gentlemen and above, and under Peers, of 16 Years, and having <56*300, and being within the Realm, and not taking the Oaths of 1 W. & M.

Sess. 1. c. 8. which Commissioners are to administer, 6cc. charged double.

VIII.

Proviso for Quakers who may make Declaration of Fidelity of 1 W. 6c M. Sess. 1.

c. 18.

IX.

Commissioners under c. 5. ante, to be Commissioners for executing this Act.

Commissioners to meet 16th March 1691

may divide themselves

1 interlined on the Roll.

3° Gul. & Mar. c.6.

A.D. 1691.

and direct Precepts to Inhabitants, Constables, &c. to attend

and thereupon Commissioners to read, &c. the Rates openly, and instruct them how to make their Certificates; and prefix other Days for bringing in Certificates of Name3, &c. of Persons residing within certain Limits, together with Assessment.

Penalty *£5. and also return Collectors,

for whose paying to Receiver General Parish to be answerable.

Such Certificates and Assessments returned to Commissioners 6th April 1692, and thereupon Commissioners to issue Warrants for collecting Assessments, and Collectors to demand Payment accordingly ; and to levy and pay same for the said several Quarterly Payments at the times herein mentioned.

Receivers to hasten Collectors.

If not paid. Distress upon

Collector.

X.

Duplicate of Sum charged on ever)' Hundred, &c. under Hand and Seal of Commissioners returned into Exchequer. Duplicates delivered to Receiver General. The said Quarterly Sums paid into Exchequer at the Times herein mentioned.

Upon Return of Certificate, Commissioners may examine Presenters, and suspcCting Value of Estate, may warn Persons to appear to be examined.

Persons not appearing;

Penalty.

their several or joynt precept or precept? to to such Inhabitant? High Constables Petty Constables Bailiff? and other such like Officers Sc Ministers and such number of them as they in their discretions shall think most convenient to be Presenters and Assessors requireing them to appeare before the said Comissioners att such time and place as they shall appoint not exceeding eight days and att such their appearing the said Comissioners or so many of them as shall be thereunto appointed shall openly read or cause to be read unto them the rates in this Act menebed and openly declare the effect? of their charge unto them and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates according to the Rates aforesaid and shall then and there prefix another day to the said persons to appeare before the said Comissioners and bring in their Certificates of the names and simames qualities degrees titles estates professions imploymentf and trades of all and every the persons dwelling or residing within the limittf of those places with which they shall be charged and of all other thing? in respcCt whereof any person is or may be chargeable by this Act together with the assessment of the respective rates hereby imposed on each particular person according to the rules and directions hereof without concealment love favor dread or malice upon paine of forfeiture of any sum not exceeding five pound? to [be1] levied as by this Act was appointed And shall also then [returne1] the names of two or more able & sufficient persons within the [bound? and1] limits of those Parishes or places where they shall be charged respectively as aforesaid to be Collectors of the money due to Their Majesties by this Act for whose paying unto the Reciver General (to be appointed by Their Majesties) their Deputy or Deputies in manner following such moneys as they shall be charged withal the Parish or place by whom they shall be employed shall be answerable which Certificates and assessment? shall be ascertained & returned into the Comissioners att or before the sixth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred ninety two And upon the delivery or returneing in of such Certificates or Assessment? unto the said Comissioners they or any two or more of them shall forthwith issue out & deliver their Warrantf of Estreat? to such Collectors as aforesaid for the speedy [colleting *] and levying of the said Assessment? and all moneys and rates due thereupon according to the intent and directions of this Act of all which the said

Collectors are hereby required to make demand of the Parties themselves or att the places of their last Abode

within six days after the receipt of such Warrant? or estreat? and to levy and pay in att such place as the Comissioners shall appoint unto the respective Receivor General his Deputy or Deputies the sums payable for the first of the said quarterly payment? on or before the third day of May in the said yeare One thousand six hundred

ninety two And the sums payable for the second of the said quarterly payment? on or before the third day of

August in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the sums payable for the third of the said quarterly payment? on or before the third day of November in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two And the sums payable for the fourth and last of the said quarterly payment? on on before the third day of February in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety' two And the respective Receivors are hereby impowered and required to call upon and hasten the Collectors to the said payment? And in default thereof to levy by Warrant under the hand? and seales of any two or more of the Comissioners upon the respective Collector by Distresse such sum and sums of money as they have received and as ought by them to have been paid and are not paid by reason of their failure in doeing their duty respectively according to the direction of this Act.

And be it enacted that a true Duplicate of the whole Sum charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated and assessed in pursuance of this Act (without nameing the Persons) shall under the Hand? and Seales of Two or more of the Comissioners thereunto appointed be returned into their Majesties Exchequer before the Third Day of June One thousand six hundred ninety two (all Appeals being first determined) And in like manner within Thirty Days after every other Quarterly Payment And that like Duplicates be alsoe in convenient time made out and delivered unto the Receivors General so as every of them may be duely charged to answer

their respective Collections and Receipt? And that the said several Quarterly Sums be paid into their Majesties

Exchequer att the several times following that is to say the First of the said Quarterly Payment? on or before the said Third Day of June the Second of the said Quarterly Payment? on or before the Third Day of September in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two the third of the said Quarterly Payment? on or before the third day of December in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two And the fourth and last of the said Quarterly Payment? on or before the third day of March in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety two And upon returne of any such Certificate the said Comissioners or any three or more of them shall and may (if they see cause) examine the Presenters thereof And if the said Comissioners or any three or more of them within their several limit? shallatt the time of the delivery of the said Certificates or within twelve days after have knowledge or reasonable cause of suspition that any person or persons who ought to be menconed in the said Certificates is or are omitted or that any person or persons in the said Certificate mentioned is not or are not fully and duely charged according to the true intent of this Act the said Comissioners or any three or more of them shall have power to warn such person or persons to appeare [before them at a day & place prefixed1]

to be examined touching the premisses or any matter which may any ways concern the same And if the person

or persons warned to be examined shall neglect to appeare not haveing a reasonable excuse for such his default every person soe makeing default shall pay unto their Majesties double the sum or rate he should or ought to have been set att

XL

Commissioners may examine into Estates, &c. chargeable, and set a Rate.

And moreover the said Coihissioners or any three or more of them shall have power by all lawfull ways and meanes to examine and esquire into all matters and thing? for or by reason of w'hich any persons are chargeable by this AC! and to set such rate or rates upon such persons as shall be according to the true intent and

* collecting 0.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.l).\69\.

3° Gul. <S: Mar. c. 6.

305

meaning of this Act And the said Receiver Generali shall have an allowance of twopence in the pound for all moneys which shall be by him paid into the receipt of the Exchequer And every Collector shall have three pence in the pound for what money he shall pay to the Receiver Generali his deputie or deputies.

And for the careful writing and transcribing the said Warrant? Estreat? and Duplicates in due time Be it further enacted that the Comissioners Clerk? who shall respectively performe the same shall by Warrant under three or more of the Comissioners hand? have and receive from the respective Receivers General their deputie or deputies one peuy in the pound of all such moneys as they shall have received by vertue of such Warrant? and Estreat? who are hereby appointed to pay the same accordingly And if any person or persons shall refuse to pay the several sum and sums and proportions appointed by this Act for such persons to pay upon demand made by the Officer or Collector of the place according to the Precept? or Estreat? to him delivered by the said Comissioners it shall be lawfull to and for such Officer or Collector (who is hereby thereunto authorized and required) for nonpayment thereof to distrain the Good? or Chattels of such person or persons and the distresse so taken to keep by the space of foure days att the cost? and charges of the owners thereof and if the said owner doe not pay the sum of money due by this Act within the said foure days then the said distresse to be appraized by two or more of the Inhabitant? where the said distresse is taken and there to be sold by the said Officer for payment of the said money and the overplus comeing by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the charges of takeing and keeping the said distresse to be imediately restored to the owner thereof And if any person or persons assessed by this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay the sum or sums so assessed by the space of ten days after demand as aforesaid where noe such sufficient distresse can or may be found whereby the the same may be levied in every such case three of the Comissioners by this Act appointed for any such City County or Place are hereby authorized by Warrant? under their hand? and seales to comitt such person or persons to the cdmon Goal there to bee kept without bail or mainprize until payment shall be made And if any person certifyed assessed or rated find him or herselfe agrieved with such assessing or rateing and doe within five days after demand thereof made, complaine to the said Comissioners the said Comissioners or any five or more of them (whereof two of

the Comissioners who signed or allowed his or her rate to be two) shall and may within sea veil dayes next

after such complaint particularly examine the party so complaining upon his or her oath touching the same and upon due examination or knowledge thereof abate defaulk increase or enlarge the said Assessment and the same soe abated increased or enlarged shall be estreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid and to that end the said Comissioners are hereby required to meet together for the determining of such complaint? and appeals accordingly.

And bee it further enabled that every person to be rated by this Act shall be rated att such places where he

or she and with his or her family shall be resident att the time of the execucon of this Act And that every

person [not1] being a householder nor having a certain place of abode and all servant? shall be taxed att the place where they are resident att the time of the execucbn of this Act. Provided always that if any person having several Mansion-houses or places of residence shall be doubly charged by virtue of this Act that upon Certificate made by two or more of the Comissioners for the County City or Place (which Certificate the said Comissioners

are [hereby^ required to give without delay fee or reward) of his or their last personal residence under their hand?

and seals of the sum or sums there charged upon him or them or in what capacity or respect he or they were

so charged And upon oath made of such Certificate before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place

where such Certificate shall be made (which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby authorized [to*] administer) then the person or persons so doubly charged shall for soe [much1] as shall be certifyed be discharged in every other County City or Place And if any person att the time of the assessing shall be out of the Real me such person shall be rated where such person was last abiding within the Realme And if any person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act by changing his place of residence or by fraud or covin shall escape from the taxation and not be taxed and the same be proved before the Comissioners or two of them or two Justices of the Peace of the County where such person dwelleth or resideth att any time within twelve Months next ensueing after such taxation made every person that shall soe escape from the said taxation and payment shall be charged upon proof thereof att the double value of soe much as he should or ought to been taxed by this Act the said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Comissioners or Justices before whom such proof shall be made to be levied of the Good? Chattells Land? and Tenement? of such persons toward? the supply aforesaid.

Provided always and be it further enacted that the Comissioners within any County or Place within their respective limitt? or the major part of them shall tax and assesse every other Comissioner joyned with them and the Comissioners within their division shall assess every Assessor within their division and as well all sums upon every of the said Comissioners and Assessors as the Assessment? made and presented by the Presenters as aforesaid shall be written estreated levied and gathered as the same should and ought to have been as if the said Comissioners had not l>een named Comissioners.

And be it further enacted that if any Assessor Collector Receiver or any other person appointed by the Comissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his duty in the due and speedy execucftn of this present Act the said respective Comissioners or any three or more of them may and shall by virtue of this Act impose on such person or persons soe refuseing or neglecting their duties any fine not exceeding twenty pound? for any one offence the same to be levied and certifyed as aforesaid into their Majesties Court of Exchequer and charged upon the

* interlined on die Roll.

4 I

Receiver General 2d. in the Pound. Collector 3d. in the Pound.

XII.

Commissioners Clerks id. in the Pound.

Persons assessed refusing to pay on Demand, Officer may distrain.

Proceedings

thereon.

Persons assessed not paying in Ten Days, and where no sufficient Distress, Party imprisoned in Common Gaol without Bail.

Persons aggrieved by Rate, See. may complain to Commissioners.

Commissioners to hear Complaint,

and may abate or increase Assessment.

XIII. Persons rated where they reside.

Persons having several Mansions, and being doubly ciiarged.

Certificate by Commissioners without Fee

and on Oath of Certificate;

discharged in every other County, &c. Persons out of the Realm where rated. Persons unduly escaping Assessment;

charged double.

XIV.

Commissioners may assess other Commissioners, and also Assessors.

XV.

Assessor, Collettor, See. neglecting his Duty.

Commissioner may fine not exceeding <£20.

306

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 6.

Commissioners to require Accounts from Receiver General, and in ease of Failure to levy. In case of Controversy between Commissioners as to assessing. Commissioners concerned to withdraw.

Penalty.

Questions touching Rates determined by Commissioners.

Receiver General to give Acquittance gratis to Collectors. Collectors to deliver to Receiver General a Schedule of Persons making Default, and Sums charged;

to be by him returned into the Exchequer.

respective Receivers General amongst the rest of the rates aforesaid and the said Comissioners or any three or more of them may or shall from time to time call for and require an Account from the respective Receivers General of all the moneys received by them of the said Collectors and of the payment thereof into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer according to the direction of this Act And in case of any failure in the premisses the said Comissioners or any three or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And in case of any controversie ariseing between the said Comissioners concerning the said rates or assessment^ the Comissioners that shall be concerned therein shall have no voice but shall withdraw dureing the debate of such controversie until it be determined by the rest of the Comissioners And in default thereof that the Comissioners then present shall have power and are hereby required to impose such fine or fines as to them shall be thought fitt upon such Comissioners so refuseing to

withdraw not exceeding the Sum of twenty pounds and to cause the same to be levied and paid as other fines to

be imposed by virtue of this Act are to be levied and paid And all questions and differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assessmentf or Levies shall be heard and finally determined by five or more of the Comissioners upon complaint thereof to them made by any person or persons thereby grieved without further trouble or Suit in Law And the said Receiver General his deputy or deputys shall give acquitancf* gratis to the said Collectors for all moneys of them received in pursuance of this Act which Acquittance shall be a full discharge to the said Collectors respectively And the said Collectors shall make and deliver to the said Receivers General their deputy or deputies a perfect Schedule fairly written in parchment under their hands and seals signed and allowed by any three or more of the respective Comissioners containing the Names and

Sirnames and Places of abode of every person within their respective collection that shall make default of payment of

any the Sums that shall be rated or assessed on such person by virtue of this Act and the Sum and Sums charged on every such person the same to be by him returned into their Majesties Exchequer whereupon every person soe makeing default of payment may be charged by processe of the said Court according to the course thereof in that behalfe.

XVI. Letters Patent, &c. not to be an Exemption.

Non obstantes void.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Letters Patentf granted by the King and Queens Majesties or any of their Royal Progenitors or to be granted by their Majesties to any Person or Persons Cities Boroughs or Townes Corporate within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priveledges or Exemptions from Subsidies Tolls Taxes Assessment? or Aid? shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Persons Citie Borough or Towne Corporate or any the Inhabitantf of the same from the Burthen or Charge of any Sum or Sums of money granted by this Act and all Non obstante's in such Letters Patent? for any such Purpose or Intent are hereby declared to be void and of none effect.

XVII.

Constables, &c. to be aiding, and to obey Commissioners.

And be it enacted That all Constables Iieadboroughs Tythingmen and other their Majesties Officers shall and are hereby required and enjoyned to be respectively aiding and assisting in the Execution of this Act and to obey and execute such Precept? or Warrant? as shall be to them directed in that behalfe by the respective Comissioners hereby appointed or any Two or more of them.

XVIII.

In Actions for executing Act, General Issue.

Treble Costs.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suit or Information shall be comenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance or in Execution of this Act such person or persons so sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may plead the General Issue Not Guilty and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the special matter in evidence And if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit or forbeare further prosecution or suffer discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Cost? for which they shall have the like remedy as in case where Cost? by the Law are given to the Defendants.

XIX. Parents, Guardians, See. of Infants to pay.

And be it further enacted and ordained That the respective Parents Guardians and Tutors of every person under the age of one and twenty yeares shall upon default of payment by such person and upon demand pay what is due and payable by this Act for every such person residing in their family or under their tuition as before herein is menconed.

XX. Collectors to pay Monies to Receivers General, &c.

Notice thereof by Receiver General to Commissioners.

Receipt of Receiver General aDischarge.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all moneys due and payable by this Act shall be paid by the particular Collectors of the respective Counties Cities Boroughs Towns Parishes and Places who shall collect the same unto such Receiver General as shall by Their Majesties be appointed to receive the same or to the Deputy or Deputyes of such Receiver General to be appointed under his hand and seale whereof notice shall be given by the Receiver General to the Comissioners or any two of them within the respective Divisions within ten days after their General Meeting and so from time to time with in ten days after every such death or removal of any Deputy (if any such shall happen) and the Receipt of such Receiver General his deputy or deputyes or any one of them shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Collector.

XXI.

Collectors

travelling.

And be it further enacted that the particular Collectors for payment of any sums by them received unto such Receiver General or his deputy shall not be obliged to travel above ten miles from the place of their Habitation.

XXII. Receiver General to give Commissioners a Receipt acknowledging the Money charged upon Hundred, &c.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that every Receiver General from time to time within the space of one month next after hee shall have received the full sum that shall be charged upon any Hundred or Division for each particular quarterly payment that is to be made to such Receiver General by virtue of this Act shall give to the Comissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a receipt under his hand and seale

A.D. 16.91.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 6.

.'JOT

acknowledging his receipt of the full sum charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular payment Such Receipt which receipt shall be a full discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular paymentf against Their Hund^&c" Majesties Their Heires and Successors.

XXIU. Receivers General certifying Arrears due where Monies have been received.

And for the preventing such unjust vexations as might be occasioned by such persons as shall be appointed Receivers General of any the sums of money granted by this Act And to the intent the said Receivers General may returne a true Account into Their Majesties Court of Exchequer of such sums of money as shall be received by them and every of them their and every of their Deputy and Deputies Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any such Receiver General shall returne or certifie into the said Court any sum or

sums of money to be in arreare or unpaid after the same hath been received either by such Receiver General

or by his Deputy or Deputies or any of them or shall cause any person or persons to be set Insuper in the said Court for any sum or sums of money that hath been so received that then every such Receiver General Penalty to Party, shall forfeit to every person and persons that shall be molested vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust certificate returne or setting Insuper treble the damages that shall be thereby occasioned the said damages to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informac6n in which no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law [shall

be allowed1 ] nor any more then one Imparlance and shall alsoe forfeit to Their Majesties Their Heires and

Successors double the sum that shall be soe unjustly certified or returned or caused to be set Insuper.

Penalty to Their Majesties.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no Comissioner or Comissioners who shall be imployed XXIV. in the execucbn of this Act shall be liable for or by reason of such execucbn to any the penalties menebned H^c^Tpowhira1 in an Act made in the five and twentieth yeare of the reigne of King Charles the Second for the preventing of 25 Car. II. c. 2. of dangers which may happen from Popish Recusantf.

Provided always and be it enacted That all penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for any offences against XXV.

this Act for which there is no way of levying herein before prescribed or appointed shall be levied by warrant of £^t,es*'ow any two or more of the respective Comissioners of the Division or Place where any such offence was or shall be coinitted by distresse and sale of the goods of the offender rendring the overplus to the Owner thereof after a deduction of reasonable Charges for distraining the same.

And be it further enacted That the Comissioners in every County att a General Meeting to be by them appointed after all appeals shall be first determined shall cause duplicates of the whole sum charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated and assessed in such County in pursuance of this Act without nameing the persons to be fairely written in parchment and ascertained under three or more of their hands respectively to each duplicate and the same so by them subscribed and ascertained shall be joyntly and together delivered to the Sheriff of such County and be by him transmitted [into*] the Exchequer att or before the third day of April! One thousand six hundred ninety three.

Provided always And be it enacted That no person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in the execucbn of this Act before hee shall take the Oaths appointed by an Act made in the first yeare of Their Majesties reigne entituled An Act for the abrogateing the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance (J) appointing other Oaths which Oaths it shall be lawfull for any two or more of the Comissioners to administer and they are hereby authorized and required to administer the same to any other Comissioner And in case any person named a Comissioner for putting in execucon of this Act shall presume to act as a Comissioner before hee shall have taken the said Oaths he shall forfeit to Their Majesties the sum of two hundred pounds.

Provided always That all persons charged or chargeable by this Act in respect of their finding or contributing or being liable to finde or contribute to the finding any Horse [or4] Horseman with arms as aforesaid shall be assessed for the same in the Counties and Places respectively where the)' do or ought so to find or contribute as aforesaid And if the sums assessed or charged in such Counties or Places respectively shall not be paid within the respective time in this Act before limitted for payment thereof and no Goods or Chattells of the person so assessed sufficient to pay the said sums shall be found in the Place where such assessment shall be made it shall be lawfull in case the Tenant or Tenantf of the Lands in respect of wrhich such assessment shall be made shall not within ten days after demand thereof pay the said sums to levy the same by distresse and sale of the Goods of such Tenant or Tenantf in manner aforesaid And ever)' Tenant paying the sum soe assessed or upon whom the same shall be levied as aforesaid shall and may deduct so much out of the rent payable for the Premisses which said sums so deducted and retained shall be allowed on payment of the residue of the rent as fully as if the whole rent had been actually paid to such person to whom the same was due.

And whereas by an Act made in the second yeare of Theire Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for granting unto Their Majesties several additional duties upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for foure yeares from the time that an Act for doubling the duty of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors dureing the space of one yeare doth expire It was thereby amongst other things enacted that the several duties and impositions thereby granted should be raised levied collected and paid unto Their Majesties and Their Successors dureing the space and term of foure yeares to commence from the expiration of the above-menconed Act for doubling the duty of excise over and above all other duties chargf and impositions by any former Act or Aftf then unexpired sett and imposed towards the makeing good the sums of money intended to be given to Their Majesties by the said Act for the ends and purposes therein mentioned the Comons in Parliament assembled have thought it expedient to continue

XXVI.

After Appeals determined. Commissioners to cause Duplicates of Sums charged to be transmitted to Sheriff, to be by him transmitted to Exchequer.

XXVII.

Commissioners to take the Oaths of 1 W. Sc M. Sess. 1. c. 8.

which the Commissioners may administer.

Penalty 4&200.

XXVIII.

Where Persons charged to Horse or Horsemen to be

assessed. Assessment not paid, and-no Goods.

Tenant of Land may pay and deduct out of Rent.

XXIX.

2 W. Sc M. Sess 2. c. 10. recited.

2 W.& M. Sess. 2. c* 3*

1 interlined on the Roll.

a to 0.

3 and 0.

4 and O.

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. (j.

The said additional Duties continued.

XXX. Sergeants' Inns, Inns of Court, and Inns of Chancery, assessed by Benchers, &c.

XXXI.

If it appear that the Monies collected do not amount to .•£1,341,700,

Their Majesties, or the Exchequer by their Command, may make up Deficiency by a Loan.

Such Loan, charged upon the Credit of the Exchequer in general.

XXXII.

Such Loan, and Interest at per Cent, per Annum, repaid out of next Aids.

If no such Aid, then out of Treasure in the Exchequer.

XXXIII.

2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 11. continued, and Allowances to the Commissioners under that Act made to Commissioners, &c. under this Act. Exception.

the said additional duties of Excise. Be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid That the additional duties of excise granted by the said Act above mentioned shall be continued to be raised levied collected and paid unto Their Majesties and Their Successors until the seventeenth day of May One thousand six hundred ninety seaven in such manner and forme and by such rules ways and meanes and under such penalties and forfeitures and to be applied to such uses intentf and purposes as are mentioned expressed and directed in and by the said Act.

And it is hereby further enacted That the several and respective persons inhabiting or lodging in Serjeantf Inn in Fleet Street and Serjeantf Inn in Chancery Lane the foure Inns of Court and the Inns of Chancery belonging thereto shall be rated and assessed by this Act according to such pportions as are imposed by this Act And the Judges Benchers and other Governors of such respective places and societies or any three of them are hereby appointed Comissioners to put in execucbn this present Act and shall have like powers and authorities as any other Cdmissioners by this Act appointed.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if upon the returns of all the said Duplicates of the two first quarterly paymentf and computing the amount of the same for the whole Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed it shall manifestly appear that all the rates paymentf or sums of money by this present Act granted for the foure quarters aforesaid will not amount to the sum of thirteen hundred fourty one thousand seven hundred pounds that then att any time or times from thenceforth and on or before the first day of January One thousand six hundred ninety two it shall and may be lawfull to and for Their Majesties or Their Officers in the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer by their command and appointement to borrow and take into the said Receipt for Their Majesties use by way of Loan any sum or sums of money as together with the whole value or amount of the sums of money by this present Act granted to be computed from the said duplicates shall not exceed in the whole the sum of thirteen hundred forty one thousand seven hundred pounds which sum and sums of money so to be borrowed shall and may be charged upon the credit of Their Majesties Exchequer in general and talleys of Loan and Orders for repayment of the same shall be levied accordingly.

And it is hereby enacted and declared that all and every sum and sums of money so to be borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid together with the interest for the same not exceeding the rate of seaven pounds per centum per annum to be paid every three months until satisfaction of the principal shall be payable and be paid or satisfied unto the respective lender or lenders of the same his her or their executors administrators or assignes out [of any'] of the next aids or supplies to be granted to Their Majesties in Parliament and shall be transferred and transferable thereunto as soon as any such aid or supply shall be granted And in case noe such aid or supply shall be granted to Their Majesties by or before the second day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two then the said sum and sums of money to be borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid and the interest thereof shall be payable and be paid & satisfied to the said lender or lenders his her or their executors administrators or assigns respectively by and out of any of Their Majesties treasure which from thenceforth shall come into be or remaine in the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer not being already appropriated to any particular uses by any Act or Aftf of Parliament before this time made.

And to the end that an account may be taken of the several sums granted [to Their Majesties by this *] and all other Aftf of this Session of Parliament and that Their Majesties good Subjects may thereby be encouraged more chearfully to undergo the like burthens for the further prosecution of the said War and the support of Their Majesties Government Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That one Act made in the second yeare of Their Majesties reign entituled An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine take and state the publick accounts of the Kingdome Be and is hereby continued and in force unto the five and twentieth day of April in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred [and 1 ] ninety three and that the like yearely allowancf for payment of Clerkf and other charges and the like quarterly paymentf to the Comissioners as in the said Act is directed be paid to the Comissioners named in the said Act (other then such of them as are now Comissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral) and that the rest of the said Comissioners or any foure of them shall and may execute all the powers and authorities in the said Act contained and that the said Comissioners or any foure of them have thereby power to take an account of all moneys that have been or shall be given in this present Session of Parliament.

THE TITLE OF THE PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An Act for the makeing a twelve yeares Lease made by the Earle and Countesse of Ailesbury for payment of debts (which was determinable on their deaths) to have continuance absolutely for those twelve yeares.

2. An Act for the settling a fee farme rent of one hundred pounds per annii upon the Bishop of Ely and his Successors to be issueing out of Hatton Garden in the County of Middx and the Messuages thereunto erected and for the settling and assureing the same subject to the said Rent upon Christopher Lord Viscount Hatton his heires and assignes forever.

‘ interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1691.

3° Gul. & Mar.

309

3. An Act to enable the executors and trustees of Sir Thomas Putt Barr1 deceased to lease several Messuages Land? Tenement? and Hereditamentf dureing the minority of Sir Thomas Putt Barr1 son and heir of the said Sir Thomas Putt toward? the payment of five hundred pound? a peece legacies to his three sisters Margarett Ursula and Susanna Putt as alsoe the debt? of Sir Tho: Putt the father.

4. An Act for naturalizing Sir Martin Beckman and others.

5. An Act for the sale of the Mannor and Land? in Wittering in the county of Northampton and the advowson

of the Church of Wittering aforesaid and late the inheritance of William Stydolph Esq* deceased late father of Sygismond Stydolph Esq*.

6. An Act for settling a Joynture on Jane the wife of Collonell Edward Matthews daughter of Sir Thomas Armstrong deceased.

7. An Act for the vesting and settling divers Land? in Gloucestershire in trustees to be sold for the payment of the remaineing portions to the children of Geo. Mountague Esq, deceased

8. An Act to vest certain Messuages Land? and Tenement? in Thorpe Langton and elsewhere in the County

of Leicester in trustees to be sold for the payment of the debt? of Richard Robert? Esq and for raising

portions for his daughters.

9. An Act for the sale of the Mannor of Manworthy with it's appurtenances in the County of Devon being the Land? and Estate of Nicholas Martyn Esq by trustees herein after named for the payment of the debt? of the said Nicholas Martyn.

10. An Act to vest the estate late of Henry Drax Esq deceased in Thomas Shatterden Gent and to enable the said Thomas Shatterden and others on whom the said Estate is devised to make a joynture.

11. An Act for enabling Sir Dudley Cullum Barronett to raise moneys to pay his brother and sisters portions.

12. An Act to enable the sale of several Land? for the payment of the debt? and legacies of Maurice

Shelton and others and for settling other Land? instead of them,

13. An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Edward Smith Esq deceased to raise money for the

payment of his debt? and to make a provision for his children who are infant?.

14. An Act for the enableing Sir Thomas Burton Barronett to sell Land? for payment of debt?.

15. An Act to enable William Davile to sell some Land? for payment of debt?.

16. An Act for the enableing of The Right Honourable Charles Earle of Winchelsea to settle a joynture upon any wife hee shall marry dureing his minority.

17. An Act for the better enabling the Trustees and executors of Richard Campion deceased to performe his will.

18. An Act to enable trustees of the Right Honourable James Lord Waldgravc to make Leases and grant Copy-hold Estates for the payment of the arrears of annuities of Henry Lord Waldgrave his father deceased.

19. An Act for enableing Francis Moore Esq to sell the Mannor of Bayhouse and Land? in West Thorocke in the County of Essex and to purchase and settle other Land? in lieu thereof.

20. An Act for enfranchising several Copy-hold Land? and Tenement? holden of the Manors of Albury and North-Mims in the County of Hertford.

21. An Act for the better secureing the portions debt? and legacies given and oweing by James late Earle of Salisbury.

22. An Act for sale of the Estate of John Cripps Gentleman in the county of Kent and for settling another Estate of greater value in lieu thereof to the same uses.

23. An Act to vest certain Land? of William Molyneaux Gentleman in trustees for raiseing the sum of two thousand pound? for paying the portions to his younger brother and sisters pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery.

24. An Act for naturalizing Mainhardt Duke of Leinster and others.

25. An Act for the enabling Phillip Lord Stanhopp son and heir apparent of the Right Honourable Phillip Earle of Chesterfeild together with the said Earle to make a Joynture and Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Phillip Lord Stanhopp.

26. An Act to enable Henry Halsted to make a Lease for the Improvement of his Prebend of Eald-street in the Church of Saint Paul London.

27. An Act to enable the Bishop of London and Trustees to sell the Mannor of Bushley in the County of Worcester part of the Bishop rick of London and to purchase other Lands to be annexed to the said Bishoprick for the Improvement thereof.

28. An Act for the settling of certaine Messuages Mills Lands and Tenement? in the County of Merioneth upon certaine Trustees to bee sold or mortgaged toward? the payment of the debt? of William Vaughan and Jenkin Vaughan Equiers deceased

•4K

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 7.

A.D. 169 i.

29. An Act for the enableing Vincent Grantham Esq^ to lease part of his Mannor of Golthoe in Lincolnshire for the raiscing moneys to pay portions and debts charged thereupon.

30. An Act for naturalizing of Armand Nompar de Commant commonly called the Marquiss of Monpavillan and others

31. An Act to enable the trustees of James late Earle of Suffolk to sell the Mannor of Hadstock in Essex and for discharging several other Mannors and Lands of the said late Earle from five thousand pound f remainder of tenne thousand pounds by him formerly charged thereon.

32. An Act for the more speedy payment of the debts of Elizabeth Curtis Widowe late deceased and performance of an Agreement touching the same made between Charles Curtis in his life time and Edward Earle according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery.

33. An Act for the vesting several Mannors Lands and Rents in the Counties of Lincolne Berks and Devon

in trustees to be sold for the buying other Mannors and Lands to be settled for the same or the like uses as

those to be sold are now settled.

34. An Act for secureing out of some of the Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf of Charles

Pelham of Brockelsby in the County of Lincolne Esquier the sum of five thousand pounds with interest unto

Anne Pelham eldest daughter of the said Charles.

35. An Act for the better vesting and settling the Mannor of East-Horsley in Surrey in trustees to be sold for payment of the debts of Phillip Hildeyard Esqs

36. An Act for the better assureing to George Vernon and his heires and assignes foure Acres of Land in Evisham in the county of Surrey.

37. An Act for incorporating the proprietors of the Waterworkf in the parish of Saint Pauls Shadwell in the County of Middlesex and for encourageing carrying on and settling the said Waterworkf.

38. An Act to vest diverse Mannors Lands and Tenementf in the County of Leicester in trustees to be sold for the payment of the debts and legacies of Sir William Halford Knight deceased and for payment of the other debts of Sir William Halford now living prior to his marriage-settlement with the Lady Frances his now wife.

39. An Act for settling the Mannor and Lordship of Kings-Bromley and others the Messuages LandfT enementf and Hereditamentf of Barbary Newton Widow relict of Sam Newton late of the Island of Barbadoes in America Esq> deceasad and John Newton Esq> son and heire of the said Sam. by the said Barbary.

40. An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadler Barr' to sell Lands to pay his debts.

41. An Act for vesting certain pieces or pcells of ground in the parish of Saint lames and Saint Martins in the Feildf late the estate of Henry Duke of Grafton deceased in trustees to be sold.

42. An Act to enable John Keble Gent to sell certaine Lands in Stow-Markett in the County of Suffolke and to settle other Lands of greater value to the same uses.

CHAPTER VII.

Rot.Parl.pt. 1. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year One thousand six hundred ninety and two although

the Months Pay formerly advanced be not repaid

13 & 14 Car. II. c. 3. recited.

Recital that upon the Invasion it was necessary to draw out the Soldiers.

WHEREAS by an A & of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Yeares of the Reign of His late Majestie King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for ordering the Forces in the severall Counties of this Kingdom it was (amongst other things) enacted That in case of Invasions Insurrections or Rebellions whereby occasion should be to draw out the Souldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the said Act into

actual Service the psons charged by the said Act with Horses Horsemen and Arms or with Foot Soldiers and

Arms should provide each their Souldier respectively with Pay in hand not exceeding One Months Pay as should be in that behalf directed by the respective Lieutenants of the severall Counties and in their absence or otherwise by their direction by their Deputies or any two or more of them For repayment of which said Moneys and for satisfaction of the Officers for their Pay dureing such time not exceeding one Month as aforesaid as they should be with their Souldiers in such actual Service it was thereby declared That Provision should be made for the same by His said Majestie His Heires & Successors out of His or Their publick Treasury or Revenue

Neverthelesse it was thereby further provided Sc enacted That in case a Months Pay should be provided and

advanced as aforesaid That no person who should have advanced his proportion thereof should be charged with any other like Months Payment until he or they should have been reimbursed the said Months Pay and so from time to time the Months by him or them last before provided and advanced as aforesaid And whereas upon the Invasion of the Coasts of this Kingdom by the French it was found necessary for the publick Defence and Safety to draw out the said Souldiers into actual Service and to charge the said Persons to provide each their Soldiers respectively with Pay in hand although the Months Pay by several of them before that time provided & advanced

A.D.\6V\.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 7—9.

311

was not nor could be reimbursed And whereas the like occasion may possibly happen dureing the present War

Be it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by authority of the

same That if at any time before the twenty fifth day of March which shall be in the year of our Lord One if it shall be found

thousand six hundred ninety and three it shall be found by Their Majesties to be necessary for the Defence and

Safety of this Kingdom to draw out the said Souldiers into actual Service and the same shall bee declared or out

signified to the respective Lieutenants or Deputy Lieuten'1 and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports Two procce^Dg8.

Ancient Towns and their Members or in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants by Their Majesties It shall be

lawful for the said Lieutenants or their Deputies or any Two or more of them as aforesaid and the Lord Warden

of the Cinque Ports Two Ancient Towns and their Members or in his absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants in

pursuance of such Orders from Their Majesties (notwithstanding that One or more Months Pay before that time

advanced be not reimbursed) to raise and draw out the said Soldiers into actual Service and to cause the Persons

charged as aforesaid to provide each their Souldier with pay in hand not exceeding One Months Pay in such manner

as if all the Pay before that time advanced and provided had been fully reimbursed and paid

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act for the Encouragement of the breeding and feeding of Cattell

FOR the encouragement of breeding and fatting of Cattell for the comon good and welfare of this Kingdom Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and [the1] Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That from [and1 ] after the First day of March in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one and from thence forward it shall be lawfull for all and every person or persons native or foreign at any time or times to ship lade carry and transport or export from and out of any Port Harbour or Place within the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed into any part of the World in Amity with Their Majesties all sorts of Beef Pork or Hogsflesh Butter Cheese or Candles free from any Custom or Imposition whatsoever the Ad made in the Second year of their present Majesties entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported or any other Law Statute Usage or other Prohibition to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

Rot. Parl. pt. I.

nu. 6.

Beef, Pork, Butter, Cheese, &c. may be exported Custom free.

2 W. & M. c. 4.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act to take away Clergy from some Offenders and to bring other to Punishment

FORASMUCH as diverse wicked and ill disposed persons are encouraged to comitt Robberies upon mens persons and in their Houses and other Offenders by the priviledge as the Law now is of demanding the benefitt of their Clergy Be it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual [and*] Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That all and every person or persons that shall at any time from and after the First day of March in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one rob any other person or shall feloniously take away any Goods or Chattell being in any Dwelling house the Owner or any other person being therein and put in Fear or shall rob any Dwelling-house in the day time any person being therein or shall comfort aid abet assist counsel hire or comand any person or persons to edmitt any of the said Offences or to break any Dwelling house Shop or Warehouse thereunto belonging or therewith used in the day time and feloniously take away any Money Goods or Chattell of the value of Five shillings or upwards therein being although no person shall be within such Dwelling house Shop or Ware house or shall counsel hire or comand any person to comitt any Burglary being thereof convicted or attainted or being indicted thereof shall stand mute or will not directly answer to the Indictment or shall peremptorily challenge above the number of Twenty persons returned to be of the Jury shall not have the benefitt of his or their Clergy

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons whatsoever be indicted of any Offence for which by virtue of any former Statute he or they are excluded from having the benefitt of his or their Clergy if he or they had been thereof convicted by Verdict or Confession if he or they stand mute or will not answer directly to the Felony or shall challenge peremptorily above the number of Twenty persons returned to be [of the Jury1] or shall be outlawed thereupon shall not be admitted to the benefitt of his or their Clergy

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons hereafter be indicted of III.

Felony for stealing of any Goods or Chattel in any County within this Realm of England Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed and thereof be convicted or attainted or upon his or their arraignment shall &c. »n case

stand mute or will not directly answer to the Indictment or shall challenge peremptorily above the number of clergy.

Rot. Parl. pt. I. nu. 7.

Any Person convicted of robbing any other Person, or in a Dwelling-house, any other Person being therein and put in fear j or of robbing a Dwelling-house in the Daytime, any Person being therein; or aiding, See. to commit the said Offences ; or to break any Dwelling-house, &c. in the Day-time, and take to the Value of 5s. although no Person there ; or counselling, &c. any Burglary, or standing mute, &c. shall lose his Clergy.

II.

Persons excluded from Clergy standing mute,

&c. not admitted to Clergy.

‘ interlined on the Roll

3° Gul. & Mar. c.9, 10.

A.D. 1691.

IV.

Buyers of stolen Goods, reputed Accessaries after the Fad.

V.

Stealing Goods from Lodgings, Felony.

VI.

Women convicted of Crimes for which Men have their Clergy, upon Prayer punished as Men.

Punishment.

VII.

Where a Person has had his Clergy in another County, Clerk of the Crown, &c. shall certify it.

Rot. Parl. pt. 1.

nu. 8*

Recital that Persons form Confederacies to pay Penalties, &c. of Conviction.

Person convicted before a Justice of Peace of Deer-stealing.

Limitation of Prosecution.

twenty persons returned to be of the Jury he or they shall be totally excluded from having the benefit of his or their Clergy if it appear upon Evidence or Examination before the Justices that the said Goods or Chattel were taken by Robbery or Burglary or in any other manner in any other County whereof if such person or persons had been convicted by a Jury of the said other County he or they are excluded by virtue of this or any other Act from haveing the benefitt of his or their Clergy

And forasmuch as Thieves and Robbers are much encouraged to coinitt such Offences because a great number of persons make it their trade and businesse to deal in the buying of Stoln Goods Be it therefore enacted by

the authority aforesaid that if any person or persons shall buy or receive any Goods or Chattel that shall be

feloniously taken or stoln from any other person knowing the same to be stoln hee or they shall be taken and deemed an Accessary or Accessaries to such Felony after the Fad and shall incur the same Punishment as an Accessary or Accessaries to the Felony after the Felony comitted

[And whereas it is a frequent Practice for idle and disorderly persons to hire Lodgings with an intent to have an opportunity to take away imbezel or purloine the Goods and Furniture being in such Lodgings Be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall take away with an intent to steal imbezel or purloin any Chattel Beding or Furniture which by Contract or Agreement he or they are to use or shall be lett to him or them to use in or with such Lodging such takeing imbezelling or purloining shall be to all intents and purposes taken reputed adjudged to bee Larceny and Felony and the offender shall suffer as in case of Felony

And whereas by the Laws of this Realme Women convicted of Felony for stealing of Goods and Chattel of the value of Ten shillings and upwards and for other Felonies where a man is to have the benefitt of his Clergy

are to suffer Death Be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid that where a man being convicted

of any Felony for which hee may demand the benefitt of his Clergy if a Woman be convicted for the same or like offence upon her Prayer to have the benefitt of this Statute Judgment of Death shall not be given against her upon such Conviction or Execution awarded upon any outlawry for such offence but shall suffer the same Punishment as a Man should suffer that has the benefitt of his Clergy allowed him in the like case that is to say shall be burnt in the Hand by the Gaoler in open Court and further bee kept in Prison for such time as the Justices in their discretion shall think [fitt'] so as the same doe not exceed One years Imprisonment

And forasmuch as such Men who have once had their Clergy and such Women as shall once have the benefitt of this Statute may happen to be indicted for an offence comitted afterwards in some other County Be it therefore enacted that the Clerk of the Crown Clerk of the Peace Clerk of the Assizes where such [Woman or Man1] shall be convicted shall at the request of the Prosecutor or any other in their Majesties behalf certifie a Transcript briefly and in few words conteyning the effect and tenor of every Indictment and Conviction of such Man or Woman of his having the benefitt of the Clergy or her having the benefitt of this Statute and Addition of every such person or persons and the certainty of the Felony and Conviction to the Judges and Justices in such other County where such Man or Woman shall be indicted which Certificate being produced in Court shall be a sufficient proof that such Man hath before had the benefitt of his Clergy and that such Woman hath had the benefitt of this Statute3]

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer Stealers

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many good Laws before this time made and still in force which do prohibit unlawfull courseing hunting or killing of Deer yet inasmuch as the Penalties thereby provided are found by daily experience not to be sufficient to deter divers lewd sturdy and disorderly persons who confederate together in great numbers makeing amongst themselves as it were a Brotherhood and Fraternity whereby if any of them shall be discovered and convicted which seldom happens because of their great force and clandestine manner of combination they by a comon contribution and for the most part advance and pay for such persons so apprehended the pecuniary Penalties (which are but small) inflicted on such offenders by reason whereof the other confederates escape discovery and condigne punishment Therefore for the more effectuall discovery and punishment of such persons Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties and by and 'with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That if any person or persons shall from and after the Twenty fifth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety two unlawfully [hunt course4] take in toyles kill wound or take away any Red or Fallow Deer in any Forest Chase Purlieu Paddock Wood Parke or other Ground inclosed where Deer are have or shall bee usually kept within the Realm of England or Dominion of Wales without the consent of the owner or person chiefly intrusted with the custody thereof or shall be aiding or assisting therein and shall be convi<sted thereof by the confession of the Party or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnessc or Witnesses before one or more Justices of the Peace of the same County wherein the offence shall be comitted or the Party offending apprehended which Oath the said Justice or Justices hereby are impowered to administer and such persons being prosecuted for such Offence within Twelve months after such offence done That then every such person soe offending by

*' interlined on the Roll. * Man or Woman O.

* annexed to the Original A&. in separate Schedules. * course hunt O.

A.D. 1691.

313

3° Gu l. & Mar. c. 10.

unlawfull coursing or hunting only when no Deer is taken wounded or killed shall forfeit for every such offence the Sume of Twenty pounds And in case any Deer shall by such person or persons be wounded taken in toyles or killed that for each Deer so wounded killed or taken such person or persons shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sume of Thirty pounds to be levied by way of distress upon the Goods and Chattells of every such offender by Warrant under the Justice or Justices hand before whom such Conviction or Convictions shall be made the one third [parte* ] of such Forfeitures to be given to the Informer or Informers [the other part'] to the use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be coinitted and the other third part to the Owner of such Deer And

for want of sufficient Distresse that then such [persons1] shall suffer Imprisonment by the space of one whole yeare

without Bail or Mainprize and shall be sett in the Pillory by the space of one houre on some Markett day in the next adjoyning Towne to the place where such offence was coinitted by the chief Officer or Officers of such Markett-Towne or by his or their Under Officer or Officers

And be it further enacted That every Constable Headborough and Tythingman (being thereto authorized by the Warrant of one or more Justices of Peace under his or their Hands & Seales) shall and may have full Power and Authority and hereby is required to enter into and search (in such manner and with such power as in case where Goods are stolne or suspected to be stolne) the House or Houses Outhouses or other places belonging to such Houses of suspected Persons And in case any Venison or Skin of any Deer or Toyles shall there be found

such Officer shall apprehend such Offender and carry him before some Justice of the Peace of the same County

And if such person doe not give a good Account how hee came by such Venison Skins or Toyles such as shall satisfie the said Justice or else shall not in some convenient time to be set him by the said Justice produce the Party of whom hee bought such Venison Skins or Toyles or some other credible Witnesse to depose upon Oath such Sale of the said Venison or Skins That then such person not giving such good Account nor pduceing any such Witnesse as aforesaid shall be convicted by the said Justice of such Offence who on such Conviction shall be subject unto the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby inflicted for the killing of any one Deer in the same manner as if thereof convicted as aforesaid

And to the end that noe persons convicted of any of the Offences as aforesaid may escape Punishment by their flight or other removeal after such conviction Be it further enacted by and with the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for and hereby power and authority is given (after conviction as aforesaid) to the Constable or other Officer or person or persons prosecuting to detain in custody such Offender or Offenders (in case he or they shall not presently pay the moneys due by the said Conviction) dureing such reasonable time as a retume may be conveniently had and made to the Warrant for the Distresse upon such Conviction so as such Detainer do not exceed two days

And to the end all Owners of Deer in any Inclosed Ground may be indempnified in the just defence of such their right Be it enacted That any Owner of such Deer or any person or persons acting by from and under him shall and may oppose and resist such Offenders in the same manner and be equally indempnified for so doing as if such Fact had been comitted within any ancient Chase or Parke whatsoever

And whereas divers Offenders duely convicted do comonly procure Writs of Certiorari to remove such Convictions into Superiour Courts at Westminster in hopes thereby to discourage and weary out such persons injured by great delays expences and incertainties Be it therefore enacted That no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any ConviCtion made or other Proceeding of for or concerning any matter or thing in this Act unlesse the Party or Parties against whom such Conviction shall be made shall before the allowance of such Certiorari become bounden to the person or persons prosecuting in the Sum of Fifty pounds with such sufficient Sureties as the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender was convicted shall think fitt with condition to pay unto the said Prosecutors within one Month after such ConviCtion confirmed or a Procedendo granted their full Costs and Damages to be ascertained upon their Oaths and that in default thereof it shall be lawfull for the said Justice and Justices and others to proceed to the due execution of such ConviCtion in such manner as if no Certiorari had been awarded. Provided that where any Offender shall be punished by force of this Act that he shall not be

prosecuted nor incur the penalty of any other Law or Statute for the same Offence.

Puovidkd always That if any person or persons whatsoever shall be sued or prosecuted for or by reason of any matter or thing which he or they shall do in pursuance of this Act it shall and may be lawfull to and for the person or persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the General Issue and give the Special Matter in Evidence.

[Provided also and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall in the night time pull downe and destroy or cause to be pulled downe and destroyed the Pails or Walls of any Park Forest Chase, Purlieu Paddock Wood or other Ground inclosed where any Red or Fallow Deer shall be then kept That such person or persons so offending being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesse

or Witnesses before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the same County wherein the Offence shall

be comitted shall by Warrant from such Justice or Justices as aforesaid suffer Imprisonment for three Months without Bail or Mainprize.3]

Penalty,

For each Dccr wounded, ^30.

Levied by Distress.

Wart of Distress, Punishment.

II.

Constables may starch suspicious Houses by Warrant.

If Venison, kc. found, and Offender cannot give a good Account of himself, &c. a Conviction.

III.

Constable may detain Offender till Distress returned.

IV.

Persons having Deer in inclosed Ground may oppose Offenders.

V.

No Certiorari except Offender give Security .£$0. to pay Prosecutor full Costs, &c.

Double Prosecutions not allowed.

VI.

General Issue.

vn.

Persons convicted before a Justice of Peace for pulling down Pales, &c. imprisoned Three Months.

0.

1 interlined on the Roll.

1 person

3 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 11.

si.D.uan.

Rot. Parl. pt. I. nu. 9.

13 k 14 Car. II. c. 12.

1 Jac. II. c. 17. § 1. recited.

The said Actfi revived.

II.

The Note of Settlement must be read in the Church and registered in the Poors Book.

III.

No Soldier, &c. to have Settlement before Dismissiou.

IV. Churchwarden refusing to read; Penalty, 40s.

Distress.

Want of Distress;

Imprisonment.

Refusing to register;

Penalty, 40s.

Want of Distress ; Imprisonment.

V.

Serving as Officer, or paying Parish Duties, a Settlement.

VI.

Service for a Year, of unmarried Person, a Settlement.

vn.

Apprenticeship, a Settlement.

VIII. Appeal to Quarter

Sessions.

Order final.

CHAPTER XI.

An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defe&f of the former Laws for the Settlement of

the Poor

WHEREAS one Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom (except what relates to the Corporation therein mentioned and constituted thereby) was revived anil continued with some Alterations by one other AS made in the First yeare of the late King James the Second and have been found [by experience'] to bee good and wholesom Laws but may shortly expire. Be it therefore enatted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That the said Aftf as to what relates to the Settlement^ of the Poor shall be in force from the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety one.

But forasmuch as the said Actf are somewhat defective and doubtfull for supplying and explaining the same Be it further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Forty days cotinuance of such person in a Parish or Towne intended by the said ActC to make a Settlement shall be accounted from the Publication of a Notice in Writing which he or she shall deliver of the House of his or her Abode and the number of his or her Family if he or she have any to the Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor which said Notice in Writing the said Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor is or are hereby required to read or cause to be read publickely immediately after Divine Service in the Church or Chappel of the said Parish or Towne on the next LordC day when there shall be Divine Service in the same And the said Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor is or are hereby required to register or cause to be registred the said Notice in Writing in the Book kept for the Poors Accounts.

Provided always and be it enacted That no Soldier Seaman Shipwright or other Artificer or Workman imployed in Their Majesties Service shall have any Settlement in any Parish Port-towne or other Towne by Delivery and Publication of a notice in Writeing as aforesaid unlesse the same be after the Dismission of such person out of Their Majesties Service.

And be it further Enacted That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to read or cause to bee read such Notice in Writeing as aforesaid in such manner place and time as aforesaid he or they for every such Offence (upon proof thereof by two credible Witnesses upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the same County Riding or Division City or Towne Corporate where complaint thereof shall be made) shall forfeit the Sum of Forty shillingf to the use of the party grieved to be levied by Distresse and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace within the said Jurisdictions respectively to the Constable of the Parish or Towne where such Offender or Offenders dwell the Overplus if any be to be returned to the Owner or Owners and for want of such sufficient Distresse the said Justice shall committ him or them to the Common Goal of the said County City or Towne-Corporate there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the space of one Month and if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to register or cause to be registred such Notice in Writeing as aforesaid he or they so offending upon the like Conviction shall forfeit the Sum of Forty shillingf to the use of the Poor of the Parish or Towne where such Offender or Offenders dwell to be levied as aforesaid the Overplus if any be to be returned to the Owner or

Owners and for want of such sufficient Distresse then the said Justice shall committ such Offender or Offenders

as aforesaid for the time aforesaid.

Provided always and be it Enacted That if any person who shall come to inhabit in any Towne or Parish shall for himselfe and on his owne account execute any publick annual Office or charge in the said Towne or Parish dureing one whole year or shall be charged with and pay his share towards the publick 'Faxes or Levies of the said Towne or Parish then he shall be adjudged and deemed to have a legal Settlement in the same though no such

Notice in Writing be delivered and published as is hereby before required.

And it is hereby further Enacted That if any Unmarried person not having Child or Children shall be lawfully hired into any Parish or Towne for one yeare such Service shall be [adjudged & '] deemed a good Settlement therein though no such Notice in Writeing be delivered and published as is herein before required.

And it is hereby further Enatfed That if any person shall be bound an Apprentice by Indenture and inhabit in

any Towne or Parish such Binding and Inhabitation shalt be adjudged a good Settlement though no such Notice in

Writeing be delivered and published as aforesaid.

Provided always and be it hereby Enacted That if any person or persons shall find him her or themselves

agrieved by any determination which any Justice or Justices of the Peace shall make in any of the Cases abovesaid

the said person or persons shall have liberty to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County Riding or Division City or Towne Corporate who upon full hearing of the said Appeal shall have full power finally to determine the same.

1 interlined on the Roll.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 11, 12.

315

And be it further Enacted That if any person be removed by virtue of this Act from one County Riding City Towne Corporate or Liberty to another by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two Justices of the Peace the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish or Towne to which the said person shall be so removed are hereby required to receive the said person and if he or they shall refuse so to do he or they so refuseing or neglecting (upon proof thereof by Two Credible Witnesses upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace of the County Riding City or Towne Corporate to which the said person shall be [soe1] removed) shall forfeit for each Offence the sum of Five pounds to the use of the Poor of the Parish or Town from which the said person was removed to be levied by Distresse and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of any Justice of the Peace of the County Riding City or Town-Corporate to which such person was removed to the Constable of the Parish or Towne where such Offender or Offenders dwell which Warrant the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to make the Overplus if any be to be returned to the Owner or Owners and for want of such sufficient Distresse then the said Justice shall committ the said Offender or Offenders to the Common Goal of the said County Riding City or Towne Corporate or Liberty there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the space of Forty days.

Provided always and be it hereby Enacted that all such persons who think themselves agrieved with any such Judgment of the said two Justices may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County Riding City Towne-Corporate or Liberty from which the said person was so removed.

And whereas many inconveniences do daily arise in Cities Townes Corporate and Parishes where the Inhabitantf are very numerous by reason of the unlimited power of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor who do frequently upon frivolous pretences (but chiefly for their owne private ends ) give relief to what persons and number they think fitt and such persons being entred into the Collection Bill do become after that a great charge to the Parish notwithstanding the occasion or pretence of their receiving Collection oftentimes ceases by which meanes the Rates for the Poor are daily increased contrary to the true intent of a Statute made in the Forty third yeare of the Raigne of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth Entituled An Act for the Relief of the Poor. For remedying of which and preventing the like abuses for the future Be it further Enacted That from and after the (2) First day of March there shall be provided and kept in every Parish (att the charge of the same Parish) a Book or Book? wherein the Names of all such persons who do or may receive Collection shall be registred with the day and year when they were first admitted to have Relief and the occasion which [brought1] them under that necessity And that yearly in Easter Week (or as often as it shall be thought convenient) the Parishioners of every Parish shall meet in their Vestry or other usual place of meeting in the same Parish before whom the said Book shall be produced and all persons receiving Collection to be called over and the reasons of their taking relief examined and a new List made and entered of such persons as they shall think fitt and allow to receive Collection and that no other person be allowed to have or receive Collection att the Charge of the said Parish but by Authority under the Hand of one Jusuce of the Peace residing within such Parish or (if none be there dwelling) in the Parts near or next adjoyning or by Order of the Justices in their respective Quarter Sessions except in cases of Pestilential Diseases Plague or Small Pox for and in respect of such Families only as are or shall be therewith infected.

IX.

Churchwarden to receive a Person removed by Warrant of Two Justices of Peace.

Penalty

Distress.

Want of Distress; Imprisonment.

X.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

XI.

43 Eliz. c. 2.

A Register to be kept of the Admittances of the Poor.

Parishioners yearly in Easter Week, &c. to make a List of their Poor.

None but those in the List to receive Alms, except by Order of Justice, See. Exception.

[And whereas many Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor and other persons intrustred to receive Collections for the Poor and other publick moneys relateing to the churches and parishes whereunto they [do3] belong do often mispend the said moneys and take the same to their owne use to the great prejudice of such parishes and the Poor and other Inhabitant^ thereof And because that many times the Judges when ACtions are brought against such Churchwardens and Overseers to recover the moneys so mispent taken or misapplied by the persons aforesaid refuse to admit the Parishioners [to be' ] Witnesses in such cases who are the only persons that can make proof thereof. Wherefore to prevent all such evil and deceitful practices of Churchwardens and Overseers and other persons Be it enacted and declared That in all ACtions to be brought in Their Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster or at the Assizes for recovery of any Sum or Sums of money so mispent or taken by Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor the Evidence of the Parishioners or any of them other then of such as receive Alms or any Pension or Gift out of such Collections or publick moneys of such Parish or Parishes respectively whereof the Defendant or DefcndantC is or are Inhabitant or Inhabitantf shall be taken and admitted in all such cases in the Courts aforesaid Any Custome Rule Order or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.4]

XII.

Parishioners, except Almsmen, may be Evidence against Churchwardens, &c. of their mispending &c. the Poors Money.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods Rot p,i9pt

WHEREAS the free and easie intercourse and means of conveying and carrying Goods and Merchandizes ^ ° . f

from one Markett Towne to another contributes very much to the advancement of Trade increase of thbAa.^paSS'nK Wealth and raiseing the value of Lands as well as to the ease and convenience of the Subject in general For which ends therefore divers good and necessary Laws have been heretofore made for the enlargeing repairing and amending the Highways and Common Roads of this Kingdom Notwithstanding which Laws the same are not in many parts sufficiently amended and repaired but remain almost impassible All which is occasioned not only

* interlined on the Roll.

9 said O.

3 O omits.

annexed to the Original AO in a separate Schedule.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 12.

A.n.1691.

All Laws about Highways to be put in Execution,

II.

Parishioners annually to make a List of sufficient Persons upon 26th of December.

List to be returned to two or more Justices on 3d January', &c.

Justices to hold a Special Sessions, where they shall nominate one or more to be Surveyors of the Highways.

Constable to serve the Nomination.

From thenceforth such Nominees to be Surveyors.

Nominee refusing,

&c.

Penalty, &$.

Justices may appoint other Persons;

such other Persons refusing,

Penalty, Jt$, Constables &c. not returning a List; Penalty, 20s.

by reason of some Ambiguities in the said Laws but by want of a sufficient Provision to compel the execution of the same. For remedy whereof Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authority of the same That all and every Law and Statute now in force for or touching the enlargeing repaireing and amending Highways and Common Road? and every Article and thing in them contained and not herein and hereby altered or repealed shall be duely put in execution according to the Tenour of the said Laws and under the Penalties therein contained to be raised levied and disposed of as in and by the said Laws is directed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from henceforth upon the Six and twentieth day of December in every yeare unlesse that Day shall be Sonday and then on the Seven and twentieth the Constables Headboroughs Tythingmen Churchwardens Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways and Inhabitant? in every Parish shall assemble together and the major part of them as are so assembled shall make a list of the Names of a competent number of the Inhabitant? in their Parish who have an Estate in Lands Tenement? or Hereditament? in their owne right or their Wives of the value of Ten pound? by the yeare or a personal Estate of the value of One hundred pounds or are Occupiers or Tenantf of Houses Lands Tenement? or Hereditament? of the yearely value of Thirty pound? if any such there be Or if there be no such persons in the Parish then the said List to be of the most sufficient Inhabitant? of such Parish and shall returne such List unto two or more of the Justices of the Peace in or neare the Division of the Count)- in which their Parish lies att a Speciall Sessions to be held for that purpose within the said Division on the Third day of January next following unlesse it shall happen on a Sunday and then to be the Fourth of the same Month or within Fifteen days after For which purpose the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to hold a Special Sessions att some place within that Division where the Parish lies and to give notice of the time and place where they intend to hold the same to the Constables Headboroughs Tythingmen Churchwardens and Surveyors of the Highways of every Parish within the said Division att least Ten days before the holding of the said Sessions And the said Justices shall then and there out of the said List? according to their discrecion and the largenesse of the Parish by Warrant under their Hand? and Seales nominate and appoint one two or more as they shall think fitt and approve of being of like sufficiency as aforesaid to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every Parish within die Division or for any Helmet PrecinCt Liberty Tything or Town of and in the same Division for the yeare ensuing Which nomination and appointment shall by the Constables Headboroughs Tythingmen or Surveyors of the Highways for the time being or some of them be notified to the person or persons so nominated chosen and appointed by the said Justices within Six days after such nomination by serving him or them with the said Warrant or Warrant? or by leaving the same or a true copy thereof att his or their Houses or usual places of abode And from thenceforth the person or persons so nominated and appointed shall be Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Parish Towne Village Hamlet PrecinCt or Tything for which he shall have been so nominated chosen and appointed for the yeare ensueing and shall take upon him and them respectively and duely execute the said Office according to the Laws and Statutes heretofore made for the enlargeing amending or repaireing of Highways and also this present Act And if the said persons so nominated and served with the said Warrant shall refuse or

neglect so to do he or they so refuseing and neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of five pound? to be levied on his

or their Good? and Chattels by Distresse and Sale of the same by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of two or more Justices of the Peace of the same Division or in default thereof any neighbouring Justices of the Peace for the said County which Warrant the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to make upon Information of any one credible Witnesse upon Oath the one Moiety of which said Forfeiture shall go to him that shall informe and the other Moiety for and toward? the Repair of the Highways of the same Parish rendring the

Overplus if any be to the Partie or Parties whose Good? shall be distrained the Charges of the Distresse and

Sale being first deduced And in case of such neglect or refusal as aforesaid the said Justices are hereby impowered to nominate and appoint some other fit person or persons to performe the said Office who upon like notice of such nomination and appointment shall take upon him or them and duely execute the said Office and if he or they neglect or refuse so to do shall forfeit the like Sum of five pound? to be levied and disposed of as aforesaid And if the Constables Headboroughs Tythingmen Churchwardens and Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any Parish Towne Liberty or Precinct or some of them shall not returne the said List of Names in such manner as in this Act is directed every of them so neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of twenty shilling? to be levied in the manner and imployed to the Uses aforesaid.

hi.

Laying Timber &c. in the Highway ; Penalty, 5s.

IV.

Owner of Land adjoining to take away Timber, &c. lying in the Highway.

Neglecting;

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no person or persons whatsoever shall lay in any Highway not being twenty Foot broad any Stone Timber Straw Dung or other matter whereby the same shall be £ any ways *] obstructed or annoyed on pain to forfeit for every such offence the Sum of five shilling? to be levied and disposed of as is aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Timber Stone Hay Straw Stubble or other matter for the makeing of Dung or on any other pretence whatsoever shall be laid in any such Highway as aforesaid whereby the same shall be any ways obstructed or annoyed the Owners or Possessors of the Land? next adjoyning to the same shall clear the said Way by removeing the said Timber Stone Hay Straw Dung or other matter and have take and dispose of the same to his and their owne use And if any such Owner or Occupier of Land? next adjoyneing to the said Highways shall neglect to cleare the said Ways of the said Nuisances or to cleanse or scower their Ditches Gutters and Drains adjoyning to the said Highways or cause the Earth taken out

1 anywise O.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 12.

3 IT

thereof to be carried away and lay sufficient Trunks Tunnels or Bridges where any Cart-ways are into the said Grounds for the space of Ten days after notice to him her or them given by the said Surveyors or any of them he she or they so neglecting shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five shilling? to be levied and disposed of in manner aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no Tree Bush or Shrub shall be permitted to [stand or1 ] grow in any Highway not full twenty foot broad but the same shall be cut downe grubbed upp and carried away by the Owner or Owners of the Land or Soyl where the same doth or shall stand or grow within Ten days after Notice to him or them given by the said Surveyors or any of them on Pain to forfeit for every neglect the Sum of Five shilling? to be levied and disposed as is aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Possessors of the Land next adjoyning to such Highways where they are not Twenty foot broad shall from time to time and att all times keep their Hedges plasht cut or pruned so as no Tree Bush or Shrub shall stand or grow in such Highway nor any Bough or Branch be suffered to hang over the same or any part thereof but the said Hedges shall be kept cut and pared right upp from the Root? and not permitting in any sort to spread into or hang over the Highway or any part thereof to the end that there may be a free and clear passage for Travellers and all sorts of Carriages loaden without being [any ways1] prejudiced or obstructed by any Hedges Trees Boughs or Branches whatsoever and that the Sun may freely shine into the said Ways to dry and amend the same.

And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Surveyor of the Highways appointed as in and by this Att is diretted shall within fourteen days next after his first acceptance of the said Office and so from time to time every foure months dureing his being Surveyor take a view of all the Road? Common Highways Water-Courses Bridges Cawseys and Pavement? within the Parish Towne Village Hamlet Precintt or Tything for which he is appointed Surveyor that are to be repaired by the said Parish Towne Village Hamlet Precinct or Tything and shall make a Presentment upon Oath in what state and condition he find? the same respectively to some Justice of the Peace of the same Division if then resident there otherwise to some neighbouring Justice of the Peace for the said County and in default thereof shall incur the Penalty aforesaid as if he or they had refused or neglected to accept and execute the said Office unlesse he shall have some reasonable excuse for omitting the same to be allowed by two Justices of the Peace of the same Division of the County or in default thereof by the Two neighbouring Justices And what default? or annoyances they shall find in any of the said Highways Cawseys Bridges Ditches Hedges Trees Watercourses Dreyns or Gutters next adjoyning to the same they shall from time to time the next Sunday immediately after Sermon ended give publick Notice of the same in the Parish Church and if the same shall not be removed repaired and amended within thirty days after such Notice given that then the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Highways shall within thirty days remove repaire and amend the same and dispose of the same annoyances to and for the repair of the said Highways and the said Surveyor and Surveyors shall be reimbursed what Charges and Expences they shall be att in so doing by the parties who should have done the same And in case the said parties shall upon demand refuse or neglect to pay the said Surveyors their said charges then the said Surveyors shall apply him or themselves to any Justice of the Peace within the Division of the County wherein such Highway is and in default thereof to any [neighbouring1] Justice for the said County and upon his or there making Oath before such Justice of the Notice to the Defaulter in manner aforesaid which Oath the said Justice is impowrered and required to administer that then the said Surveyors shall be repaid all such their charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the said Justice to be levied in manner aforesaid.

And be it further Enabled by the authority aforesaid That the Justices of the [Peace1] of every County shall in their respective Divisions once in foure months hold a special Sessions and shall thereunto summon all the Surveyors of the Highways within that Division to come before them and shall give them a charge to do their duty and declare to them what they are obliged to do by virtue of this or any former Att after which the said Surveyors of the Highways shall make a Presentment to them upon Oath which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered to give of the state and condition of the Highways within their respective Parishes Townes Villages Hamletf Precintt? or Tythingf for which they are appointed Surveyors and what offences and neglect? any are guilty of contrary to the meaning of this or any other Statute made concerning the Highways or any thing relateing thereunto And before any Surveyor of the Highways shall go out of or be discharged from his Office he shall att some such special Sessions of the said Justices to be held as aforesaid give an account upon Oath of all money that has come to his hands which [ought'] to be employed in amending of the Highways and how he hath disposed of the same And in case any moneys shall remaine in his hands he shall deliver the same to the Surveyors of the Highways that shall serve for the same Parish Town Village Hamlett Precintt or Tything for the yeare ensueing and in case of failure to forfeit the double value of what shall be judged to be in his hands by the said Justices to be levied and disposed of as is aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Surveyor of the Highways after his acceptance of his said Office shall neglect his Duty in any thing required of him by this Att he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Forty shillingf to be levied and disposed of as is aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Justice of the Peace shall neglect or refuse to do what is required of him by this Att such Justice so neglecting or refuseing shall forfeit the Sum of Five pounds one moiety whereof shall go to the person that shall sue for the same the other moiety to be employed to and

1 interlined on the Roll.

2 anywiic O.

4 M

Penalty 59.

V.

O wner not grubbing

up Trees, &c.

Penalty 56.

VI.

Possessors of Land adjoining Highways to prune the Hedges.

VII.

Surveyor to present the State of the Highways to a Justice every Four Months.

Penalty.

Defaults published in the Church, and if not amended within 30 Days, Surveyor shall repair them, and be repaid by the Person who ought to repair.

How Surveyor to recover his Disbursements.

vm.

Petty Sessions held every Four Months to receive Presentments, and take Accounts of Surveyors.

Surveyor to pay Surplus Money to Successor.

Penalty.

IX.

Surveyors neglecting Duty ; Penalty 40s.

X.

Justices of Peace negle£ting Duty ; Penalty

A.D. 16 91.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 12.

XI.

Surveyors may make new Ditches, &c. in Land adjoining.

XII.

Surveyors laying out Money for Gravel, Stones, See to be repaid by an equal Rate to be levied by Distress.

43 Eli*, c. 2.

XIII.

Fines of Eliz. c.13, to be paid to the Surveyor and not returned into the Exchequer.

If Fine unduly laid Complaint to Special Sessions, and Proceedings thereon.

XIV.

All Cartways to be Eight Feet wide.

XV.

Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills, what Carts they may use.

XVI. Justices may in Sessions order an Assessment to be made to repair the Ways.

for the repaire and [amendent1] of the Highways of the Parish where the person who shall sue for the same inhabit? to be recovered in any of Their Majesties Court? of Record by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacbn in which no Privelcdge Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed or more then one Imparlance.

And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Surveyors of the Highways aforesaid where the Ditches and Drains already made are not sufficient to carry off the Waters that lies upon the Highways to make new Ditches and Drains in and through the Land? next adjoyning to the said Highways and keep them scoured cleansed and open and come upon any of the said Land? with their Workmen for so doeing.

And whereas divers Parishes and Towneships have not any Gravel Stones Quarries nor any other Materials fitting or convenient for the amending or repaireing of the Highways within the said Parishes and Towneships by reason whereof the Surveyors of the Highways of such Parishes and Towneships are forced to lay out their [owne money for the buying of such Materials as are necessary for that purpose and there being no ^vision made in or by any Law now in force for the reimbursing the said Surveyors the moneys they have so laid out For remedy whereof Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That upon notice given by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways to the Justices of the Peace att their Special Sessions & Oath made of what Sum or Sums of money he or they have or hath so laid [[out1] & expended upon amending and repairing of the said Highways the Justices of the Peace or any two of them att their Special Sessions are hereby impowered by Warrant under their Hand? and Seals to cause an equal rate to be made for the reimbursing the said Surveyor or Surveyors the moneys by him or them laid out as aforesaid upon all the Inhabitant? of such Parish or Towneships where such moneys are so expended according to the rules & method? prescribed in an Act of Parliament made in the Three and fourtieth yeare of the Reigne of the late Queen Elizabeth intituled An Act for the better relief of the Poor of this Kingdom which Rate being confirmed and allowed by the said Justices in their Special Sessions shall be collected and gathered by the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways And if any person or persons refuse to pay the moneys so assessed on him or them that then the same shall be levied by the said Surveyors by Distresse and Sale of the Good? and Chattells of the persons so refuseing, rendring to the party the Overplus reasonable Charges for makeing the said Distresse first to be dedu&ed.

And whereas in pursuance of the Statute made in the Fifth yeare of the Reigne of the late Queen Elizabeth many Parishes and Places are oftentimes presented upon the knowledge and view of a Justice of Peace or otherwise for not repairing and amending their Highways and the Fines imposed and sett on such psentments and other Fines and Issues for not repaireing and amending the Highways are returned into the Court of Exchequer or other Court? and such Fines and Issues against such Parishes for not amending their Highways are levied on some particular Inhabitant? of such Parishes or Places and there being no provision made for the makeing of a Rate to reimburse such particular Inhabitant? Be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no Fine Issue Penalty or Forfeiture shall hereafter be returned into the Court of Exchequer or other Court but shall be levied and paid into the Hand? of the Surveyors of such Parish or Place to be applyed toward? the repaire and amendment of such Highway And that if any Fine Penalty or Forfeiture imposed on any Parish or Place for not repaireing the Highways shall hereafter be levied on any one or more of the Inhabitant? of such Parish or Place that then such Inhabitant or Inhabitant? shall make his or their Complaint to the Justic? of the Peace at their Special Sessions and the said Justic? or any Two of them are hereby impowered and authorized by Warrant under their Hand? and Seales to cause a Rate to be made according to the forme and manner aforesaid for the reimbursing such Inhabitant or Inhabitant? the moneys so levied on him or them as aforesaid which Rate so made and confirmed by two Justic? as aforesaid shall be collected & levied by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of such Parish or Place so presented [or1] indicted as aforesaid and the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall within one month next after the makeing and confirmeing the Rate aforesaid pay unto the Inhabitant or Inhabitant? such money so levied on him or them as aforesaid.

And be it Enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Surveyors of the Highways shall and are hereby required to make every Cart-way leading to any Markett-Towne eight foot wide att the least and as neare as may be even and level.

Provided always and be it Enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any

Inhabitant of any of the Parishes within the Weekely Bills of Mortality who dwell? of from the pavement or uses

his Cart? as well off as upon the pavement And to and for any Brewer and to and for any Scavenger or other person imployed in carrying away the dirt and soyle of the Street? Lanes and Allies to make use of any Cart

Carr or Dray with Wheels shod with Iron and narrower then six inches in the Felleys and drawne with more

then two Horses Any Act of Parliament Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid That where the Justic? of the Peace of any County City Borough or other place or the major part of them att their General [or3] Quarter Sessions shall be fully satisfied that the Comon Highways Causeys Bridg? Street? or Pavement? within any Parish Towneshipp Hamlett or other place within their respective Jurisdiction cannot otherwise be sufficiently amended repaired paved cleansed and supported by means of the Laws now in force without the help of this present Act in all such cases one or more Assessement or Assessement? upon all and every the Inhabitant? Owners and Occupiers of Land? Houses Tenement?

interlined on the Roll.

3 O. omits

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 12.

319

and Hereditamentf or any Personal Estate usually rateable to the Poor within any such Parish Towneship Hamlett or other place shall be made levied colleited and allowed by such person and persons and in such manner as the said Justice by their Order att such Sessions shall direct and appoint in that behalf And the money thereby raised shall be employed and accompted for according to the Orders and Directions of the said Justicf for and towards the amending repairing paving cleansing and supporting such Highways Causeys Streets Pavementf and Bridgf from time to time as need shall require And the said Assessmente shall be levied by distresse and sale of the Goode of every person so assessed (not paying the same within ten days after demand) rendring the overplus of the value of the Goode so distrained to the Owner and Owners thereof (the necessary charges of making and selling such distresse being first deduced).

Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted That no such Assessment or Assessemente to be made in any one yeare shall exceed the rate of Six pence in the pound of the yearely value of any Lands Houses Tenementf and Hereditamentf so assessed nor the rate of Six pence for Twenty pounds in Personal Estate.

Provided always That if any person or persons shall find him or themselves agrieved with any Assessement or Rate or other Act by the said Justicf of Peace That then it shall be lawfull for the Justicf of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions or the greater number of them to take such Order therein as to them shall be thought convenient and the same to conclude and bind all the said Parties.

Provided also That no person shall be punished for any Offence against this Act unlesse such Offender be psecuted for the same within Six Months after the Offence comitted and that no person who shall be punished for any Offence by virtue of this Act shall be punished for the same Offence by virtue of any other Act or Law whatsoever.

And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That no Horse Causey or Causey for Horses travelling upon or in any publick Highway be lesse or under Three foot in breadth.

And be it Enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Justicf of the Peace of the County of Middlesex att their General Quarter Sessions to make rates for the paving the Towne of Kensington within the said County (in all such places thereof as they shall think convenient and to amend repair and cleanse the same) upon old Streets and Houses as well as new in such manner as is directed by one Act made in the Second yeare of Their Majesties Reigne for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster.

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid That all matters concerning Highways Causeys Pavementf and Bridgf men coed in this Act shall be determined in the County where the same do lie and not elsewhere And that no Presentment Indictment or Order made by virtue of this Act shall be removed by Certiorari out of the said County into any other Court.

And whereas diverse Waggoners and other Carriers by combination amongst themselves have raised the prices of carriage of Goods in many places to excessive rates to the great injury of Trade Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Justicf of the Peace of every County and other place within the Realme of England or Dominion of Wales shall have power and authority and are hereby injoyned and required att their next respective Quarter or General Sessions after Easter-day yearely to assesse and rate the prices of all Land Carriage of Goods whatsoever to be brought into any place or places within their respective Limittf and Jurisdictions by any coinon Waggoner or Carrier and the Rates and Assessements so made to certifie to the several Mayors and other Chief Officers of each respective Markett Towne within the Limittf and Jurisdictions of such Justicf of the Peace to be hung upp in some publick place in every such Markett Towne to which all persons may resort for their informacbn And that no such comon Wagoner or Carrier shall take for carriage of such Goods and Merchandizes above the Rates and Prices so sett upon pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five pounds to be levied by distresse and sale of his and their Goods by Warrant of any Two Justices of the Peace where such Waggoner or Carrier shall reside in manner aforesaid to the use of the party grieved.

And be it further Enaited by the authority aforesaid That if any Action or Suit shall be hereafter comenced or psecuted against any person or persons by this Act authorized to put the same in execucon every person or persons 60 sued may plead the General Issue and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or forbear further Prosecution or suffer discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him or her the said Deft and Deftf shall recover his and their double Costs for which he and they shall have the like Remedy as in cases where Costs by Law are given to Deftf

Monies raised how employed and accounted for.

XVII.

Assessment not to exceed 6d. in the Pound.

XVIII.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to Quarter Sessions.

XIX.

Limitation of Prosecution. No double Punishment.

XX.

Breadth of Horse

Cawseys.

XXI. Middlesex Justices may make Rates to pave Kensington.

2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 8.

XXII.

No Certiorari on any Order, &c. upon this Act.

XXIII.

Justices once a Year to settle the Rates of Carriages, and to certify the same.

Carrier taking above the Rate;

Penalty £$.

XXIV. Persons prosecuted for executing this Act may plead the General Issue, and have double Costs.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 13, 14.

A.D. 1691.

Rot. Pari pt. 2. nu. i.

Exporting of any Arms, 3cc. into France, High Treason.

II.

Exporting any other Commodities into France, Premunire.

16 R. II. c. 5.

III.

Going into France without Licence, High Treason.

IV.

Persons returning out of France without Leave, Imprisonment.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Act against corresponding with Their Majesties Enemies

rlOR preventing of Traiterous Correspondence and Comerce with the French King or his Subjects and supplying * them with Warlike or other Stores or Comodities by means of which they may be any way aided or comforted in carrying on their War against Their Majesties Be it declared and enabled by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and [by'] the authority of the same That if dureing the present War between Their Majesties and the French King any person or persons shall send or load or transport or deliver or cause to be sent or loaden or transported or delivered unto or for the Use of the said French King or any of his Subjects residing within his Dominions or any Towne or Territory in his possession or into or for any Port or Place within his said Dominions any Arms Ordnance Powder Bulletf Pitch Tarr Hemp Masts Cordage Iron Coales Lead or Salt-Peter that every person or persons so as aforesaid offending being legally thereof convicted or attainted by due course of Law shall be deemed declared and adjudged to be a Tray for or Tray tors and shall suffer Pains of Death and alsoe lose and forfeit as in cases of High Treason.

And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons dureing the War aforesaid shall send or load or transport or deliver or cause to be sent or laden or transported or delivered unto or for the Use of the said French King or any of his Subjects residing within his Dominions or into or for any Port or Place within his said Dominions any Goods Wares Merchandizes or Comodities whatsoever other then the Goods and Comodities herein before particularly menconed That every pson or psons so as aforesaid offending being thereof convicted or attainted by due Course of Law shall incur the Danger Pain and Forfeiture ordained and provided by the Statute of Premunire made in the Sixteenth yeare of the R eigne of King Richard the Second.

And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any of Their Majesties Subjects shall from and after the Tenth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one without license from Their Majesties voluntarily goe or repaire or imbarque in any Vessell with an intent to go into France or any Dominions of the French [King '] and be upon full proof convicted thereof he shall be taken deemed and adjudged to be guilty of High Treason and shall suffer such Penalties as in case of High Treason.

And be it further Enacted by the authority' aforesaid That if any person or persons being Their Majesties Subjects shall after the Five and twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety two voluntarily come or retume from France or any of the French Kings Dominions in Europe into England or any of Their Majesties Dominions in Europe dureing the said War without Their Majesties leave for that purpose first had and obtained and be thereof convicted by due course of Law shall be comitted to Prison and there closely kept without Bail or Mainprize dureing Their Majesties pleasure for any time not exceeding Twelve Months.

CHAPTER XIV.

Rot. Par/, pi. 2. An Act for Relief of Creditors against Fraudulent Devises

nu. 2.

Reasons for passing this A A.

Wills fraudulent against Creditors.

II.

Debt upon a Bond jointly suable against the Heir and Devisee of an Obligor.

WHEREAS it is not reasonable or just that by the practice or contrivance of any Debtors their Creditors should be defrauded of their just Debts And neverthelesse it hath often so happened that where several persons having by Bonds or other Specialties bound themselves and their Heires and have afterwards died seized in Fee-simple of and in Manours Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf or had Power or Authority to dispose of or charge the same by their Wills or Testamentf have (to the defrauding of such their Creditors by their last Will or Testamentf) devised the same or disposed thereof in such manner as such Creditors have lost their said Debts. For remedying of which and for the maintenance of just and upright Dealing Be it Enabled and declared by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That all Wills and Testament Limitations Dispositions or Appointmentf of or concerning any Manours Messuages Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf or of any Rent Profit Terme or Charge out of the same whereof any person or persons at the time of his her or their decease shall be seized in Fee-simple in Possession Reversion or Remainder or have power to dispose of the same by his her or their last Wills or Testamentf to be made after the Five and twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred ninety and two shall be deemed and taken (onely as against such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid his her and their Heires Successors Executors Administrators and Assigns and every of them) to be fraudulent & clerely absolutely and utterly void frustate and of none effect (any pretence colour feigned or presumed Consideration or any other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the means that such Creditors may be enabled to recover their said Debts Be it further Enabled by the authority aforesaid That in the Cases before mentioned every such Creditor shall and may have and maintaine his her and their Action and Actions of Debt upon his her and their said Bonds and Specialties against the Heire

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D.ietn.

3° Gul & Mar. c. 14, 15.

321

and Heires att Law of such Obligor or Obligors and such Devisee and Devisees joyntly by virtue of this Act; [And such Devisee or Devisees shall be liable and chargeable for a false Plea by him or them pleaded in the same manner as any Heire should have been for any false Plea by him pleaded or for not confessing the Lands or Tenementf to him descended.']

Devisee chargeable for a false Plea as an Heir.

Provided always and be it Enacted by the authority aforesaid That where there hath been or shall be any Limitacbn or Appointment Devise or Disposition of or concerning any Mannours Messuages Lands Temementf or Hereditament^ for the raiseing or payment of any real and just Debt or Debts or any Portion or Portions Sum or Sums of Money for any Child or Children of any person other than the Heir att Law according to or in pursuance of any Marriage Contract or Agreement in Writeing bona fide made before such Marriage the same and every of them shall be in full force And the same Manours Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf shall and may be holden and enjoyed by every such person or persons his her and their Heirs Executors Administrators and Assignes for whom the said Limitation Appointment Devise or Disposition was made and by his her and their Trustee or Trustees his her and their Heirs Executors Administrators and Assignes for such Estate or Interest as shall be so limitted or appointed devised or [deposed1] until such Debt or Debts Portion or Portions shall be raised paid and satisfied Any thing in this AS contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[And whereas several Persons being Heirs att Law to avoid the Payment of such just Debts as in regard of the Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf descending to them they have by law been liable to pay have sold aliened or made over such Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf before any Processc was or could be issued out against them Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That in all cases where any Heire att Law shall be liable to pay the Debt of his Ancestor in regard of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf descending to him and shall sell alien or make over the same before any Action brought or Processe sued out against him that such Heir att Law shall be answerable for such Debt or Debts in an Action or Actions of Debt to the value of the said Land so by him sold aliened or made over in which cases all Creditors shall be preferred as in Actions against Executors and Administrators and such [Executions3] shall be taken out upon any Judgment or Judgmentf so obtained against such Heire to the value of the said Land as if the same were his owne proper Debt or Debts saving that the

Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf (bona fide) aliened before the Action brought shall not be liable to such

Execution.

Provided always and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That where any Action of Debt upon any specialtie is brought against any Heir he may plead Riens per Discent att the time of the Original Writ brought or the Bill filed against him any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding and the Plaintiffe in such Action may reply that he had Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf from his Ancestor before the Original Writ brought or Bill filed and if upon Issue joyned thereupon it be found for the Plaintiffe the Jury shall esquire of the value of the Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf so descended and thereupon Judgment shall be given and Execution shall be awarded as aforesaid but if Judgment be given against such Heir by Confession of the Action without confessing the Assetf descended or upon Demurrer or Nihil dicit it shall be for the Debt and Damages without any Writ to enquire of the Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf so descended.

Provided also and be it further enacted That all and every Devisee and Devisees made liable by this Act shall

be liable and chargeable in the same manner as the Heir att Law by force of this Act notwithstanding the Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf to him or them devised shall be aliened before the Action brought.

Provided always That this Act shall be in force for Three yeares and to the end of the next Session of Parliament after the Expiration of the said Three yeares and no longer.4]

m.

Proviso for Devise for raising Portions pursuant to a Marriage Contract.

IV.

Heir aliening before A£tion brought, liable to the Value of the Land.

Creditors preferred as in Actions against Executors.

V.

Upon Riens per Descent pleaded. Jury to inquire of the Value of the Lands ; otherwise, if Judgment by Confession, for Debt and Damages.

VI.

Devisee chargeable as Heir.

vn.

Continuance of Ad.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low Wines and Strong [Wates*] and preventing

the Abuses therein

Rot. Parl. pt. 2.

nu. 3.

FOR the preventing of the Fraudf of Distillers Makers and other Retailers of Low Wines Spirits and Strong Waters Be it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons now' in Parliament assembled and by Authority' of the same That no comon Distiller or Maker of Low Wines Spirits or Strong W aters for sale shall att any time from and after the First day oi March One thousand six hundred ninety and one set up make use of or alter any Tun Cask Washbatch Copper Still or other Vessell for the brewing or makerng of any Wortf Wash la>w Wines Spirits or Strong Waters for sale or shall keep or make use of any private or concealed Warehouse Celler or other Place for the laying of any Wash Low Wines Spirits or Strong Waters for sale without first giving Notice thereof att the next Office of Excise within the Limittf or Jurisdiction whereof he or they do or shall inhabit upon pain to forfeit the Sum of Twenty' pound? for every Tun Cask Washbatch Copper Still or other Vessell so set up used or altered and for every private or concealed Warehouse Celler or other Place so used as aforesaid and that all and every other Person or Persons in whose occupation any House Outhouse

Distiller setting up, &c. brewing Vessel, &c. without Notice to Officer

Penalty.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 3 disposed 0. 3 Execution O.

* annexed to the Original Act in separate Schedules. 3 Waters 0.

A.D. 1691.

n.

Distillers concealing Spirits, Scc.

Penalty.

12 Car. II. c. 34.

15 Car. II. c. 11.

III.

Proviso for Distiller giving Notice wncrc he lives.

3° Gul. & Mar. c. 15.

or other place whatsoever is or shall be where any such private or concealed Tun, Cask Washbatch Copper Still or other Vessell shall be found or discovered shall alsoe forfeit and lose the sum of Twenty pounds one moiety thereof to Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors and the other moiety to him or them that shall informe or sue for the same.

And be it further Enabled by the authority aforesaid That if any comon Distiller or Maker of Low Wines

Spirits or Strong Waters shall att any time hereafter hide conceal or convey any Low Wines Spirits or Strong Waters

for sale from the sight or view of the Gauger or Gaugers appointed [so1] to take account of the same whereby Then Majesties shall or may be defrauded of any the duties due for the same that every such comon Distiller or Maker of such Low Wines Spirits or Strong Waters for every Gallon of Low Wines Spirits or Strong Waters for sale so hid concealed or conveyed as aforesaid shall forfeit the sum of five shillingf each Gallon all which Penalties to be sued for recovered [and1] levied in such manner as by one Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knightf Service and Purveyance and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof and alsoe as by one other Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth yeare of His said Majesties Reigne entituled An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the duties of Excise and preventing the abuses therein or in either of them or by any other Law now in force relateing to the Revenue of Excise on Beer and Ale is directed.

Provided always That this Act nor any the Forfeitures or Penalties therein contained shall be construed to extend to any comon Distiller or other person or persons who shall from and after the said First day of March

One thousand six hundred ninety and one give notice to the Officer of Excise for the Place or Division where

such Distiller or other Person shall live as by this Act is appointed.

1 0. omits.

8 interlined on the Roll.

( 323 )

Anno Regni 4° GULIELMI & MARINE, A.D. 1692.

STATUTES MADE IN THE FOURTH SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Twentieth Day of March, In the FOURTH Year of the Reign of K. WILLIAM and Q. MARY.

€x i&otulo |3arltamentt De anno regnt <E?ultelnu et £19artac, Quarto.

IN Parliamento inchoat* & tent* apud Westm* vicesimo die Martii Anno Regni Serenissim' Dili & Dne Gulielmi & Marie Dei Gra Angt Scoc* Franc* & Hibnie Regis & Regine Fidei Defensor* &c Scdo Annoqs Dni Millessimo sexcentessimo oftagessimo nono & per seperales prorogacoes continuat* usq, ad quartum diem Novembris Anno dci Dni & Dne Regis & Regine quarto (viz*, in quarto ejusdem Parliamen* Sessione) coi omniu Dno£ tam spuat quam temporal & Coitatis consensu Regie Majestatis assensu sancita inacdtata ordinata & stabila fiiit sequens hoc Statutum ut sequitur. Viz'.

CHAPTER L

An Act for granting to Their Majesdes an Aid of Foure Shillingf in the Pound for One yeare for carrying on a

vigorous War against France

WEE your Majesdes most dutifull and loyall Subjects the Comoiis assembled in Parliament haveing seriously considered of the greate Occasions which engage your Majesties to many extrordinary Expences for the necessary Defence of your Realmes and the prosecucon of a vigorous War against France have cheerfully and

unanimously given and granted unto your Majesdes the Rates and Asse[s‘]mentf hereafter menconed And wee most

humbly beseeche your Majesties that it may be enacted. And be it enacted by the King and Queenes most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall & Temporal 1 and Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by the authoritye of the same That Theire Majesties shall have and receive the Rates and Assessmentf hereafter menc&ned of and from every Person Spirituall and Temporal 1 of what Estate or Degree soever hee or they be which said Rates or Assessmentf shall be taxed assessed levied and paid into Theire Majesties Receipt of Exchequer according to the tenor of this Act and in maner and forme following (that is to say) That all and every Person and Persons Bodies Politick and Corporate Guilds and Fraternities within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweede haveing any Estate in ready Moneys or in any Debts whatsoever oweing to them within this Realme or without or haveing any Estate in Goods Wares Merchandizes or other Chatties or Personall Estate whatsoever within this Realme or without belonging to or in trust for them (except and out of the Premisses deducted such Sfimes of money as hee or they doe bona fide owe and such Debts oweing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the Comissioners appointed by this Act And alsoe the Stock upon Land and such Goods as are used for Householdstuffe And alsoe other then and except the joynt Stocks or Shares of such Bodies Corporate Companies or Fraternities as shall be otherwise charged by Name [by x] any other Act to be made dureing this present Session of Parliament shall

yield and pay unto Theire Majesdes Four shillingf in the pounde according to the true yearely Value thereof for

One yeare (that is to say) For every Hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts and for every Hundred Pounds worth of such Goods Wares Merchandises or other Chattelf or other Personall Estate the Sume of Four and Twenty shillingf And soe after that rate for every greater or lesser Sume or Quantitye to be assessed levyed and collected in maner hereafter menconed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons Comissioner or Comissioners haveing useing or exerciseing any Publick Office or Imployment of Profitt (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muster by the Muster Master Generali of the Army or in pay in Theire Majesties Army or

1 interlined on the Roll.

Rot. Parl. pt. i.

Reasons for the present Grant.

All Persons, Bodies Politic, &c. having any Estate in ready Monies or Debts,or having any Estate in (foods, Wares, or other Personal Estate whatsoever, deducting Monies bona fide owing, and desperate Debts

and except Stock upon Land and Household-stuff, and the Joint Stocks of Companies, to pay 4s. in the Pound; and 24s. for every j£ioo of Goods.

n.

Persons having any Office or Employment of Profit (except

1 in O.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. is. Mar. c. 1.

Military Officers in Muster and Pay in the Army or Navy) to pay 4?. in the Pound for Salaries or Profits

III.

All Manors, Lands, Tenements, yearly Profits, and Hereditaments, to pay 4s. in the Pound of the true yearly Value.

All Persons, Bodies Politic, &c. to pay 4s. in the Pound on Manors, &c. of what now worth to be leased bona fide at a Rack Rent, &c. without respe&to Repairs, Taxes, Parish Duties, or other Charges

to be paid at Four Quarterly Payments ; the First Payment 25th March 1693

Navy in respect of such Offices only excepted And all and every theire Agents Clerkf Secondaries Substitutes and other inferior Ministers whatsoever shall yield and pay unto Theire Majesties the Sume of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf which he or they doe receive in One yeare by vertue of any Sallaries Gratuities Bounty-money Reward Fees or Profittf to him or them accruing for or by reason or occasion of theire severall Offices or Employmentf to be assessed imposed levied and collected in such manner as hereafter is mencuned.

And to the end a further Aide and Supply for Theire Majesties Occasions may be raised by a Charge upon all Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf with as much equality and indifferency as is possible by a Pound Rate of Four Shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the true yearely value for One yeare only and noe longer Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Mannors Messuages Lands and Tenementf as alsoe all Quarries Mynes of Coalc Tin or Lead Copper Mundick Iron or other Mines Iron Works Salt Springs and Salt Works All Allom Mines or Works All Parks Chaces Warrens Woods Underwoodf Copices and all Fishingf Tythes Tolls Annuityes and all other yearely Profittf And all Hereditamentf of what nature or kinde soever they be scituate lying and being happening or ariseing within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed or within any the Countyes Cittyes Burroughs Townes Divisions Rideings Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and Places thereof aswell within Antient Demesne and other Liberties and priviledged Places as without shall be and are hereby charged for One yeare only and noe longer with the Sum of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the full yearely Value and soe in proporcon for any greater or lesser Value And all and every Person and Persons Bodies Politick and Corporate Guilds Misteries Fraternities and Brotherhoodf whether Corporate or not Corporate haveing or holding any Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf or other the pmisses shall yeild and pay unto Theire Majesties the Sum of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf by the yeare which the said Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and other the pmisses are now worth to be leased if the same were truly and bona fide leased or demised att a Rack Rent and according to the full true yearely Value thereof without any respect had to the psent Rents reserved for the same if such Rents have beene reserved upon such Leases or Estates made for which any Fine or Income hath beene paid or secured or have beene lessened or abated upon consideraeon of money laid out or to be laid out in Improvementf and without any respect had to any former Rates or Taxes thereupon imposed or makeing any abatement in respect of Reparacbns Taxes Parish Duties or any other Charges whatsoever which said Sume of Four and Twenty shillingf for the yearely Profitt of every Hundred

Pounds value of all Personall Estates as aforesaid and Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf by the yeare of

the said true yearely value of all other the fPmisses shall be assessed levied and collected in manner hereafter

menebned and shall be paide into the Receipt of Theire Majesties Exchequer by Four Quarterly Paymentf The

First Payment thereof to be made upon the Five and twentieth Day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three.

IV.

Where Lands, &c. are subject to Rents, Charges, Annuities, or other Rents;

the Landlords and Owners to deduct 4s. in the Pound for such Rents;

to be allowed by the Persons entitled to such Rents upon Payment of the Residue.

And whereas many of the Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Tythes Hereditamentf and pmisses intended by this Act to be charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid stand incumbred with or are subject and lyable to the payment of severall Rent. Charges or Annuityes issueing out of the same or to the payment of diverse Fee-Farme Rents Rentf Service or other Rents thereupon reserved or charged by reason whereof the true Owners and Proprietors of such Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf [Hereditamentf] and phnisses doe not in truth receive to theire owne use the true yearely value of the same for which neverthelesse they are by this Act charged to pay the full Pound Rate of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the true yearely value: Itt is therefore

declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Landlordf Owners and Proprietors of such Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and p*misses as are charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid to abate and dedud and to retaine and keepe in his or theire hands Four shillingf in the Pounde for every Fee-Farme Rent or other Annuall Rent or Payment charged upon or issueing out of the plmisses or any part thereof or thereupon reserved And all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be any way intituled to such Rents and Annuall Paymentf are hereby required to all owe such deduccons and paymentf upon the receipte of the residue of such moneyes as shall be due and payable to them for such Rents or Annuall Paymentf reserved or charged as aforesaid.

V.

Commissioners

named.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid 1'hat for the better assessing ordering levying and collecting of the severall Sumes of money soe as aforesaid limitted and appointed to be paid and for the more effectuall putting of this psent Ad in Execucbn all and every the Persons hereafter named shall be Chmissioners of and for the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughs Townes and Places hereafter menebned.

For the County of Bedford

The Honourable Edward Russell The Honourable Robert Russell The Honourable Robert Bruce The Honourable Charles Leigh Esquires Sir John Mordant Sir William Gostwick Sir John Nappier Sir John Cotton Sir Anthony Chester Sir John Burgoyne Sir Rowland Alston Sir Villiers Chernock Sir John Osborne Baronettf Sir William Beecher Sir Thomas Rolt Knightf Sir John Franklyn Sir James Astrey Masters in Chancery William Duncombe Oliver Luke William Boteler Thomas Browne Lewis Moneaux Benjamin Conquest Thomas Hillersden Samuell Cater John Osborne William Farrer the Quccnes Solicitor William Foster Thomas Cheyne William Palmer Richard Stone Edward Stone John Vaux George Abbott John Cockayne William Spencer Richard Edxvardf Brooke Bridges George Edwardf Thomas Brownsall Ralph Brownsall Walter Cary Robert Mountague Henry Ashley junior Samuell Rolt

• interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 169c2.

325

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

Humphrey Fish Charles Gery William Farrer junior Samucll Bedford Robert Audeley William Daniell Saint John Thompson John Harvie of Thurley John Harvie of Ickwell Thomas Christie Matthew Dennis William Livesay William Alstone Thomas Halfpenny Samuell Rhodes John Wagstaffe William Simcottf Nicholas Granger William Whittbread Nehemiah Brandrith Richard Wigg Thomas Johnson George Bernardistone Richard Orlebar John Davies William Boteler of Wotton Samuell Ironside John Eston Esquires George Nodes Francis Brace Thomas Arnold of Ampthill William Crow George Cobb Gentlemen John Huxley Esq.,:

For the Towne of Bedford

The Mayor for the time being Thomas Hillersden Thomas Christie Esquires William Foster Doctor of Lawes William Farrer John Eston Esquires Robert Bell John Hawes John Crawley William Beckett William Manley William Faldo junior Gentlemen

For the County of Borkf.

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the [Honourable1] House of Comons First Lord Comissioner of the Great Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privye Councell Henry Earle of Starling of the Kingdome of Scotland Montague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire apparent of James Earle of Abington the Honourable Bemarde Greenvill Esquire Sir Humphrey Fosster Sir John Stonehouse Sir Thomas Draper Sir William Rich Sir Henry Winchcombe Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Edmond Fettiplace Sir John Hobby Sir Anthony Craven Sir Humphrey Henn Sir Willoughby Aston Sir William Kendricke Baronettf Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Porter Sir Robert Pye Sir Algernoone May Sir Edward Norreis Sir Walter Clarges Sir Christopher Wrenn Sir William Whitlock Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir George Willoughby Sir Thomas Doleman Sir Thomas Traviell Knightf William Herrison Doctor in Divinity and Master of Saint Crosse William Stonehouse John Blandy Henry Barker Henry Nevill John Archer Richard Nevill Richard Aldworth Richard Jones William Cheiry Edmond Fettiplace Henry Kingsmall Thomas Pledwell James Stonehouse Charles Gerrard John Blake-Grave, Lofts Brightwell Paul Calton Henry Fairfax James Paul Gifford of Mansford Tanfield Vachell Charles Fettiplace Paul Calton junior

John Hepesly John Standinge Richard Pye Thomas Goodlacke Thomas Fettiplace James Ferrott William Barker of Suning Thomas Blickridge Edmond Wiseman Henry Heylinge Simon Harcourte Roger Draper Richard Jennens William Jennens John Whitfeild James Hayes Edward Sherwood Edmond Sayer Baptist May Richard Southby Thomas Gunter senior Thomas Turner John Southby Thomas Southby Thomas Lee Francis White John Whitwicke Thomas Doleman Thomas Seymour Thomas Tippinge Roger Knighte John Plumner Christopher Willoughby William Adderley John Wallis John Holloway Robert Mayott William Angell William Thompson John Vemey John Wildman senior Charles Croke John Wildman junior Richard Brickendon junior Arthur Onslowe Thomas Gerrard Thomas Harwood William Smith Thomas Brickendon junior Simon Smith Henry Ballen Thomas Hoard Nathan Knighte Bartholomewe Tippine John Fincher Philipp Weston John Edmondf Robert Lee Felix Calverd George Blagrave John Deane Boulton James John Peacocke John Jeningf of Stanford John Due John Dalby Richard Knapp John Looder Thomas Looder John Pottinger of Ludbury Sebastian Lyford Edward Reed Edward Lovedon Thomas Read Richard Palmer Francis Parry Lovelace Hersay John Winder James Ninche Henry Stephens John Pottinger of Inkpen Charles Collins David Bigg Story Barker Carleton Whitelocke Joseph Cowslade Ralph Howland Esquires Moses Brough Doctor in Physicke Thomas Gunter junior Robert Jeningf John Bigg Moses Slade Richard Skinner James Stone Charles Lush Richard Watkins Richard Paine Charles Harrison John Smith Anthony Leaver Nicholas Humphreys Charles Calverly Thomas Stephens Edward Brackstone George Lampord Robert Selwood Richard Pusey John Oliver Robert Blackaller James Corderay John Paine Thomas Haynes of Grove Adam Head of Letcombe Regis John Blandy of Letcombe Bassett John Banks of East Challowe Francis Piggott of West Challowe Thomas Parker Edward Pococke (z) Peter Sayer Robert Masson Thomas Harrison Thomas Edmondf Richard Cooper Thomas Cowslade Symon Winche John Pococke of Stretly Gyles Pocock Charles Peacock Richard Matthewes Richard Lyford John Wilder Sylas Sebore Nicholas Pottenger Richard Pottenger of Burfield John Lead of Langley Gentlemen Richard Aldworth Doctor of Lawe Francis Hungerford Gentleman The Mayor of Reading the Mayor of Abington the Mayor of Wallingford the Mayor of Newberry the Aldermen of Ockingham for the time being the Mayor of Maidenhead Francis Knight Thomas [King3] Ezekiell Clarke Gentlemen Thomas Middlecott Esquire

For the Burrough of New Windsor

The Mayor (4) for the time being Sir Thomas Duppa Usher of the Black Rodd Bernard Granvill Baptist May Charles Potts William Adderley Esquires Richard Plumpton Richard Hales Richard Fish-bourne Francis Negus John Church George Wood Gentlemen Robert Forth Alderman Richard Topham Simon Smith William Smith Gentlemen:

For the County of Buckf

Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scotland the Right Honourable Thomas Wharton Esquire Comptroller of His Majesties Household and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privye Councell The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire Chancellor of [the'] Exchequer and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privye Councell The Honourable Edward Russell Esquire Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronett Sir Thomas Tyrrell Sir Walter Clarges Sir Thomas Proby Sir Ralph Vemey Sir Henry Andrewes Sir Thomas Lee Sir William Dormer Sir Dennis Hampson Sir Peter Tyrrell Sir Richard Atkins Sir John Packington Sir John Thompson Baronettf Sir Robert Clayton Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Whitelock Sir Purbeck Temple Sir Roger Hill Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Sir Orlando Gee Sir William Pritchard Sir Joseph Alston Sir Cesar Wood alias Cranmer Knightf John Hampden Edmunde Waller Richard

1 0. omits. * Thoma Stratton Richard Fishborne Henry Peacock 0. a interlined on the Roll. * of Windsor 0.

4o

326

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1692

Beake William Penn William Mountague Serjeant att Lawe William Cheyne Thomas Hackett John Duncombe of Greate Brickhill Alexander Denton Thomas Pygott John Parkhurste Thomas Lewes senior Thomas Lewes junior Thomas Berringer John Backwell Edward Humfreville Roger Price John Whittewrong Richard Greenville Budd Wase Basill Brent Charles Stafford Richard Ingoldesby Robert Dormer of Dorton Edmond Waller of Gregories Benjamin Lane Nicholas Salter William Busbye Richard Nicholas Edmond Dorrell Francis Drake Joseph Neale Harry Tyrrell Henry Stephens Charles Godfrey Arthur Warren Francis Duncombe of Broughton Thomas Carter of Weston Henry Neale Joseph Haynes John Grubb Johnshall Crosse William Farrer Symon Mayne Robert Dormer of Lee Henry Herberte James Herbert George Evelin Henry Sumner Daniell Baker Ralph Lawton Charles Tyrrell Edward Bates Maximilian Bard Thomas Ligo of Stoke Mandeville Robert Hart James Tyrrell William Croke James Chase Richard Dorrell Stephen Chase senior John Thurburnc Serjeant att Lawe Thomas Lygo of Burkett Francis Tyrringham Mountague Drake William Lysle Edward Alston John Nape Richard Berringer John Woodfyne of RadclifTe Thomas Eyre William Adderley John Archdale John Hillesdon Henry Knapp Esquires William Hill of Weston Thomas Smith of Beckonsfeild Richard Whitchurch Henry Harris Robert Gainsford Hugh Horton Thomas Gibson Timothy Doyley Henry Gold John Sparkes John Theed John Seare Henry Cave senior Henry Cave junior Richard Barraby senior Francis Ligo Thomas Carter John Tanner Doctor of Physick Thomas Hudson Henry Coley Thomas Deverell of Swanburne Peterr Dickinson Henry Fletcher of Marlowe John Gibbons Matthew Butterfeild Henry Corker of Marlowe Richard Style of Turville Clement Heddington William Hill junior of Wendover William Hillyar Jonas Taylor Robert Weeden Gentlemen:

For the Towne of Buckingham

The Bayliffe for the time being Sir Richard Temple Knigte of the Bath and Baronett Sir Ralph Verney Baronett Alexander Denton Henry Andrewes Edmond Darell Edward Bates William Busby John Rogers Esquires Hugh Ethersey George Dance rWilliam Hartley Pelham Sandwell Gentlemen:

For the Borough of Wycombe:

The Mayor Recorder Aldermen Bayliffs and Towne Clerke for the time being Sir Orlando Gee Knightc Charles Godfrey and Thomas Lewes Esquires:

For the County of Cambridge.

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Hildebrand Lord AUington of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable John Lord Cuttf of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable [Edward'] Russell Esquire One of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell Sir John Chicheley Knighte Sir Christopher Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir Levinus Bennett Sir Henry Pickering Sir Rushout Cullen Sir John Cutler Baronettf Sir Robert Cotton Sir Francis Pemberton Sir Marmaduke Davreil Knightf John Willys John Bennett Granado Pigott Devereux Martin Francis Russell Edward Nightingale Edward Pickering John Millicent Sampson Clarke William Fortry Thomas Duckett Thomas Buck John Hagar William Layer senior William Wortf Thomas Story Edward Leedes Thomas Archer William Layer junior Gilbert Wigmore Anthony Thompson Charles Baron Tyrrell Dalton Thomas Day Thomas Sclater John Loves Altham Smith James Willymott Thomas Hitch Esquires William Cooke Doctor of Civill Lawe Doctor Kirby Theophilus Tyrrell Alington Harrison John Carter Robert Casebourne Robert Flack Thomas Crudd Clynch Gentlemen

Rant of Swaffham [ Esquire*] John Doman Esquire Guy Chapman Fuller Gent:

For the Universitie and Towne of Cambridge

The Vice Chancellor and the Mayor for the tyme being The Honourable John Mountagu Dr in Divinity Sir Thomas Chicheley Knighte Sir John Cotton Baronett The Honourable Edward Finch The Honourable Henry Boyle Granado Pigott Esquires Joseph Beaumont Humphrey Gower Thomas Smolt John Balderston John Covill Thomas Bainbridge Doctors of Divinity Roderick George Oxenden William Cooke Doctors of Civill Lawe

Tanfeild Leman Esquire Samuell Newton Thomas Story Thomas Ewen Isaac Watlington John Pepys Thomas Fowles Thomas Fox John Fage Aldermen James Johnson Isaac Newton Samuell Perne Esquires Doctor Greene Francis Todd Gent:

For the Isle of Ely:

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Lyonel Walden Josiah Colvill Thomas Edwardf Lyonel Walden Roger Jeningf senior Ralph Peirson Symon Burton John Pamplin Roger Jcningf junior Robert Swaine Charles Bartee Thomas Wiseman William Fortrey Marlebourne Carrell William Bourne John Twelves Thomas Towers Henry Goodrick Sigismund Traford William Marsh Thomas Harrison [Gent3] Vertue Ratford Anthony Hammond Esquires Robert Drake Michaell Beale Richard Russell Gentlemen Sir Sewster Peyton Baronett Doctor Spencer Deane of Ely Doctor Henry Hitch Doctor William Balaam Doctor William Cooke David RowlandC John Pepys Esquires Guy Chapman Fuller Gentleman

For the County of Chester

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the Honourable the House of Comons First Lord Cdmissioner of the Great Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell Richard Lord Viscount Colchester Sonne and Heire Apparent of Thomas Earle Rivers Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Macclesfeild Montague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Earle of Abington

' interlined on the Roll.

* O. omits.

5 O. omits.

A-D.X692.

4° Gul. & Maii. c. 1.

327

George Lord Delamcr Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Earle of Warrington The Honourable George Booth The Honourable George Cholmondly Sir Thomas Delves Sir Thomas Grosvenour Sir Willoughby Aston Sir Peter Warburton Sir John Mainewareing Sir Thomas Bellot Sir Richard Brookes Sir Robert Duckenfeild Sir John Werden Sir Arthur Royden Baronettf Sir Robert Cotton Knighte and Baronett Sir Jeffery Shackerly Sir John Arderne Sir John Crew Sir Roger Puleston Sir William Glegg High Sheriffe of the said County Sir Richard Leving Sir Richard Reynoldf Knightf Thomas Delves Montague Drake Thomas Cotton Nathanicll Booth of Motram John Leigh of Adlington Peter Leigh of Booths Thomas Lee of Darnehall William Lawton Roger Whiteley of Peel John Warren William Davenport Thomas Daniell John Allin of Bagnley Richard Leigh Peter Brookes George Booth Peter Sharkerley John Brewen Edward Minshall Roger Mainewareing Thomas Done Roger Wilbraham Peter Wilbraham Randle Wilbraham Samuell Davenport George Vernon Richard Leister John Davenport Samuel Daniel Thomas Masteson Samuell Finney Charles Hurleston John Lawton John Chetwood Thomas Whitley Thomas Sweetenham Edmond Jodrell Austin Leigh Thomas Aldersey Nathaniell Lee William Minshall Reginald Bretland Richard Wright John Goldsmith Thomas Ghent Recorder of [Couleton1 ] John Venables William Daniels John Pickering Edmond Swetenham Lawrence Wright William Whitmore George Lucy Samuell Hardware Joseph Hockenhall John Baskervile Thomas Hulls John Parker Henry Bradshawe William Jackson Doctor of Physick George Dodd Richard Amson Thomas Latham William Glegg of Grange John Hardware Edward Thornycroft Edward Wright of Stretton Thomas Dodd of Edge John Higinbotham Dodd of Boxton Esquires The Mayor of Macclesfeild for the time

being Thomas Leighe Recorder of Macclesfeild Thomas Wright Justice William Rowe Thomas Lunt John Blagg Peter Wright Aldermen

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester The Mayor of the said Citty for the tyme being Sir William Williams Knighte and Baronett Recorder Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Richard Leving Baronettf Peter Shackerley Roger Whitley Hugh Grosvenor Roger Mostyn of Brumbo Griffith Williams Esquires Thomas Wainewright Doctor of Lawe William Streete Thomas Wilcocke William Ince George Manwaring Peter Edwardf William Wilson Hugh Starkey Francis Skellerne Nathaniell Williamson Aldermen Joseph Maddocks John Burroughs Sheriffes William Allen Henry Bennett William Bennett Peter Bennett Aldermen Captaine John Sparke John Hulton Thomas Hand Thomas Wright William Starkey John Johnsonne Richard Oulton Puliston Partington Matthewe Anderton junior Edward Starkey Richard Minshall Jonathan Whitby John Golbourne Robert Mcrrey Edward Palington Randle Bathoe John Warrington Robert Deintieth Thomas Maddox Michaell Johnson Thomas Ward Samuell Iieathe Thomas Warmingham Gentlemen *.

For the County of Cornwall The Right Honourable Hugh Boscawen Esquire one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell Bernard Granvill Esquire John Granvill Esquire Francis Robertf Esquire Russell Robartf Esquire Sir Bourchier Wray Sir Vyell Vyvyan Sir William Godolphin Sir Peter Killigrew Sir William Coriton Sir Andrew Slaning Sir John Saintaubyn Sir John Molesworth Baronettf Sir William Basset Sir Bcvill Granvill Knightf Sir Peter Colliton Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Francis Drake Baronettf Sir Walter Moyle Sir Joseph Tredenham Sir John Cotton Sir John Tremaine Knightf Charles Trevanion of Carhayes Charles Trelawney Samuell Roll John Speccott John Tredenham Daniell Elliott Jonathan Rashleigh John Buller John Tanner Walter Kendall Michaell Hill John Buller junior Joseph Swale Thomas Darrell Nicholas Glyn Edward Herle Charles Gryllf Samuell Travers Humphrey Nicholl Humphrey Courtnay Arthur Fortescue Sidney Godolphin Henry Trelawney Hugh Fortescue Edward Elliott William Mohun John Kendall John Gregor James Kendall Seymour Tredenham Hugh Pyper John Trefrey Francis Calmady Ambrose Manaton Joseph Moyle James Prade Richard Hoblyn of Antron George Robinson William Bond John Clowbery John Polewhale Nicholas Morrice Emanuell Piper Alexander Pendarves John Waddon John Enis William Arscott Richard Erisey William Harris Thomas Achim Samuell Ennis John Fowell Nathanicll Moyle Alexander Carew Joseph Penhallo Philipp Mayow John Barrett Thomas Pcnhallo John Murth James Bond Francis Wills Jonathan Trelawney George Spry Henry Jones Henry Vincent Hugh Tonkin Henry Manaton Francis Manaton Shadrack Vincent Thomas Killey John Courtney John Hickf William Symondf William Bligh James Kestell

Narcissus Lutterell Edmund Philipps John Hoblyn John Nicholl Peter Trevisa Thomas Hawkey Esquires Henry

Gregor Charles Bonithon Serjeant att Lawe Christopher [BartonSampson Hill William Williams of Probus Jonathan Prideaux John Williams of Trethan John Williams of Carvean William Hooper Thomas Dodson John Clarke Edmond Spoore Richard Moyle Charles Kendall Reginald Bawden Jacob Robins Stephen Robins Thomas Waddon William Marten William Braddon Reginald Hawkey John Kestle Nicholas Kemp William Hancock Nicholas Archer Thomas Herle Thomas Worth William Kekwich John Pinneck Thomas Johnson John Kegwin Joseph Marke Thomas Glyn William Tregea Charles Trevanion of Tregarthen Richard Harris of Rooke William Yeo John

Foote of Truro Richard Erisey of Saint Nyott Robert Rouse Richard Scobell Francis Scobell Francis Achim

Christopher Tucker John Burlace ot Pendenne Thomas Vivian Thomas Hoblyn Richard Smith of Morewinstowe Edward Penrose of Penros William Scawen Richard Remfry Henry Remfry Philipp Hawkins Dennis Glyn John Verman Richard Head John Manley Paul Orchard Samuell Gilbert John Trelawney William Penros Charles Orchard Edward Kcebone Samuell Gully Thomas Hoblyn of Trevascus Christopher Harris of Kenegie John Nance John Oliver of Sithney John Bassett John Cary Edward Dennis Francis Painter William Veale John Penros of Menackan Anthony Tanner Richard Williams John Austis Nicholas Boson John Harris William Flammank of Boscame William Cock of Holston Thomas Bewes William Brandon Richard Trevanion of Veryan Esquire John Robins of Veryan Gentleman Timothy Gully John Raw of Pennant Gentlemen John Foot John Cole Gentlemen John Oben of Gushland Gentleman Bernard Kendall Jonathan Tincombe Charles Truebody Gentlemen '•

1 Congleton O.

* Barron O.

328

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1692.

For the County of Cumberland

The Right Honourable Sir John Lowther Baronett one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir William Pennington Sir Wilfrid I^awson Sir Richard Musgrave Baronettf Sir John Ballentine Sir Daniell Fleming Knightf Henry Fletcher Wilfrid Lawson Joseph Huddlestone Robert Carleton William Fleming Thomas Lamplugh Richard Lamplugh Anthony Hutton Richard Patrickson John Aglionby Christopher Richmond Roger Kirby Edward Hasell Miles Pennington Edward Stanley William Christian William Gilpin Ewen Christian Darcy Curwen Leonard Dykes Charles Orpheur John Senhouse Andrew Huddleston Henry Browham Christopher Musgrave Henry Fletcher of Tallentire John Winder junior John Punsonby Andrew Whelpdaile Richard Lamplugh junior Esquires Sir Orlando Gee Knight John Forster John Parke junior Richard Senhouse Thomas Addison James Maxwell Charles Swallwood Thomas Webster William Graham Joshuah Lathes John Gale Timothy Fetherstone John Relfe Gentlemen the Mayor of Carlisle for the time being

For the County of Derby:

The Right Honourable the Lord Ross Son and Heire Apparent to John Earle of Rutland the Right Honourable the Lord Cavendish Son and Heire Apparent to William Earle of Devonshire the Right the Lord Stanhope Son and Heire Apparent to Philipp Earle of Chesterfeild the Honourable Robert Shirley Esquire the Honourable Anchitell Gray Esquire the Honourable Robert Cecill Esquire Sir Thomas Gresley Sir Edward Coke Sir Henry Every Sir Nathaniell Curson Sir Phillipp Gell Sir Paul Jenkinson Baronettf Sir Simon Degg Sir Gilbert Clarke Sir Edward Abney Sir Richard Leving Knightf Willoughby Gray Henry Gilbert Robert Sacheverell Francis Mundy John Low Matthew Smith Gilbert Mundy Henry Keyes Paul Jodrell John Osborne Thomas Bard Thomas Allestry Esquires William Horne Samuell Bradshawe John Parker William Flamsted George Gregson Henry Low John Holden Anthony Bradshaw Henry Pilkington William Hunter John Richardson Samuell Richardson Henry Wild Thomas Wilson Henry Goodyeare John Wilson Robert Newton Nehemiah Pineger Gentlemen Henry Heveningham Walter Burdett Thomas Coke John Burdett Robert Wilmott Robert Harding George Gresley John Every Henry Kendall Gilbert Thacker John Fitzherbert William Allestry John Allen John Wilkins John Harpur of Calke Phillipp Prince John Harpur of Little Over Esquires Eusebius Dormer Richard Sales William Shalcrosse Gentlemen George Vernon Henry Every Henry Cavendish Robert Coke Charles Pye Godfrey Meynell Alexander Stanhope Samuell Pole Thomas Browne Robert Willmott of Spondon Richard Bates Nicholas Willmott John Burroughs Esquieres Robert Doxey Richard Stubbins Gentlemen Rowland Oakeover Thomas Milward George Parker Thomas Parker Esquires Josiah Trott John Stuffin Arthur Low Robert Dale Henry Buxton William James John Hayne Christopher Ley Sampson Baker William Wingfeild John Slacke Lawrence Sleigh William Alsopp Francis Sleigh John Botham Robert Feme Joseph Woolhouse Gentlemen William Eyre John Shallcrosse Thomas Wright Henry Gilbert junior John Bullocke George Savile Tho: Leigh Henry Bradshawe John Stephenson Esquires John Wright John Beresford Thomas Bagshaw John Bagshaw Benjamin Ashton Thomas Statham John Greaves William Backe John Calvert Charles Mayne John Buxton Arthur Dakein James Webster Gentlemen Samuell Peirpoint John Revell George Sitwell Cornelius Clarke Robert Revell John Wigsall John Morewood Robert Barker Robert Mower Robert Ashton Thomas Woolhouse Lionell Fanshaw Thomas Cotchett John Spateman Christopher Pegg Samuell Halloes Thomas Eyre Esquires The Mayor of Chesterfeild for the tyme being Richard Youle Francis Moore Aldermen Andrew Clayton [Robert1] Heathcote John Stephenson Tho: Birley John Smithson George Milward John Wingfeild Richard Hall John Dand Godfrey Watkinson Paul Webster Gentlemen The Mayor of Derby for the tyme being John Brookehouse Thomas Goodwin Samuell Spateman Solomon Robertf Aldermen William Hoskinson John Taylor Gentlemen Samuell Dalton John Adderley Esquires George Beardesley Joseph Parker John Bagnold Samuell Goodwin John Gosborne John Aldershawe Hugh Bateman Edward Large William Turner William Chambers Benjamin Parker William Greave Edward Parker Edmund Parker James Motteram Ralph Brough Francis Strutt Gentlemen [•

For the County of Devon

The Honourable Edward Russell Esquire the Honourable Robert Russell Esquire the Honourable John Granvill Esquire Sir George Hutchins Knight one of the Lords Comissioners for the Custody of the Greate Seale of England Sir Edward Seymour Sir Peter Prideaux Sir George Chudleigh Sir Francis Drake Sir Ames Pollard Sir Bouchier Wrey Sir Courtney Poole Sir Francis Northcott Sir William Courtenay Sir William Davie Sir Hugh Ackland Sir William Drake Sir Henry Carew Sir Richard Reynell Sir Walter Young Sir Arthur Chichester Sir Peter Colliton Sir Thomas Leer Sir Andrew Slaning Sir Thomas Putt Baronettf Sir John Rolle Sir Simon Leech Sir Henry Vane Knightf of the Bath Sir George Treby Knight Lord Cheife Justice of the Court of Comon Pleas Sir Thomas Trevor Knight His Majesties Solicitor Generali Sir John Tremaine Knight Theire Majesties Serjeant att Lawe Sir Thomas Berry Sir Walter Moyle Sir Joseph Heme Knightf Francis Courtenay Samuell Rolle Henry Portman Nicholas Morrice Richard Duke Thomas Reynell John Cladbury Richard Coffin William Spurway of Cheford Dennis Rolle of Beame John Cholwich John Trelawney Henry Trelawney John Manaton Gideon Heydon Francis Gwyn Henry Luscombe Hugh Vaughan Hugh Fortescue Richard Hillersdon Richard Carew John Moore Richard Osborne Charles Kelland William Hockmore Edmund Reynell of Malston George Fortescue of [Buckland1] Fillie Robert Yoe of Huish Eneas Newton John Northcote of Westwood Bampfeild Rodd James Rodd Richard Courtenay John Copplestone John Blewett Richard Beavie John Burrington John Fry of Varty Thomas Wood Roger Woolacombe Christopher Savery Rowland Whiddon Courtenay Crocker Arscott Bickford Henry Chichester of Coxleigh John

* Bruttand O.

• Gilbert 0.

4pGul & Mar. c. 1.

329

Garland Henry Chichester Martin Rider Charles Whore Richard Langdon of Totnesse John Elwell Richard Lee of Winslade William Coleman Sebastian Isaske Henry Walrond John Chichester of Widworthy Jonathan Prideaux William Haine John Batishill John Sandford William Fowell William Bragg Sampson Hele Thomas Drew William Carey of Clovelly Arthur Champurnoone Francis Bassett John Gilford John Arscott of Tetcott Henry Northleigh Edward Yard of Churchton Edmund Walrond Arthur Tremaine William Harris of Haine Richard Shapleigh Francis Fullford Edward Fortescue of Brixton William Stawell John Quicke Hugh Stafford Henry Trelawney Edmund Prideaux of Ford John Pole John Pollexfen George Priestwood George Parker Ambrose Manaton Peter Fortescue Nicholas Martin John Tull William Bastard John Hody William Dyer Richard Duck Nicholas Browse Thomas Bere Josias Calmady Richard Newcombe James Hinsh of Sand Edmund Walrond junior Edmund Tremaine Nicholas Rowe James Fortescue James Courtenay William Drake of Netherton John Fownes John Martin Edmund Pollexfen Peter Bevis John Rosse Elize Bartlett Thomas Southcote of Hedgend George Southcote Henry Frye Ames Crymes John Fowell Edward Lovett William Drake of Yarberry John Fortescue George Yeo Robert Hatch Christopher Maine Lewis Incledon John Specott John Tanner Arthur Champnies Ambrose Roope Christopher Bayle Walter Bogan Peter Atkins Anthony Salter John Cruse Francis Shepherd Nicholas Lutterell John Davie William Savery of Slade Moses Gould Richard Duke junior Gilbert Yard Samuell Tanner Edmund Starr Benjamin Oliver Southcote Lutterell Richard Strowde Esquires John Pratt Edmund Davie Richard Burthogg Edward Ford Samuell Isacke Doctors of Physicke Narcissus Lutterell Nicholas Roope William Culling Joseph Drake Henry Gould Phillipp Andrewes Thomas Ford Jasper Radcliffe Thomas Southcote of Offwell John Mercer John Upcott John Southelle John Vellcy of Hartland Henry Stephens William Langford of Braddon John Harris of Wortham Marke Delve John Downe John Symmondf John Nortlunore Richard Webber Thomas Sampson Thomas Do£ton of Dodon John Cooke Merchant Matthias Jenkins John Hambury John Contee Richard Parininster John Hatch Gentlemen The Mayor of Plymouth for the time being The Mayor of Barnestaple for the time being The Mayor of Biddeford for the time being The Mayor of Totnesse for the time being The Mayor of Tiverton for the time being The Mayor of Torrington for the time being The Mayor of Dartmouth for the tyme being The Mayor of Plympton for the time being The Mayor of Oakehampton for the time being The Mayor of South Molton for the time being Phillipp Sapcott Edmund Gibbons Esquires Thomas Stawell Thomas Northmore Henry Asscor of East Budley John Doidge Gentlemen George Musgrave Esquire Thomas Pyne Arthur Pyne Robert Burridge Merchant Charles I^arker John Raymond John [Jones'] Richard Hallett John Martyn William Symmons John Monion Bernard Goddard Abraham Trowte James Marwood Gentlemen Francis Weare of Silverton Henry Moore of Kenrybeere Lewis Stuckley John Paige Merchante James Younge Gentleman Richard Doidge of Torr Gentleman William Cotton Merchant

For the City and County of the City of Exon

The Mayor Aldermen Sheriffe and Cdmon Councell for the time being The Right Honourable Sir Edward Seymour Baronett Sir Peter Colliton Baronett Sir John Tremaine Knight Edmund Davie Thomas Waterhouse Samuell Isaack John Osmond Musgrave Doctors of Physicke Thomas Gibbon Charles Vaughan William

Martin John Pratt Joseph Tily Thomas Northmore Baristers att Lawe John Banks John Ellwill Christopher Mayne Jasper Radcliff Nicholas Brookeing Thomas Brookeing Richard White William Adams Abraham Trout William Sealy Thomas Baron George Pyle Thomas Potter Edmund Starr Thomas Gold Edward Dally Jerom King Henry Newcombe Thomas Ford Thomas Turner Tristram Bowdage William Matthewes

Foe the County of Dorsett

Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Shaftsbury Sir John Morton Sir Nathaniell Nappier Sir Robert Nappier Baronettf Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir George Strode Sir Henry Butler Sir Matthewe Andrewes KnightC Thomas Freke Thomas Strangwayes Edward Miller Samuel Roll Richard Fownes Henry Portman Robert Freke senior William Okeden junior Thomas Erie Robert Coker senior Robert Coker junior Edward Nicholas William Whiteacre John Still Robert Seymer William Freke Thomas Greene John Poole Sebastian Isaacke Robert C.ulliford Robert Freke junior George Baynard Phillipp Caldicott Thomas Pile John Banks of William Uvedale Thomas Ryves Edward Seymoure William Strode Robert Williams Thomas

Hardy John Williams Thomas Freke junior Michaell Harvey Francis Mohun Henry Seymer Thomas Chase Hugh Hodges Serjeant att Lawe Tregonwell Frampton John Eastmont John Fisher Edward S' Loe Robert Browne of Frampton Henry Devenish George Parry Harry Constantine Anthony Ettrick Thomas Trenchard George Strangwayes Richard Bradrepp Nathaniel Bond His Majesties Serjeant att Lawe Hugh C.hudleigh John Oldes Thomas Seaward junior Henry Henning Henry Trenchard John Gold John Hurding William Ettrick William Floyer William Bennett the younger of Hartgrove John Lawrence of Grange William Bowles senior Simon Whetcombe John Ironside John Bowles John Hardy Thomas Turberville Bullen Reymes Robert Oxenbridge Robert Browne Nathaniell Nappier William Churchill Richard Swayne Robert Erie George Dawbenny John Mitchell Thomas Skinner Charles Bruine William Sidenham Richard Bingham William Weston James Hussey Robert Hussey of Stowerpayne William Fillioll William White James Gold John Burridge Anthony Floyer Nicholas Hardy William Bennett Richard Rose Richard Burge Robert Pope Andrew Tucker William Wake Robert Stephens William Romaine Nicholas Browne Robert Browne George Gold Andrew Loder junior George I-ester^ William Hull George Barber Thomas Bower Arthur [Folkes1] John Flint William Culliford William Rose Gentlemen Thomas Cockram William Collins of Linch John Pike John Abington Lewis Cockram Roger Mompesson Robert Burridge John Edwardf John Strode of [Chauntry5] Anthony Trewe of Wareham Solomon Andrewes John Fittf Thomas Chettle John Moore Thomas

' Joanes O. « interlined on the Roll. s Chauntcry O.

4 P

330

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1692.

Gundry Daniell Dugdale Robert Swaine of Corffe Richard Swaine Robert Butler Thomas Hawles Richard Newman John Richardf Henry Henly junior Thomas Williams Phillipp Taylor Merchant George Keate George Gigger Richard Churchill Robert Russell Thomas Rose George Mullens Christopher Collier Simon Orchard Sainuell Pitt William Bennett of Shaston Gentlemen George Phelipps The Mayors of Dorchester Shaftsbury Weymouth Melcombe Regis Corse Wareham and Lyme Regis The Bayliffs of Blandford and Bridporte for the time being.

For the Towne and County of Poole

The Mayor for the time being William White Esquire Recorder Moses Durrell senioV Henry Jubber James Hallybread The Sheriffe for the time being George Lewin Captaine Robert Bennett John Carter Moses Durrell junior William Phillipps Thomas Smith Thomas Hyde John Pyke William Streete William Minty John Gigger Shadracke Beale Richmond Henly

For the County Palatine of Durham *.

The Honourable Charles Montague Sir Christopher Musgrave Knigfh1 ]t and Baronett Sir Christopher Conyers Sir Ralph Cole Sir Thomas Williamson Sir James Clavering Sir Robert Eden Baronettf Sir Ralph Carr Sir William Bowes Knightf Sir Richard Neale Sir Francis Blake Doctor Cumber Deane of Durham Doctor Morton

Christopher Vane William Lambton Robert Byerly William Tempest William Forster George Morland Henry

Liddell James Darcy Lyonell Vane Francis Bowes William Bromley Cuthbert Carr Marke Shafto Roger Fenwicke Robert Jeinson Thomas Liddell John Clavering James Clavering William Carr Robert Ellison John Parkehurst John Sedgwicke Rowland Place William Blackett Ralph Carr Thomas Foster John Hilton William Strother junior Charles Wren Thomas Conyers Edward Tongue Ralph Hedworth Frevill Lambton Francis Carr Ralph Bates Anthony Salvaine James Mickleton Ralph Hutton John Jenkins Richard Middleton John Elstob John Hall John Hutchinson William Killinghall Esquires The Mayor of Durham The Mayor of Stockton for the time being Robert Jackson James Cooke William Atkinson William Johnson Thomas Brass Edward Shepardson John Coalesworthe John Carr John Speareman Abraham Hilton Thomas Watson George Crosier William Ettricke Ralph Holmes John Hodshen Thomas Blackett Robert Dickson Arthur Prescott Peter Marley William Hutchinson Bernard Dowthwaite William Hodshen Robert Smith Christopher Fawcett John Gordon Gentlemen William Selby of Beale Master Ord of Felkington Gilbert Ord of Holy Island Bryan Grey of Keily Gentlemen Patricke Crowe Esquire

John Sleigh of Goswick William Cooke of Tweedmouth Samuell Ogle Esquires Edward Delavall Ralph Orde of

Longridge Esquires Ralph Orde of Tweesell Gentleman

For the West Rideing of the County of Yorke;.

Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton William Lord Elland Sonne to the Marquesse of Hallifax William Lord Pawlett Second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Viscount Downe of the same Kingdome Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Sir Henry Goodricke Knight and Baronett one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privye Couricell Charles Boyle Sidney Wortely Montague Henry Dawney Henry Fairfax Esquires Sir George Fletcher Sir Thomas Armitage Sir John Kaye Sir William Reresby Sir John Inglesby Sir John Bland Sir Bryan Stapylton Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Franckland Sir George Cooke Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Edward Blackett Sir John Tempest Sir John Cutler Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir Lyonell Pilkington Baronettf Sir John Hewley Sir Jonathan Jenningf Sir Michaell Wentworth Sir Patience Ward Sir Thomas Ilodson Sir William Lowther Sir John Coghill Sir Abstrupus Danby Knightf Henry Liddell Thomas Frankland Christopher Tankred William Palmes Esquires Robert Byerley Francis Ncvill Jonathan Jenningf John Goodricke Thomas Harrison Walter Calverly Cerill Arthington Christopher Lister Thomas Fawkes Wellbury Norton William Stockdale Bryan Fairfax Charles Osborne John Knight Densill Onslowe Arthur Ingram William Wombell Francis Foulgham John Ramsden Thomas Yorke John Bradshawe Thomas Yarburgh Thomas Vincent William Ellis William Vavasour Henry Stapilton Henry Thompson Inglebert Leedf Barnard Granvill John Lister Ralph Lowther Henry Hitch Bryan Sunderland Ambrose Pudsey Thomas Lister Thomas Horton John Eastoft Samuell Mellish Godfrey Bosvill John Ashton William Wickham William Jessopp John Lambert Tanckred Robinson Henry Edmondf Richard Redinaine Thomas Fountaine Jasper Blythman Robert Monckton Gervas Neville John Farrar William Rhodes Thomas Parker Thomas Dodson John Gill Henry Bouch Henry Cooke Miles Stavely John Stanhop of Ilorsforth William Roundell Hugh Smithson Robert Mitford Christopher Adams Roger Portington Anthony Fletcher William Fairefax Christopher Wilkinson Richard Sterne William Jenningf Matthew Boynton Robert Baynes Thomas Bendlowes Henry Slingsby John Townly John Hatfeild of Laughton Cuthbert Wade Richard Staynes Bennett Sherrard John Stanhopp of Ecclesall Thomas Hasletine John Rokes Rowland Norton George Aislaby Anthony Parker Thomas Kirke Robert Farrand Thomas Lea Richard Taylor John Warner Simon Sterne Thomas Robinson George Towlson Richard Shuttleworth Esquires William Ingram Gentleman John Armitage John Auby Henry Currer Robert Burdett Esquires John Hatfeild of Hatfeild senior John Hatfeild junior Gentlemen Robert Frank Thomas Wakefeild William Bethell Francis Linley Gilbert Rigley Nonas Parker Charles Newby Thomas Westby William Beckwith Andrew Wilkinson Esquires Richard Richardson Doctor of Physicke Thomas Ramsden Gentleman Marke Shafto Esquire Richard Hatton Thomas Edmundf senior Thomas Edinundf junior John Batty Gentlemen William Rookeby Esquire Robert Parker William Norton Armestronge Gregory Godfrey Copley John Copley James Greenewood Richard Hewitt Richard

1 interlined on the Roll.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

331

Taylor John Sothern Thomas Squire Bartin Allott John Jackman Benjamin Watts Richard Nettleton Edward Thompson William Tatham Lawrence Warton John Tatham Gentlemen Michaell Warton of Bawtry Francis Wheatley Phisitian John Spencer of Comon Hall Henry Wood John Preston Stephen Wilkes Thomas Hooke Gentlemen Thomas Craven Andrew Howden Roger Cotes of Kilwich Francis Elwickf Thomas Ward of Northcoate Thomas Carlton Cuthbert Chambers Gregory Fish Jonas Midgley Robert Inman Robert Squire Christopher [Dawson' ] Thomas Thompson Gervas Hill William Appleyard Edmond Barker Francis Barlow Richard Sowersby Thomas Watterhouse The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Pontefracfte for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Doncaster for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Rippon for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Leedf for the time being Doctor Wyvell Deane of Rippon John Tomlinson of Bum Gentleman:

For the North Rideing of the County of Yorke Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire apparent to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland John Lord Viscount Downe of the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Lord Fairefax of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Sir John Lowther Baronett and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell Phillipp Darcey Esquire Henry Dawney Esquire Goodwin Wharton Esquire Henry Fairefax Esquire Sir Marmaduke Wyvell Baronett Sir Francis Boynton Baronett Sir John Leveson Gower Baronett Sir David Fowlis Baronett Sir William Strickland Sir John Bolles Sir John Napier Sir Charles Hotham Sir Watkinson Payier Sir Bryan Stapleton Sir William Frankland Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Caley Sir Christopher Wandsford Sir Thomas Pcnnyman Sir Edward Blackett Sir William Chater Sir James Brooke Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Marke Milbanke Sir William Robinson Baronettf Sir Richard Osbaldeston Sir William Hustler Sir Barrington Bouchier Sir John Hewley Sir Henry Bellasis Sir William Ascough Sir William Bowes Sir Samuell Gerrard Sir Abstrupus Danby Knightf Thomas Frankland George Marwood William Palmes Thomas Yorke Henry Metcalf Francis Thompson Francis Wyvell George Smithson Robert Waters Roger Croft John Wastell John Hutton James Darcey Roger Talbutt Edward Trotter Cornelius Caley Thomas Strangways William Moore Anthony Wharton Charles Tanckred [John How Thomas Croft Edward Hutchinson William Tanckrcd'] Bernard Granvile John Trotter Leonard Smelt Charles Duncombe John Dodsworth Thomas Harrison Anthony Lowther Timothy Mauleverer Thomas Worsley William Metcalfe John Gibson Thomas Lassells Richard Staines Daniell Lassells Thomas Wakefeild William Chaloner Theodore Bathurst Edward Thompson John Peirce William Osbaldeston George Aislabie John Smelt John Hill junior Thomas Gower John Hopton James Montague Luke Robinson Thomas Pullen Richard Peirce Thomas Metcalfe John Beverley John Beilby Rowland Norton Thomas Cradock Thomas Wyvell Humphrey Wharton Constable Bradshaw Thomas Binloes William Dawson Matthew Anlabv Richard Darley Thomas Hasletine Roger Covell Thomas Langley Robert Buck Henry Place Robert Waller Allan Chambre Esquires Christopher Piercy Hay Thomas Robinson Esquire Henry Squire Doctor of Law Leonard Hartley John Talbutt Benjamin Purcas Edward Place George Wright William Davile Phillippe Prince James Conyers William Kitchinman Robert Bell Stephen Dritfeild Robert Bushell Tymothy Ford Ralph Porter John Robinson Roger Lee John Harland Thomas Lassellf of Sowrby John Peirson Daniell Smith Henry Wilkinson Timothy Portington Tho. Tomlinson Thomas Holmes Tristram Fish Matthew Sinallf Richard Allottson John Robinson of Easby Thomas Guise Robert Crosfeild John Kettlewell James Cockerell William Turbutt Francis Hickson Nathaniell Harrison William Sudell Christopher Wilkinson Henry Pinkney John Robinson senior Robert Norrison James Hebden John Saunders William Burdett Peregrine Lassells Tymothy Bagwith The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Richmond for the time being The Baylifff and Recorder of Scarborough for the time being Thomas Hayes Esquire:

For the East Rideing of the County of Yorke:

Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairefax of the same Kingdome Henry Dawney Charles Boyle Henry Boyle Esquires Sir Francis Boynton Sir Charles Hotham Sir William Strickland Sir Henry Saint Qumtin Sir Watkinson Payier Sir Robert Hylyard Sir Thomas Rudston Sir John Legard Baronettf Sir Michaell Warton Sir Ralph Warton Sir William Cobbe Sir Matthew Peirson Sir James Bradshawe Sir Jonathan Atkins Sir Richard Osbaldeston Sir John Hewley Sir John Napier Knightf Griffith Boynton William Osbaldeston William Grimston Ingleby Daniell Henry Thompson William Gee Henry Guy Francis Thompson Matthew Appleyard Charles Osburne John Ramsden James Heblethwaite Ralph Warton Charles Warton Edward Barnard Hugh Bethell Walter Strickland Robert Munckton Thomas Langley William Bethell John Stapilton Thomas Hesketh Robert Prickett John Lister of Beverley John Estoft Richard Remington Richard Gee John Buck Matthew Alured Thomas Alured Edward Hutchinson Tobias Jenkins senior Tobias Jenkins junior Humphry Robinson of Ihickett Walter Crompton William Saint Quintin Christopher Lister John Taylor Thomas Southaby Edward Thompson James Moyser Richard Thompson John Moyser William Moore Robert Hollis Esquires Hodgson Johnson Doctor of Physicke William Headlam Esquire Robert Carlyn Gentleman Thomas Cundon James Mountaine Richard Darley William Wickham Robert Crompton Henry Portington Benjamin Overton Thomas Wakefeild Esquires Robert Squire Barnard Lister John Peirson John Gee Thomas Langley Charles Best William Dickenson Robert Jeggon Edward Bower William Bower William Wilberfosse Phillipp Wilkinson Henry Masters Thomas Ricaby William Saint Quintin Merchant John Ricaby Henry Barnard Christopher Peircey Hay Leonard Robinson Francis Blunt Richard Creyke Henry Carlin Robert Knowsley John Temperton Robert Greame Gentlemen The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of the Towne of Beverly for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Hcadon for the time being: 1

1 interlined on the Roll.

332

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1692.

For the Citty of Yorke and County of the same Citty

The Lord Mayor Aldermen and SherifFes for the time being Charles Marquesse of Winchester Eldest Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairefax Baron Cameron of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Henry Goodricke Knight and Baronett One of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell George Prickett Serjeant att Lawe Recorder Sir William Robinson Sir James Brooke Baroncttf Sir John Hewly Knight Toby Wickham Dodfor of Divinity Deane of Yorke Henry Watkinson Doctor of Lawe Henry Thompson Bennett Sherrard Thomas Hutton Toby Jenkins junior Henry Stapilton William Fairefax of Steeton William Rowndell Edward Thompson of Marston Thomas Hasletine John Baynes Richard Sterne Henry Squire Thomas Langley Thomas Mosely Roger Shackleton William Tomlinson Henry Tireman Richard Blanshard William Wickham Esquires Thomas Nesbitt Thomas Benson Richard Reynold? Phillipp Prince Francis Duckworth Christopher Hutton Christopher Breary William Thompson William Hasletine Robert Squire Thomas Holmes Richard Hewitt Richard Sowray Thomas Thompson Nicholas Sugar Thomas Harrison Samuell Walker William Mortimer John Buxton Gentlemen:

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull:

The Mayor Aldermen Sheriffe and Recorder for the time being The Wardens of the Trinity House for the time being Sir James Bradshawe Sir Michaell Warton Charles Osborne John Ramsden John Legard John Estoft William Gee John Lister of Beverly Matthew Appleyard Ingleby Daniell William Dawson Ralph Warton Charles Warton Matthew Alured William St. Quintin Esquires William Carleton Matthew Kirkeby William Idle John Holland John Robinson of Beverly Samuell Burdinand James Mould William Catlin Gentlemen:

For the County of Essex

Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable John Lord Cutt? of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Robert Bertie Bannister Maynard Richard Barrett Ralph Grey William Maynard Esquires Sir Charles Barrington Sir William Appleton Sir Samuell Grimston Sir William Hicks Sir Samuell Try on Sir Francis Masham Sir Thomas Nightingale Sir Richard Everard Sir William Lucking Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Martin Lumley Sir Anthony Abdy Sir Thomas Samuell Sir Thomas Draper Sir Thomas Darcy Sir Gervase Elwes Sir Edward Smith Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Bamardiston Sir Charles Tyrrell Sir William Barker Sir Nicholas Garrett Sir Robert Smith Sir Josiah Child Sir Peter Soame Sir John Dyer Sir Cane James Baronettf Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Farmer Sir Anthony Browne Sir John Sparrow Sir Richard Pyggott Sir Thomas Fanshawe Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Gobert Barrington Sir Thomas Chambers Sir Edward Turner Sir Thomas Middleton Sir Thomas Daval Sir John Marshall Sir Benjamin Thoroughgood Sir John Rotheram Sir Samuell Husband? Sir Henry Johnson Sir James Houblon Sir Josiah Child Knight? John Osborne John Conyers Esquires John Le Mott Honywood [John Worth1] Francis Harvey alias Mildmay Carew Harvey alias Mildmay Thomas Luther John Archer William Coward Edward Clarke Francis Thomson Thomas Dawtry Robert Bateman Charles Mountague Samuell Reynold? Isaac Rebow William Palmer Michaell Biddulph Anthony Biddulph William Peck William Pert William Atwood Francis Sl Johns Henry S' Johns John Greene Ralph Freeman Richard Hutchinson Thomas Argoll James Butler William Campion Evan Lloyd William Wright Benjamin Desbrow Richard Andrewes Francis Barrington James Altham Thomas Gardner Christopher Fowler Anthony Brampston Robert Boothby Anthony Lowther Nathaniell Tench Richard Vaughan George Ford John Rotheram Robert Ashton Thomas Burgh William Beaumont Robert Cole John Wale John Symond? Martin Lumley William Clopton William Lingwood John Tindall Timothy Felton Thomas Barrington John Eldred William Eldred John Fowle Samuell Westerne John Cox John Cooke of Chissell Owen Wynn Samuell Hare Francis Maidstone Edward Bullock John Locky John Neal Thomas Gray John Goodyer William Walker Thomas Weeley Thomas Harlackenden Bowes Thomas Walgrave John Plummer Giles Dent William Kendall Andrew Searle William Frith Alexander Prescott Cuthbert Martin William Martin William Harvey William Scott William Nutt John Pennington Thomas Turner John Sparrow John Cressener Henry Glascocke Walgrave Pelham Samuell Wiseman John Meade Thomas Abdy Henry Ayloffe Phillipp Saltingston John Hothersell Richard Hide William Mott Edmund Godwyn John Edward? Nathan Wright John Fanshaw John Luther Edward Luther of Miles Francis Bradbury Hains Barlee Charles Barlee Nicholas Cursellis Ralph Creffeild senior Nathaniel Lawrence senior Nathaniel Lawrence junior Francis Wheeler George Gent Henry Pascall Edward Thoroughgood John Hopwood John Godbold John Allen John Larkin Sigismond Trafford James Smith of Westham Robert Bragg Christopher Grange Nicholas Martin Samuell Rawstome Daniell Tanfeild Samuell Clarke Robert Dawg? William Fitch Henry Wight William Minshull Esquires George Brampston Doctor of Civill Lawe Daniell Horsmanden Charles Tyrrell Edmund Hickeringill Clerk? Isaac Lutman John Little Gentlemen Marke Mott Samuell Warner Robert Barwell junior Ralph Hawkins Dowcett Taylor John Bennett William Herris Thomas Greene John Josceline Jeremiah Richardson John Savile William Boyce John Potter Henry Lamb Thomas Scarlett Nicholl John Stilman John Rayner Hope Gifford Charles Wale

of Walden Joseph Sparrow Harrison of Braintree Richard Cowper John Elliott Richard Greene of

lolesbury Nicholas Jekill George Wale of Radwinter Thomas Coe senior John Wiggoner John Rebow Abraham Hedgthome John Witham Thomas Hickeringill Michaell Godfrey James Sparrow Samuell Mott senior George Asser Richard Williams Urban Hall Dauntesey Brouncker James [Cocker *] Richard Taylor of Southweale William Thomson Gentlemen Robert Williamson Thomas Chambers Cheyne Row John Cummins Ralph Creffeild junior Bamuell Reynold? junior Godfrey Woodward William Moore Edward Husband? John Borrett Daniell Smith ot 1

1 interlined on the Roll.

« Coker 0.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

Harwich Esquires John Harrison Doctor of Physicke Robert May Robert Hulson John Reeve Luke Talcott Richard Taylor of Berkin John Austen Edward Nurse John Jackson Edlin of Stratford Thomas Langley junior

Gentlemen Francis Dashwood Esquire Thomas Cracherode of Cassehall Gentleman Thomas Bowdler Esquire:

For the Town of Malden:

The Baylifff for the time being Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath High Steward Sir Thomas D'arcy Baronett Charles Mountague Anthony Brampston Esquires William Kendall Esquire Recorder John Pond Samuell Pond John Matthewes John Cockerell Thomas Horsnaile William Heckford Thomas Sizer Aldermen Hugh Browne William Carr Towne Clerke Captaine Thomas Coe Captaine Peter Robjent Thomas Hutt John Stevens John Brickwood Abell Hawes James Densheire Ezekiell Finch Thomas Stace Henry May John Straite Thomas Stevens William Coe Thomas Coe junior John Hutt William Foulgier:

For the Towne of Colchester

The Mayor and Aldermen for the time being John Eldred Recorder Samuell Reynoldf Isaac Rebow Isaac Selfe William Mott Nathaniell Lawrence Ralph Creffeild Francis Wheeler William Moore Nathaniell Lawrence junior Samuell Reynoldf junior Esquires John Harrison Doctor of Physicke John Rebow William Boyse Samuell Mott senior Abraham Hedgthome John Savill Robert Moore Jacob Fromanteel Ralph Creffeild junior Thomas Ruse Charles Richardson matthewe Scrivener Hope Gifford John Freeman Luke Talcott Gentlemen William Shelton Edmund Hickeringill Joseph Powell Clerk f Samuell Greate Gentleman:

For the Town of Harwich

The Mayor for the time being The Right Honourable Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Thomas Middleton Knight Sir Phillipp Parker Baronett Sir Thomas Davall Recorder Knight John Eldred Esquire Thomas Langley Robert Seaman John Browne Richard Thye Simon Sandford Daniell Smith Charles Smith Robert Lane Aldermen John Rolfe John Phillipps Thomas Bradshawe Henry Munt Henry Cole William Wood Thomas Langley Philipp Deane William Rudland John Deane Miles Rudland The Comon Councell Men

For the County of Gloucester

William Lord Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Beaufort Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bathe and Lord Cheife Baron of Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer Sir John Powell Knight Baron of Theire Majesties Courte of Exchequer Sir James Rushout Sir William Kite Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Guise Sir Ralph Dutton Sir Robert Jenkison Sir Francis Russell Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Robert Southwell Sir William Forester Sir Richard Cockes Sir Gabrieli Lowe Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Duncombe Colchester Sir Fleetcwood Dormer Sir John Aishfeild Sir John Fust Sir Richard Hart Sir Thomas Cann Sir Robert Atkins junior Sir Michaell Hickf James Thine Richard Dodswell Benjamin Baron Thomas Foley George Pitt Richard Freeman Charles Dowdswell John De la Beere William Lane John Parsons junior William Baygott John Carter junior Henry C.oxewell William Dewy Samuell Ilawlins Thomas Hales David Warren Danverse Hodges Henry Creswicke Nathaniell Stephens Thomas Rawlins Serjeant att Lawe Thomas Hodges Walter Eastcourt John Browneing Samuell Trotman William Kingescott William Dennis John Howe John Coxwell William Hall Robert Veisie Andrew [Parker1] George Hanger Robert Plydall Robert Oatridge Thomas Masters Richard How Thomas Horton Thomas Smith Phillipp Sheppard Nathaniell Ridler Henry Chivers Thomas Stephens Lyonell Rich Edward Stephens Joshuah Aileworth George Bond Maynard Colchester Thomas Pirke William Maddockes Walter Yate Lionell Pindar John Rogers Wayneman Wyniat George Lloyd James Michell Richard Yate Wiliam Try Thomas Chester Thomas Wise Edward Smith Richard Jones John Merideth Thomas Bournell John Dowse William Pawcefoot William Wall Thomas Browne John Parkehurst William Winter Samuell Dobbins Michaell Beale Samuell Skinner William Cooke Edward Cooke William Guise William Selwin Rowland Wood Henry Brett John Cox William Hodges Stephen Baldwin Robert Cothrington Christopher Montacue Edmund Chamberlaine senior Samuell Barker William Cluterbooke Richard Halford Richard Hains John Stafford Samuell Codrington John Nelme John Barkeley Thomas Trigg Nathaniell Pirke George Smith William Blathwaite Christopher Cole Richard Diton Jasper Chapman Edmund Madockes Samuell Halingf Charles Wind Henry' Collett ot Lincolnes Inn William Wilson Richard Hawkesworth Edward Fust Edward Webb Thomas Dawe Edward Stephens junior John Freke William Dodwell Henry Green way Phillipp Shepheard junior Nicholas Veale John Meredith Francis Woodward William Player Charles Hart William Browjie Thomas Edwardf Doctor Kimberly Charles Handcocke John Mariott Edward Foyle Henry Cope John Browne Richard Browne Thomas Wall Robert Paine Mayor of Gloucester George Hurdman William Frankcombe Thomas Stephens of Sodbury Edward Stephens of the same Thomas Walter Henry VVeare William Browne Thomas Edwardf George Web John Jacob John Bromwich William Whittington William Lawrence of Shudington Henry Cope of Icomb Thomas Bub ot Stapleton Thomas Rounge junior John Jefferyes William Probin Edward Meachin:

For the City of Gloucester:

Robert Payne Mayor Sir John Sommers Theire Majesties Attorney Generali the Recorder Sir John Powell one of the Barons of the Exchequer William Cooke Esquire Sir Duncombe Colchester Sir John Guise William Hodges John Rogers Thomas Browne John Ewans William Niccollf William Tayler Thomas Longden John Hyett Aldermen

1 Barker 0.

4 Q

334

A. />.16‘92.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

William Trye Edward Cooke John Cockes George Lloyd Thomas Powell Esquires Doctor Richard Wintle John Guise William Guise John Vyney Thomas Snell Esquires Caple Payne William Niccolls junior Sheriffes Mr Thomas Gosline Mr Henry Futter Mr Thomas Web

For the County of Hereford:

The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Thomas Lord Coningesby of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Chambers Brabazon Esquire Sir William Gregory Knight one of the Justices of Theire Majesties Courte of Kings Bench Sir John Williams Sir John Morgan Sir Herbert Croft Sir John Hoskins Baronettf Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Winnington Sir Thomas Duppa Sir John Williams Knightf William Fiennes Paul Foley Robert Harley Thomas Price John Dunton Colt Robert Price James Morgan John Arnold John Scudamore of Kenchurch Thomas Cornwall of Stapleton Esquires Thomas Geeres Serjeant att Lawe Richard Read senior Richard Read junior Robert Westfaling Thomas Cox Edward Cornwall Henry Cornwall Thomas Foley senior Thomas Foley junior John How Samuell Pitt John Booth of Letton Ferdinando Gorges Edward Littleton Charles Baldwyn Robert Dobbins William Lamb Marshall Bridges William Dantsey sen William Dantsey juii Thomas Cornewallis Robert Chaplin Herbert Aubrey Edward Jackson Ambrose Scudamore Younger Cooke James Pennoyr of the Moore Robert Minors William Winter Robert Unite John Nurse Richard Barnaby Thomas Howarth Robert Payne Sandys Lechmore Thomas Delahay Richard Kidley William Guillim of Langston senior William Guillim of Langston junior Francis Baskervile of Eardesley Thomas Wigmore John Kirle Samuell Birch John Goodyer John Salwey Thomas Harley Henry Gorges John Powell of the While James Woodhouse of Woodhouse James Wellington John Price Richard Skippe John Walsham Esquires Silas Vaughan Henry Wigmore John Abrahall of Ingeston John Scudamore of Langarran Roger Scudamore of Trecella John Carver of Upton Rowland Baugh James Lloyd of the Moore Joshua Crosse Thomas Long William Wall Thomas Berrington of Brickhouse Robert Cutler Anthony Biddolph of Ledbury Thomas Rawlins Thomas Guillim of Whitchurch John Birch William Pleydall John Trist Francis Geeres Thomas Alderne of Monington John Hoskins of Ponython William Bridges of Colwall James Westfaling John Wellington Thomas Marrett John Thompkins John Whittington Henry Jones Thomas Owen of Little Brampton Thomas Carpenter of Tillington Essex Sherburne Francis Woodhouse Humphrey Mayo John Woolrich Edward Rodd John Fletcher John Kidley junior of Fownehope John Hereford of Homlacy James Clarke John Hereford of Suffon James Walwin Daniell Kerry Peter Smith Thomas Leigh of Hill John Smith of Holmer Alban Thomas [Thomas*] Fosbrooke Humphrey Thomas Gentlemen John Holmes Esquire Giles Bridges Higden James Esquires:

i

For the City of Hereford:

The Mayor for the time being The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir William Gregory one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Paul Foley Henry Cornwall Herbert Westfaling James Wellington Esquires Robert Symondf Thomas Paynard Abraham Seward Thomas Matthewes Richard Wadely Aldermen Thomas Church Richard Poole Thomas Clarke senior Thomas Clarke junior Henry Smith Edward Rodd John Williams senior John Williams junior James Price John Abrahall Richard Gower Edmund Weaver Theophilus Aile John Smith Thomas Aldern Thomas Rodd James Westfaling Richard Philpottf Abell Isham Gentlemen:

For the Borough of Leinster.

The Bayliffes and Justices for the time being Thomas Lord Coningesby of the Kingdome of Ireland John Dutton Colt Edward Harley Esquires John Tompkins Thomas Harris John Williams John Walton James Powell John Hay Calib Powell James Winton Thomas Maningf John Powell Richard Powell William Phillips Richard Jones Richard Hodges John Jeningf Gentlemen Thomas Price Vincent Edwardf

For the County of Hertford

The Honourable Robert Cecill Esquire Sir Samuell Grimston Sir John Garrard Sir Richard Franklin Sir John Austin Sir William Cowper Sir Robert Jocelin Sir William Leman Sir Thomas Pope Blunt Sir Thomas Brograve Sir Jonathan Keate Sir John Witteronge Sir Richard Anderson Sir Edmund Anderson Sir John Read Sir Benjamin Mattox Sir Edwin Sadlier Sir Edward Turner Sir Peter Soame Baronettf Sir Humphrey Gore Sir Charles Caesar Sir Ralph Ratcliffe Sir Thomas Bide Sir William Litton Sir John Bucknall Sir Francis L-eigh Sir William Perkins Sir Robert Masham Sir Adam Otley Sir Benjamin Tichbume Sir Thomas Rolt Sir Henry Chauncy Sir Edward Desboury Knightf George Churchill Silas Titus Henry Guy Robert Austen Thomas Austen William Gore Henry Gore Ralph Freeman senior Ralph Freeman junior Robert Elwes Thomas Halsey Edward Chester John Plummer William Cowper Thomas Pope Blunt William Harvey George Munson Francis Flyer Jeremiah Hales Thomas Priestley F^squires Thomas Atkins Thomas Drax Israeli Mayo [Edward Brisco sen Edward Brisco juii*] William Brisco Thomas Aram Gilbert Hoo Keate George Hadley James Witterong James Stedman John Charlton William Emerton Thomas Emerton James Forester James Goulston Matthew Bluck William Allen Thomas Paske William Newce John Wetherhead Samuell Robinson James Willymott Thomas Stone John Gardiner Roger Conesby Marmaduke Rawden Thomas Arris Robert Robotham John Gape senior Henry Child Richard Helder John Spencer Esquires Goodwin Barrington John Methwen Joseph Marsh George Nodes Ralph Wingate Thomas Bird of Mattockes Bernard iumer Paris Slaughter John Duncomb Daniell Shelden Edward Saires Strange Jocelin

1 Francis 0.

• interlined on the Roll.

33 5

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

Edward Seymour Thomas Bownest Thomas Newland Alexander Weld Thomas Winford Anthony Farrington Serjeant att Lawe John Farrington Bacon William Bristow Phillipp Michell Esquires Daniell Michell Gent

William Calvert Felix Calvert junior Esquires Humphrey Hall Gentleman John Yardly Doctor in Physicke Edward RatclifFe Esquire Charles Ferrars Peire Williams Esquire John Robert f Marmaduke Allington William Martin of Watford Gentleman James Bennett William Lake of Wilston Gent John Leman George White John Gape junior Francis King Joshuah Lomax Thomas Lomax Richard Wooleston Thomas Nichols of Bush ey Eignon By non Thomas How John Poyner Newdigate Poyner John Coppin William Cotton Anthony Bidulph Esq^ Nicholas Turner Esquire John Richardson Esquire John Woodhouse Batchelor in Physicke Edmund Smith William Greenhili Godman Jenkins John Naseby Thomas Halfpenny John Nicholls of Pricklers Hill John Nicholls of Aldenham Henry Kingsley Richard Hasell Gentlemen Daniell Nicholl Gentleman Ralph Baldwyn Gentleman John Dinsdell Edward Hevnes Ralph Skinner George Draper Charles Rayner Richard Rayner Gentlemen The Mayor of S' Albans and Hertford for the time being:

For the Borough of St. Albans:

The Mayor Recorder and Aldermen for the time being Sir Samuell Grimston Baronett George Churchill Henry Killegrewe Thomas Arris John Gape junior Robert Robotham F^quires:

For the County of Huntingdon:

The Honourable Robert Mountague Esquire The Honourable Sidney Wortley Mountague Esquire The Honourable Richard Mountague Esquire Sir John Cotton Sir Robert Bernard Baronettf Sir Lionell Walden Sir Edmond Gardiner Knightf Charles Mountague William Pierpoint John Proby John Dryden John Conyers Silas Titus Robert Appreece Arthur Tumour Charles Cesar senior John Bigg Anthony Hammond William Naylour James Torkington John Ferrar John Pocklington Robert Pulleyn Phillipp Storey Charles Cesar junior Robert Throckmorton Charles Tryce Richard Drury Edward Pickering Henry Ashley Robert Williams Cornwallis Francis Harby Richard

Dier Charles Shepherd Esquires John Ferrar William Drury John Hanger Richard Wynde Robert Clarke John Ashcrofte Richard Hattley William Fuller James Wright Thomas Wright Edward Mason Marke Newman Thomas Gilbert John Bellamy Edward Checkley William Love Lawrence Blatt John Pulter William Sparrowe Roger Peck Thomas Tryce Jonathan Read Gilbert Faune William Wye Robert Sewster John Mason Simon Mason Thomas Mayle Robert Vinter Lawrence Tomson Robert Tomson Richard Carter Edward Hanger Thomas Barge Thomas Beete Lawrence Thompson Samuell Elliott John Johnson Edward Mason Gentlemen

For the Towne of Huntington:

The Mayor for the time being The Honourable Sidney Wortley alias Mountague The Honourable Richard Mountague Esquires Sir Lionell Walden Knight Sir Edmund Gardiner Knight John Bigg Esquire John Pocklington Esquire Richard Astrey Thomas Sawyer Joseph Darlowe George Merritt William Dowse Thomas Harris Edward Audley Phillipp Soper Gentlemen

For the County of Kent:

Anthony Lord Viscount Faulkland of the Kingdoine of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairefax Baron of Cameroon of the Kingdoine of Scotland The Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esquire Sir William Twisden Sir Charles Sidley of Southfleete Sir Thomas Robertf Sir Charles Sidley of Sl Cleare Sir Henry Palmer Sir George Rivers Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir John Knatchbull Sir Phillipp Boteler Sir Thomas Stiles Sir Bazill Dixwell Sir Stephen Leonard Sir John Rainy Sir Robert Hales Sir Humphrey Miller Sir William Honyw'ood Sir Thomas Peirce Sir John Banks Sir Nathaniell Powell Sir John Austen Sir Thomas Selyard Sir John Fagg Sir James Oxenden Knight and Baronett Sir William Swfan Sir Robert Filmore Sir John Shawe Sir John Cutler Sir Roger Twisden Sir Francis Head Sir William Cooper Sir Francis Lawley Sir George Choute Sir Thomas Taylor Sir John Mordant Sir John Letheleire Sir Jacob Astley Sir Edward Bettison Sir Michaell Biddolfe Baronettf Sir Francis Leigh Sir William Pritchard Sir John Darrell Sir George Curtis Sir Charles BickerstafFe Sir Henry Bosvill Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Robert Faunce Sir Nicholas Tooke Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir Robert Marsham Sir James Hayes Sir Joseph Williamson Sir William Langhome Sir William Hooker Sir Purbeck Temple Sir Algernoone May Knightf Colonell Beaumont Leivetenant of Dover Castle Christopher Vane Robert Smith Edward Roper Edward Hales Thomas Knatchbull William Watton Charles Amhurst Jeffery Amhurst Thomas Rider William Campion Caleb Banks John Leech Robert Lewkner Gideon De Laune John Mascall George Harlackenden Richard Bowater William Boys ol Hawkehurst William Henden Christopher Waters Edwin Steede John Bennett Colonell John Mottle of Chiselhurst Robert Austen Robert Crawford James Masters of Langden Jacob Breames Herbert Randolph John Boys John Crump William Hammond James Chadwick William Kingesley Christopher Mills William Turner Samuell Shorte William Brockman of Bitchborough William Brockman of Cheriton Thomas Moyle Thomas Papillon Francis Bathurst William De Laune James Bunce George Pettey William Selby George Polhill John Hide Major Gibbon John Cooke Robert Gibbon Thomas Osborne James Herbert Ralph Buskin John Brewer John Packer Thomas Dallison Edward Gulston William Cage Reynold Peckham William Honywood Nicholas Miller John Wilkinson Richard Godden Andrew Brewer William Ash Thomas Lake Thomas Manley George Rooke John Ady William Symmondf William Allin John. Cony Edward Cary Heneage Deereing John Chaplin Edwrard Craford Walter Hooper of Stockbury John Kenard Edinond Fowler Mountague Drake George Sayers Vice-Chamberlaine to the Queene John Le Mott Honywood William Huggessen Leonard Diggf Thomas Gomeldon ohn Sherman Christopher Deereing Gerrard

336

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.l). 16.92.

Gore Nicholas Cooke George Elcock Henry Oxenden Moses Napleton Henry Hawley Richard Oxenden Herbert Palmer Wortley Whorwood Henry Lee James Cod Robert Heathe John Evelin Edward Austin William Lambert William Wilkinson Phillipp Bartholomew George Gifford Francis Farnaby Ralph Petley William Swan John Buggens Robert Austen junior Alexander Culpeper Esquires John Thurbarne Serjeant att Lawe Vincent Denn Serjeant att Lawe Doctor Thomas Taylor Captaine Pettit of Thanett Thomas Blisse Nordish Ran Christopher Sherman Abraham Harrison Arnold King Ellis Cunliffe Robert Plott Phillipp Papillon William Henman Francis Waterman Thomas Scott Charles Bargrave William Courthope Samuell Plummer of Hollingbome William White John Crispe Roger Payne Thomas Napleton Edward Nutt Henry Marsh Thomas Brewer Thomas Washer Robert Michell Jeffery Boys Samuell Shaw John Cason Robert Beake Thomas Hales George Curteis Thomas Adrian John Fotherby Francis Barrell Thomas Selyard Christopher Allison Henry Saundys Percivall Hart Edward Maningf Edward Brent James Fortry Edward Grace Edward King Thomas Gifford Edward Bettison Edward Tooke William Randolph John Culpeper Charles Kenrick John Linch Robert Britton Thomas Marsh Thomas Meredith Humphrey Styles Richard Hulse Edward Manley Benjamin Godfrey John Bond William Turner Barnham Powell William James Captaine Tomlin Christopher Mason Esquires Thomas Nower of Ashford William Buggen Thomas Boys of Mersham Thomas Godfrey Thomas Turner The Mayor of Rochester for the [time1] being The Mayor of Maidstone for the time being Dr Hattley Benjamin Hattley John Bloome Charles Fagg George Withwick Thomas Brett William Brett Gentlemen The Jurates of Maidstone being Justices of the Peace Thomas Morris John Coppin of Deale William Dixon John Smith John Baron William Spencer Captaine Courthope George Etkins Thomas Cooke of Bobbin William Tindall Richard Symondf Francis Wheeler Charles Cesar Henry Packer Robert Minors Esquires The Mayor of Gravesend for the time being Christopher Waters William Yardley William Culpeper John Christmas Thomas Chiffinch Francis Brooks Thomas Skegg George Carter John Chapman William Watson John Matson John Smith of Lee John Skinner Garrette Gallant Richard Elay William Weaver George Peirce Robert Salmond Robert Holden of Hawkridge Samuell Wood William Reader John Brian Luke Spencer William Woodyer John Charleton Thomas Plummer Peter Short Gentlemen The Governoure of Upnoare Castle The Mayor of Queeneborough and Justices of the Peace for the time being Abraham Spooner Gentleman Doctor Robert Cony Bernard Ellis Esquires

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury

Matthias Gray Esquire Mayor Vincent Denn Esquire Serjeant att Lawe Recorder Sir William Honywood Baronett Henry Lee John Cason Edward Nutt Herbert Randolph Jeffery Boys William Turner William Courthope Esquires Thomas Taylor Doctor of Lawe John Clarke Robert Coney Doctors of Physick William Watson Gentleman Thomas Fidge Thomas Knowler Nicholas Nicholson Thomas Dunkin William Gilbert John Gnarlyn Squire Beverton Henry Gibbs Francis Jeffery Henry Waddell John Beane Aldermen:

I

For the Towne and Port of New Romney:

The Mayor for the time being Sir Charles Sidley Baronett John Brewer Esquire Mr John Hunt Mr John Mascall Mr Peter Marten Mr Richard Baker Mr John Chalker Mr William Finch Mr Peter Evans

For the Towne and Port of Hythe:

The Mayor for the time being Sir Phillipp Boteler Baronett William Brockman Esquire Captaine Robinson Bean Mr William Browne Mr Henry Deedes Mr Elias Bassett Mr Thomas Tournay:

For the Towne and Port of Dover:

The Mayor and Jurates for the time being Thomas Papilloii Esquire James Chadwick Esquire Sir Abraham Jacob Frederick de Vincke John Mattson Nicholas Cullin Phillipp Yorke Robert Jacob Abraham Stock Thomas Raworth John Forde Nathaniell Denew Gentlemen Thomas Beddingfeild Towne Clerke,

For the Towne and Port of Sandwich:

Mr Serjeant Thurbarne Edward Brent Esquires The Mayor and Jurates for the time being Richard Hawker Towne Clerke:

For the Towne of Feversham:

The Mayor for the time being Charles Kendrick Thomas Nepelton Thomas Knowles Richard Marsh Francis Waterman Joseph Ed ward f Gentlemen:

For the Towne of Tenterden:

Sir George Choute Baronett Robert Austen senior Robert Austen junior Esquires Robert Wightwicke James Skeates William Curteis The Mayor for the time being John Mantle Thomas Sharpe John Whitfeild William Finch of New Rumney Gentlemen Doctor John Clarke Peter Short Edward Short Thomas Short James Whitfeild:

For the Towne of Fordwich

The Mayor for the time being Samuell Short Esquire

1 interlined on the Roll.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

337

For the Towne of Folkeston

The Mayor for the time being Sir Bazill Dixwell Baronett Miles Jacob Thomas Fagg Gibbon Ladd William Brockman William Jenkins Robert Hammond Thomas Jenkins Nicollf [Masters:']

For the Towne of Lydd

Mr John Bateman Mr Humphrey Lee Mr William Bachelour Mr William Wing Mr William Edmundf Mr Nicholas Dye Mr John Bannowell:

For the County Palatine of Lancaster

Richard Lord Colchester Sonne and Heire Apparent of [Earle1] Rivers Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Macclesfeild The Honourable James Stanley The Honourable Fitton Gerrard The Honourable George C.holmundley Sir Charles Houghton Sir Edmund Ashton Sir Thomas Staley Sir Ralph Ashton Sir Robert Duckenfeild Sir Richard Standish Sir William Pennington Sir Henry Ashurst Baronettf Sir Edward Chisnall Sir Daniell Fleming Sir Edward Moseley Sir Thomas Rawlinson Knightf Goodwin Wharton Thomas Norris James Holt Roger Kirkby Thomas Preston Edward Fleetewood William Farrington Alexander Rigby Lawrence Rawstorne William Hilton Roger Manwaring Thomas Braddill James LightbownC John Entwistle Christopher Parker Thomas Dodd Thomas Ashurst Thomas Banks James Duckenfeild James Chetham John Hopwood Joshua Horton Joseph Yates John Warren Alexander Rigby Edward Rigby Thomas Rigby Anthony Parker Christopher Wilkinson Ralph Longworth Peter Shackerly Christopher Greenefeild Roger Kenyon Francis Lynley Peter Egerton William Hulme John Braddill William Kirkeby John Hayes Roger Moore Edward Willson Miles Sandf John Fennick Thomas Sherson Benjamin Houghton John Hodson Alexander Mawdesley Ralph Livesay Thomas Brotherson Sainuell Legay Richard Percivall Nicholas Starkey Thomas Lever Richard Entwisle Bartie Entwisle William Fleming Roger Fleming Esquires Edward Herle Mr William Fleming John Croftf Esquire Robert Clayton Barnaby Hesketh Thomas Rigby Oswald Moseley John Veale Henry Rigley Joseph Gregg William Magull Thomas Patten Thomas Serjeant of Pilkington Esquires William Patten R ' Egerton Richard Fleetewood Alexander Ratcliffe Richard

Tounley Edward Booth Peter Ormirod Thomas Rishton Ambrose Barcroft Nicholas Cunlilfe Thomas Bradshaw William Tasham John Tasham Samuell Crooke of Copetnell John Starkey Jonathan Blackbourne Thomas Willis Thomas Roughley Thomas Croft Edward Parker Samuell Hilton Edmund Horneby Richard Longworth Thomas Foster Thomas Waller Joshua Partington Thomas Smith Thomas Fife Nathaniell Molineux William Slater William Lowd John Latus Richard Ravington William Leigh John Johnson Thomas Golbome William Molineux Matthew Abraham Jeremiah Smeshurst George Derbieshiere George Golborne James Ashton Andrewe Danby John Clayton Thomas Clayton William Ashton John Sorocold John Lawnders John Molineux John I^asham Robert Carter Robert Roper John Nuttall Martin Willis Thomas Grantham Joseph Huddlestone Robert Atkinson Josiah Hird William Hutton John Widdowes John Allen John Wilme Thomas Caterall John Golburne Thomas Haywood Robert Halliwell James Holland R Fincham Richard Dickenson John Palson Thomas Wally James Norcrofte Miles

Wittacer Thomas Sudell Gentlemen John Talhad William Crosse Edward Parr of Eccleston Peter Shaw Thomas Wadrington Edward Balle Thomas Benson William Simpson John Croftf Esquires Thomas Simpson of Torisholme Thomas Golbourne senior William Patten W'illiam Mollineux James Fouldf William Tatham John Tatham Alexander Hesketh Charles Davenport Seth Clayton Esquires John Wright Jonathan Case John Heyes Nicholas Hazacherley William Benson The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Baylifff of Lancaster for the time being Charles Rigby Esquire William Penny Thomas Medcalfe John Tarleton Thomas Waller John Greenewood The Mayor Aldermen and Bayliffes of the Borough of Preston for the timp being John Ferrars Esquire Doctor Charles I^eigli Daniell Chadwickc John RobcrtC Thomas Greenefeild Roger Sudell senior Christopher Nowell The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Bayliffs for the Borough of Wigan for the time being John Biroin Edward Herle Esquires The Steward for the Borough of Newton for the time being George Leigh Leigh Bow'den The Bayliffes and Recorder for the Borough of Clithero for the time being John Lyster Arthur Ashton Robert Sclater Edmund Robinson John Webster Richard Sayer William Oddy The Mayor of Liverpoole for the time being William Clayton Thomas Tyrer Thomas Brookebanke

Aldermen Thomas Johnson senior William Preeson John Pemberton Peter Atherton John Molineux Gentlemen:

For the County of Leicester:

Thomas Lord Beaumont of the Kingdome of Ireland Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdoine of Ireland The Right Honourable Sir William Rawlinson one of the Comissioners for the Custody of the Greate Seale of England The Right Honourable Lord W'illiam Pawlett Second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton The Honourable John Noell Esquire The Honourable Robert Shirley Esquire Sir William Villers Sir Thomas Mackw'orth Sir 1 homas Hasilrige Sir George Beaumont Sir Wrilliam Halford Sir Wolston Dixey Sir Edward Hudson Sir Edward Smith Sir John Noell Sir William Ellis Sir Richard Nudigate Sir Robert Dash wood Baronettf Sir Edward Abney Sir Edward Wigley Sir Ambrose Phillipps Sir William Yorke Knightf Walter Chetwinde John Verney Thomas Boothby Richard Lyster senior John D* Lafountaine Robert Hesilrige senior St. John Bennett Charles Morris Thomas Pochen of Barkby senior George Moreton William Streete Roger Rowe Roger Smith William Coles William Bynd Matthew Johnson Clerke of the Parliament^ George Ashby John Wilson Henry Guilbert Robert Hesilrige junior William Jesson Thomas Babbinton William Hartopp Edward Wilson Edward' Hudson Edward Smith Samuell Danvers Richard Brudenall Charles Duncomb Rowland Browne Edward Conyers Palmer of Wanlipp Counsellor att Lawe John Mitton.

Edw'ard Needehani Thomas Lewis Stanhope Whaley Nathan Wright Serjeant att Lawe William Boothby Thomas

1 Master O. « the Earle of O.

4 R

338

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

Putchen junior John Bennett James Halsall Thomas Ilayes Charles Jenningf Richard Lister junior Henry Heningham Thomas Hartopp William Ashby Thomas Skefington Brome John Thomhagh Thomas Codlicoate Thomas Wilson George Putchen Henry Hastingf Christopher Pack William Faunt John Wilkins Henry Kendall William Woolaston John Major John Oneby James Armeston Thomas Chamallf Michaell Wrightson Francis Munday Thomas Abney William Rawlins senior John Steele Joseph Pochen of Thurmaston Samuell Cotton William Frank Thomas Noble Richard Bradgate Lawrence Carter William Benbridge William Herryck William Belgrave William Gervice Matthew Symondf Robert Walker William Rawlins junior Leonard Vowe Deane Everard Goodman Tyrringham

Stephens William Atkins John Coles Robert Freeman Thomas Andrcwes William Billers William Clarke of Gilmorton John Watts John Hood Jeffry Palmer Richard Watts Gentlemen Richard Cheslin Gent:

For the Borough of Leicester:

John Brookesby Esquire Mayor of the Borough of Leicester Nathan Wright Serjeant att Lawe William Frank John Major Matthew Symondf Esquires William Southwell William Deane Philip Abney John Goodall John Robertf George Bent William Bentley Joseph Cradocke William Billers William Major Thomas Palmer junior Thomas Wells John Watts John Wilkins John Bent William Sheeres Edmond Johnson William Cox John Norris Edmond Cradocke Thomas Palmer senior Thomas Lawrence William Orton and John Abney Gentlemen Sir Edward Abney Knight Lawrence Carter Esquire John Ludlam Samuell Woodland John Cracrofte Gentlemen:

For the County' of Lincolne and Citty of Lincolne and for the County of the said City:

The Right Honourable William Lord Pawlett Second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton The Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Lord Fitz Williams of the Kingdome of Ireland Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Peregrine Bertie the Elder The Honourable Charles Bertie senior The Honourable Peregrine Bertie junior The Honourable Phillipp Bertie The Honourable James Bertie The Honourable Charles Sanderson The Honourable James Sanderson The Honourable William Montague Craven Howard Sir Henry Monson Sir Thomas Hussey Sir John Brownelowe Sir John Moreton [Baronettf1] Sir Charles Orby Baronett Sir John Tvrwhitt Sir John Newton Sir George Markeham Sir John Thorold Sir Willougby Hickman Sir William Ellis Sir Richard Cust Sir Edward Hussey Sir William Buck Sir Richard Rothwell Sir Charles Ocsby Baronett Sir John Oldfeild Sir Thomas Trollopps Sir John Bolles Sir Richard Earle Sir Walter Clarges Sir Thomas Barnadiston Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Thomas Rolt Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Massingbird Sir John Sherrard Sir Thomas Skipwith Baronettf Sir Edward Aiscough Sir Withn Yorke Sir Edmund Turner Sir Michaell Wharton Sir John Thompson Sir Thomas Travell Knightf Charles Dimmock Champion Lewis Dymmock William Marwood Thomas Broughton Thomas Skipwith Thomas Lister Henry Stone Robert Riley Noah Neale Edward Payne Edward Montague John Sanders William Welby William Hide senior William Hide junior Anthony Palmer Christopher Hales Esquires Sir Pury Cust The Mayor Aldermen Recorder and Sheriffes of the City of Lincolne For the Corporacbn of Grimsby The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder For the Corporation of Boston The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Boston For the Corporacbn of Stamford The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Stamford For the Corporacbn of Grantham The Alderman of Grantham William Hascard John Robinson Edward Codington Simon Grant Robert Cole Thomas Ireland Edward Watson Thomas Cole William Clarke Thomas Crichloe Nathaniell Garthwaite Doctor Lee Gentlemen Edward Browne Joseph Fidelf Robert Harris of Kirton Edward Fawood of Gosberton John Thorney Charles Newcomen Nicholas Newcomen Tho. Johnson Richard White Henry Moutray Ralph Rugeley Gent Anthony Wingfeild Charles Halford Peregrine Bertie of Gedney Esqs The Warden of Lowth John Newton Mountague Cholmly William Brownlow Richard Winch Stephen Rothwell William Trollopp Peregrine Buck John Micklethwaite John Goodricke Samuell Ludington Esquires John Browne William Mountague Gentlemen Sir Edward Farmer Sir Robert Barkham Baronettf John Bolt John Wood Benjamine Kinge Andrew Barton Gent Gilbert Bury Esq, Peter Bird Gent Thomas Bur)' Ciprian Thometon Edward Tourney senior Edward Tourney junior David Feild Gentlemen William Chapman John Chaplin Christopher Berisford Thomas Hall Vincent Grantham Francis Grantham George Witchcott George Nevill Bryan Nevill Robert Cawderon Thomas Cowley John Harvey Esquires The Deane and Chapter of Lincolne George Fairefax Thomas Younge William Thompson John Hussey Matthew Lister Robert Rider senior Dimmocke Walpoole John Fisher John Bishopp Richard Torkley John Binder George Knight Christopher Palmer Sigismund Trafford Francis Purley Benjamine Smith Peter Shorte Robert Archer Esquires Richard Cuthbert George Newcomen Gentlemen Charles Fox Rawston Hart Charles Bates John Toller George Langton senior George Langton junior Charles Hutton Robert Fisher Francis Anderson Edmund Anderson Esquires Thomas Aiscough Gentleman John Ely Edwin Anderson Esquires John Howe John Greene junior James Ashton John Towne George Smith Johnson of Whitham Henry Jenkinson Henry Burrell Thomas Pownell High Sheriffe Ruben Sparke Esquires William Wallett William Ambler Gentlemen Martin Johnson Robert Tyrwhit Esquires Peter Mapletoft John Emerson Thomas Hamesse John Butler Gentlemen Daniell Deline Robert Sanders Adam Bland John Thorold Isaac Newton Thomas Collinson Thomas Tigh Thomas Williamson John Burton William Bonner Gent William Cotton John Appleyard Francis Aiscough Thomas Webberley John Key William Tayler of Heckington Edward Curtis Lewis Hurst William Tomlins of Riby Anthony Burton Humphrey Hide Benjamine Cuthbert William Stafford John Micklethwaite junior Edward Tourney senior Edward Tourney junior John Quincey John Garland Joseph Edmundf William Yorke Charles Fitzwilliams Sirack [Wealehead*] Robert Jenkinson Thomas Billcliffe junior Charles Beaty Thomas Hardy William Osgoodby Thomas Moore Esquires Edmund Inkersall Edmund Dickenson William Greene of Long Sutton Nathaniell Thorold Gent John Aiscough Martin Browne Henry Newstead William Marshall

* Baronett 0.

1 Weaslchcad 0.

339

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

John Neive Charles Newcomin Gentlemen Doctor Fulwood of Stamford John Evans William Long of Barton Gentlemen Francis Fane Ralph Maddinson Esquires Patricke Shore Thomas Pooles Robert Harris Edward Browne of Quadring [Henry1] Caywood Maurice Johnson Edward Austin Eusebius Morton Edward Wilby Christopher Spooner John Bryan Thory Todd William Duncomb Jonathan Gaule John Thomeby Edward Wilby Gentlemen Henry Pell Beanell Wimberly Esquires Allan Knipe Christopher Hilliard Edward Leresley Thomas Coale Robert Tirkill Dimmock of Markett Rason John Burslem William Jay William Dillimeare Henry Andrewes

of Osgerby George Jollandf Walcott of Walcott Gentlemen John Browne Esquire:

For the City of London

The Lord Mayor Aldermen and Sheriffes of the City of London (*) Sir Salathiell Lovell Knight Recorder of the City of London Sir John Sommers Knight Theire Majesties Attorney Generali Sir Thomas Trevor Knight Theire Majesties Solicitor Generali Sir Samuell Barnardiston Sir John Mordent Sir Richard Temple Sir Benjamine Ayloffe Sir Henry Ashurst Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Thomas Pope Blunt Sir Robert Rich Sir William Lemmon Baronettf Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Sir Thomas Clarges Sir James Smith Sir Benjamine Newland Sir Matthewe Andrewes Sir Thomas Vernon Sir John Matthewes Sir William Russell Sir John Lethuilier Sir Robert Adams Sir Jeremiah Sambrooke Sir Thomas Rawlinson Sir Thomas Littleton Sir John Werden Sir Robert Southwell Sir Thomas St George Sir Richard Raynes Sir Charles Hedges Sir Basill [Firebrace3] Sir Gabrieli Robertf Sir William Dodson Sir Josephe Herne Sir Edward Desbovery Sir Ralph Box Sir William Hedges Sir Stephen Evans Sir John Foche Sir Peter Paravacine Sir John Cope Sir John Browne Sir Thomas Davall Sir William Wogan Their Majesties Serjeant att Lawe Sir Rowland Aynesworth Sir Leonard Robinson Chamberlaine Sir John lies Sir Henry Furnace Thomas Papillon Thomas Fredericke Esquires Doctor Henry Newton Chancellor of London Lievetenant Collonell John Perry Thomas Westeme William Strong William Campion Esquires Nathaniell Hawes Nicholas Charleton William Hooker Jeofferye Jeofferyes John Jefferyes Charles Chamberlaine Richard Aley John Buckworth John Nichollf Arthur Champneys George Sittwell Arthur [Barton4] Charles Duncomb Daniell Sheldon Thomas Goddard William Ivatt Nathaniell Horneby John Crispe Robert Bodington Francis Gosfright Thomas Ryder Henry Hunter William Fazakerly John Flavell John West John Moore Godfrey Woodward Thomas Crane William Carpenter William Whitehall Abraham Jaggard William Lewen William Gunn Hugh Strode Robert Braburne Robert Whittingham Edward Baker John Ashby George Cole James Clement Edmund Prideaux Leivtennant Collonell Pearce Thomas Phelpe Henry Crispe Richard Bristow Samuell Trotman William Robinson Thomas Firmin Thomas Colson Thomas Pitt Gregory King Henry Dcthick Dr George Oxenden Samuell Shepheard George Bearcrofte John Blake William Edwardf John Chaney John Mould Joseph Martin George Boone Wadham Windham Samuell Somerford Peter Floyer Richard Normansell Charles Feltham Thomas Gardiner George Gooday Peter Joy William Pellett William Withers Thomas Blackmore Percivall Golborne Nicholas Chaplin John Kent John Knapp John Cooke William Falkener John Genew Francis Chamberlaine William Woodroofe John Midgeley James Oades George Newland Thomas Langham Daniell Allen William Jarrett Francis Dashwood John Freman Arthur Staveley Richard Cradock Samuell Clarke John Morrice Isaac Houblon Robert Masters Richard Acton William Warren Herbert Aylcwynn Thomas Jene Richard Yerberry Thomas Tokefeild Thomas Sanford John Johnson Peter Pickering Richard Hoare Nicholas Alexander Robert Bedingfeild Thomas Darwinn James Smith Rupert Browne James Woods James Fowles James Eaton Joseph Horneby Richard NicSolIf Robert Raworth Francis Brerewood Richard Goodall Thomas Salter Samuell Ongley Nicholas Collett Richard Edmondson George Peeke Charles Ball Richard Wynn Richard Holder John Wilcox Arthur Shallott Peter Percivall Richard Gwynn Gilbert Heathcocke Michael Godfrey John Cary George Boothe Esquires Charles Godolphyn Esquire George Nicholas Esquire Edward Jenkinson William Cole Samuell Waldoe John Harvey Captaine William Walker John Knight Henry Cornish Richard Hutchinson Charles Mountague Esquires JohnSansom Thomas Martin Robert Foster Joseph Wright Marke Stratton Anthony Turney William Founes William Johnson Thomas Spencer John Little George Carew Thomas Phipps John Ward Samuell Roysterne Philipp Papillon Edward Etrickc Richard Yerbury William Den Thomas Ernes John Travill Alexander Jacob Matthew Humberstone Nathaniell Greeves Thomas Humphrycs Samuell Locke John Grimston Robert Hookes Esquire Frederick Herne Esquire Nathaniell Heme Samuell Garrett John Bland John Hungerford James Mundy Duncan Dee Charles Thorold John Mumford John Raley Thomas Eyres James Collett Francis Thursfeild John Morgan Samuell Staneir Edward Rudge Felix Calbertf John Eure Richard Beauchampe William Stredwick Nathaniell Stourton Colonell Willett Arthur Moore John Hargrave John Oldbury John Deacle James Rufine Doctor of Physick Major Charles Wilson Thomas Westerne junior Thoms Cuddon Augustine Ballowe:

For Serjeants Inn in Fleetestreete:

Sir George Treby Lord Chiefe Justice of the Courte of Comon Pleas Lord Chiefe Baron Atkins Mr Justice Dolben Mr Justice Rookeby Mr Baron Lechmere Mr Baron Turton Mr Serjeante Tremaine Mr Serjeante Trenchard Mr Serjeant Thompson Mr Serjeante Levins Mr Serjeante Blincoe:

For Serjeants Inn in Chancery Lane:

Lord Chiefe Justice Holt Mr Justice Nevill Mr Justice Powell Mr Justice Gregory Mr Justice Eyres Mr Baron Powell Mr Serjeante Wogan Mr Serjeante George Strode Mr Serjeante Thomas Strode Treasurer Mr Serjeante Bigland Mr Serjeante Byrch Mr Serjeant Lovell Mr Serjeant Thurbame:

* for the time being 0.

9 Fircbrasse 0.

4 Barron O.

1 Hcrry O.

340

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1692.

For the Inner Temple and the Inns of Chancery thereto belonging:

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons and First Lord Comissioner for the Custody of the Greate Seale of England Sir Thomas Trevor Knight Theire Majesties Solicitor Generali William Farrer Esquire Sir Nathaniell Powell Knight Charles Holloway The Honourable Heneage Finch Thomas Farrer John Mosyer Paul Foley Edward Ward William Pettyt Anthony Bowyer Nicholas Courtenay John Hales Lancelott Johnson James Cardrow John Cooke William Tempest Esquires And the rest of the Benchers for the time being:

For the Middle Temple and the Inns of Chancery thereto belonging:

Sir John Sommers Theire Majesties Attorney Generali Sir William Whitlockc Knight one of Theire Majesties Councell learned in the Lawe Richard Wallopp Esquire And the rest of the Benchers of the said Society or any three of them:

For the County of Middlesex:

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons First Lord Comissioner for the Custody of the Create Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire Chancellor of Theire Majesties Courte of Exchequer and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell (') Lord Herbert [Marquesse1] of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent to his Grace the Duke of Beaufort The Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire and James Russell Esquire Sonnes to the Earle of Bedford Charles Lord Cheyney of the Kingdome of Scotland Anthony Lord Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Henry Lord Coleraine of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent to Charles Earle of

Macclesfeild The Right Honourable Sir William Rawlinson and Sir George Hutchins Lord? Comissioner^ for the

Custody of the Greate Seale of England Sir John Holt Knight Lord Chiefe Justice of Theire Majesties Courte of Kings Bench Sir George Treby Knight Lord Chiefe Justice of Theire Majesties Courte of Comon Pleas Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath Speaker of the House of Peeres and Lord Chiefe Baron of Theire Majesties Courte of Exchequer The Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Henry Pagett Esquire The Honourable (*) Robert Howard The Honourable Craven Howard The Honourable Edward Mountague The Honourable Henry Preistman The Honourable Thomas Newport The Honourable Peregrine Bertie The Honourable James Bertie The Honourable Charles Mountague The Honourable Robert Shirley Esquires The Coinissioners of Theire Majesties Excise for the time being The Comissioners of Theire Majesties Green Cloth for the time being The Honourable Robert Bertie Esquire Sir Charles Gerard Sir William Cooper Sir William Robertf Sir Anthony Craven Sir William Smith Sir Richard Fisher Sir Cane James Sir William Barkham Sir fhomas Pope Blount Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Henry Ashurst Sir John Banks Sir William Williams Sir Henry Marwood Sir Richard Onslowe Sir Roger Langley Sir John Cutler Sir Phillipp Carterett Sir Samuell Barnadiston Sir John Wolstenholmc Sir William Booth Sir Walter Charges Sir John Hoskins Sir James Rushout Sir John Cope Sir Walter Plumer Sir Phillipp Boteler Sir John Cope Baronettf Sir John Sommers Knight Theire Majesties Attorney Generali Sir Thomas Trevor Knight Theire Majesties Solicitor Generali Sir Thomas

Clarges Sir Thomas Bide Sir John Elwes Sir James Butler Sir Thomas Rowe Sir Richard Dowton Sir Jonathan

Raymond Sir William Hill Sir Francis Pemberton Sir Henry Johnson Sir Orlando Gee Sir Theodore Devaux Sir Thomas Kensey Sir Anthony Keck Sir Bazill [Firebrace4] Sir William Hedges Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir Charles Cotterell Sir Edward Waldo Sir Thomas Grantham Sir Purbeck Temple Sir Lacon William Child Sir Miles Cooke Sir John Francklyn Sir Adam Otteley Sir James Astrey Sir Robert Legard Sir William Perkins Sir Goddard Nelthorpe Sir Edward Abney Sir Thomas Hodgson Sir Cornwall Bradshawe Sir Michaell Heneage Sir William Ashurst Sir William Pritchard Sir William Wogan Sir Charles Umfrevile Sir John Trenchard Sir Charles Lee Sir James Smith Sir John Bucknall Sir Edmund Warcupp Sir Jeremy Sambrooke Sir Francis Child Sir Thomas Rawlinson Sir John Tremaine Sir James Etheridge Sir Francis Lee Sir Bartholomew Shore Sir Thomas Cooke Sir Thomas Lane Sir Stephen Fox Sir Robert Marsham Sir William Whitlocke Sir Michaell Wharton Sir Edward Wood Sir Robert Dacres Sir Heneage Fetherstone Sir Thomas Middleton Sir William Leman Sir Joseph Heme Sir John Hubland Sir James Tiliie Sir John Parsons Knightf Ralph Hawtrey Thomas Done and Brooke Bridges Auditors of Theire Majesties Imprest Accomptf John Phelips one of the Auditors of Theire Majesties Courte of Exchequer Charles Duncombe Henry Portman Nicholas Rayneton Joshua Galliard James Mundy William Avery John Smith Adam Andrewes Edward Harris John Walker and John Walton of Hadley John Huxley John Bathurst Thomas Austin Robert Austin William Tate William Bluck Thomas Jackson Roger Gillingham James Chadwicke William Draper John Lacey Thomas Windham Richard Atkins Robert Frampton Henry Herbert John Smith Cheeke Gerrard Edward Waldo Richard Page Thomas Franklyn John Baggf Lancelott Lake John Nicholl Thomas Napier Richard Bowater John Haley Tanner Arnold John Powell William Martin Edward Littleton William Baber Dr Gideon Hervey Edward Maplesden George Sitwell Richard Shoreditch John Stanion Roger Jenningf John Jenningf of Heese Francis Mericke John Walker of Hillingdon Henry Hawley Christopher Clytherowe Nicholas Grice John Davenporte Richard Parker Thomas Boteler Robert Beale Robert Newdigate Lancelott Johnson Henry Collins Thomas Pearshouse Richard Lugg John Crosier Jasper English Henry Reynell Thomas Wood Leonard Hamond Matthew Johnson Clerke of the Parliament^ Paul Jodrell Clerke of the Honourable House of Cdmons Daniell Prowler John Slater John Fantleroy Richard Darbysheire Edward Progers Robert Hedding William Gulston

1 Charles 0.

a interlined on the Roll.

5 Sir 0.

* Firebras O.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

341

Charles Fox Henry Barker Robert Sheffeild Thomas Hinsloe Thomas Alston Francis Brende Thomas Methold Thomas Webb Thomas Henshawe Richard Taylor Anthony Nourse Richard Woodward Robert Clarkeson Foote Onslowe Henry Lainbe Francis Barry John Loveing junior Dr Edward Chamberlainc William Underwood Dr Nicholas Staggins William Partheridge Timothy Le Noy George Tredeway Dr Thomas Hobbs Dr Nicholas Barbon Thomas Plukenett James Southerne Francis Bagshawe Hugh Smithson German Ireton John Tredenham [Edward1] Harby Ralph Bucknall Thomas Owen John Le Neve Peter Le Neve Daniell Sheldon Peter Knight Henry Hassard Richard Stephens Ralph Grange Samuell Buck Richard Milner John Milner Narcissus Lutterell Francis Twisden George Dixon William Emerton George Edwardf Carewe Guidott Edward Goldesborough Richard Price Dr John Edisbury Roger Meridith Samuell Kecke Shetn Bridges Richard Garth Bazill Herne Littleton Powell William Freeman John Hungerford John Plumer William Thursby John Cooke Thomas Winford William Tempest Richard Aston James Southaby Humphrey Etherington Francis Browne Samuell Somerford William Ettericke Edward Byde William Gulstone Albian Chare Henry Spelman Aaron Pengry John Lloyd John Dawling Richard Dyott Richard Coleing James Tissor Daniell Baker Francis Thacker Edward Noell Richard Haley Thomas Goodwin Charles Bonithon Craven Peyton Richard Holford Samuell Trotman Peter Lugg Colonell Cornewall Simon Smith Joseph Oflley Thomas Offley Erasmus Smith John Higdon John Rawlinson John Milbourne Nathaniell Hilton William Hasting^ John Hastingf John Temple Richard Adams John Bradford John Coggf John East William Whitacre Tobias Eden Thomas Brotherton Robert Pugh Isaack Foxcrofte Andrewe Phillips Thomas Medlicott Theophilus Eyton Thomas Christie John Smith Robert Dormer Humphrey Bradshawe Simon Harcourt Councellor att Lawe Simon Harcourte of the Crowne Office James Allin Thomas Hall Thomas Smith William Withers John Perry John Crosse Ralph Byde Edward Beker Francis Stanton John Gunston Roger Wood James C.arderow William Dyn William Underwood Hercules Horsey John Raymorfd Richard Craddock Richard Cheslin Captaine John Partheridge Captaine James Partheridge Isaac JHonywood Robert Hastingf William Bird senior Francis Tissen Edward Northey William Northey Arthur Bayley Hopefor Bendall Joseph Keate Peter Bourdeaux George Bohun William Johnson Thomas Worley John Cave Timothy Thombury William Thompson John Webber Abraham Bayley John Constable Matthew Bateman Joseph Blissett SamueH Twynn Nathaniell Owen John North John Ifleild George Ford William Wakelyn Henry Russell Richard Savilc Henry Dethick John Vandebend John Bourne Gabrieli Sparkes William Warr Nathaniell Mountney Thomas Grimble Captaine Joseph Stephens Paul Docminique Captaine Bateson John Woodfine Richard Knollf Thomas Wilcox Thomas Freeman Captaine John Nicholson Captaine William Snelling John Andrewes Peter Lekeux William Maynard Charles Osbourne Thomas Glover Thomas Casse junior Captaine Edward Noble Joseph Rolfe Richard Wildy Richard Awberry Edward Ambrose Edward Trotman William Lightfoote Thomas Neale Doctor Owen Wynn Joseph Offiey Robert Cecill Nicholas Carewe Fredericke Herne Gregory Page Henry Hunt Maximilian Stephens John Harris of Brumpton Robert Hardesty Daniell Short Robert Fisher Cheney Rowe Colonell Jurine George Carter Esquires Charles Hawtrey Phillipp Mitchell William Fenn Francis Ashby Henry Cave senior Henry Cave junior Richard Parkins Nathaniell Lacey Robert Burdett William Bampfeild William Webb Thomas Harris Anthony Guydott John Cannon John Bayley John Merydalc Robert Longland John Barnes Anthony Welles Ralph Clayton Simon Fuller Thomas Rudd Samuell Harwarr Bernard Turner Ralph Harwood William Pemble Gentlemen John Short John Butcher Thomas Dyose Abraham Nelson John Raynoldf Thomas Rudd Gregory King Edmund Phillipps Symon Mayne John Agar Humphrey Ayle James How Esquires John Little John Hookes Gentlemen John Vemey Arthur Moore Esquires Adam Warring Gentleman Thomas Morris Esquire John Morris Gentleman Silvester Chilcott Samuell Knowles James Host Esquires Christopher Deane James Fountaine Gentlemen Benjamine Hilton Esquire William Duncombe Captaine Den Nathaniell

Hudson Thomas Nichollf of Henden Gentlemen Daniell Nicholl Esquire Sir Thomas Mompesson Knight William Drope Gent Stephen Morris Gent Crispe Grange Joseph Sherwood John Briscoe Jonathan Nethway Colonell Robert Auston Leonard Hancock Esquire Thomas Shepway Gent Nicholas Burnell Hugh Smithson John Asby Joshua Shephard Henry Plumptree Esquire William Payne Edward Boyde Esquires William Benson Gent Charles Ferrers James Vernon Nathan Ludlow •.

For the City of Westminster and Liberties thereof I-

The Right Honourable Richard Earle of Ranelagh of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privye Councell and one of the Lords Comissioners of the Treasury The Right Honourable Sir Stephen Fox Knight one of the Lords Comissioners of the Treasury The Right Honourable Sir Edward Seymour Baronett one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell and one of the Lords Comissioners of the Treasury And the Right Honourable Charles Mountague Esquire another of the Lords Comissioners of the Treasury The Right Honourable Sir Robert Howard [Knigt1] one of Theire Majesties mast Honourable Privy Council I The Right Honourable Edward Russel Esquire one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir John Lowther of Lowther Baronett Vice-Chamberlaine to His Majestie and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Hugh Boscawen Esquire one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill William Lord Elland Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Marquesse of Halifax Edward Lord Combury Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Clarendon The Right Honourable Henry Lord Hide Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Rochester Anthony Lord Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Craven Howard Phillipp Howard Thomas Howard Peregrine Bertie Charles Bertie Bernard Granvili John Granvill Thomas Newport Henry Maynard Henry Frederick Thynn William Cheyney Esquires Sir John Lowther of White Haven Sir Samuell Grimston Sir Charles Carterett Sir Roger Langley Sir Thomas

' interlined on the Roll.

4 S

* Knight O.

342

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. &Mar. c. 1.

Littleton Sir Robert Cotten Sir Robert Pye Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Peter Colliton Sir William Honywood Sir Walter Clarges Sir Henry Marwood Sir John Cutler Baronettf Sir William Wogan Theire Majesties Serjeant att Lawe Sir John Sommers Theire Majesties Attorney Generali Sir Thomas Trevor Theire Majesties Solicitor Generali Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Onslowe Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Joseph Seymour Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir John Elwes Sir Phillipp Meadowes Sir John Nicholas Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Charles Cotterell junior Sir William Orpe Sir Christopher Wrenn Sir James Hayes Sir Humphrey Winch Sir John Trenchard Sir John Bucknall Sir Thomas Chambers Sir Thomas S'. George Sir Michaell Cole Sir Jonathan Jenningf Sir William Cooper Sir Thomas Travell Sir Robert Rich and Sir Francis Child Knightf Sir Benjamin Bathurst All the Officers of the Board of Greenecloth for Theire Majesties Houses and the Three Prothonotaries of the Court of Comon Pleas for the time being Charles Fox Henry Guy Thomas Done Brooke Bridges William Aleworth John Phelips Hugh Squire James Vernon Charles Bonithon Thomas Watkins John Parkhurst Francis Gwynn James Sheffeild Benjamin Cooleing Doctor Owen Wynn William Bridgman George Nicholas John Smith of S'. Paulf Covent Garden Foot Onslowe Thomas Cotton George Nicholas Robert Austin Esquires Walter Bridall Thomas Neale Christopher Vane Matthew Lock John Currance Edmund Ogar David Crawford William Shawe John Tully William Richard f William Blathwaite Richard Pagett Edmund Waller Francis Negus Ralph Marshall Robert Feilding John Knight John Baber John Rawkins Nicholas Fenn James Tisser Anthony Rowe Roger Gillingham Nicholas Martin William Seabrooke Edward Salisbury John Wilson Thomas Payne Richard Dalton Phillipp Farwell Guicciardine Wentworth John Packer Peter Hume Rowland Holt John Fox Charles Whitakre William Baber Matthew Johnson Clerke of the Parliamentf John Walker Paul Jodrell Clerke of the House of Comons John Squibb Benjamin Jefferyes Colonell Edward Rowse Colonell John Fitzpatricke William Poultcnay John Hastingf William Gulston Henry Preistman James Southeme Nicholas Barbon Eldred Lancelott Lee Edward Progers Thomas Hall Humphrey Hethrington Phillipp Ryley Edward Richbell John Cooke William Duncomb George Nicholas William Thursby Major Thomas Taylor Lawrence S‘. Loe Charles Chetwind Thomas Owen Ralph Bucknall Francis Knollys Henry Colt Edmund Webb John Woodhouse Henry Ludlowe Richard Garth Esquires Martin Lister John Ratcliffe Doctor of Physicke Leonard Plucknett Gentleman Bartholomew Phillingham Charles Twitty William Lowridf Robert Squibb Thomas Wymondesold Humphrey Masten John Spicer John Lowe Bartholomew Burton John Peters Robert Knott John Creed John Milner Richard Milner John Roydhouse Edmund Woodruff John Cleare John Smalbone Nehemiah Arnold Richard Ryder Gerrard Cotter Captaine John Taylder Captaine Richard Crispe Captaine John Partridge Thomas Templeman of S*. Martins in the Fieldf Major Henry New Morrice Hunt James Chace Joshua Drayner George Cooper John Haynes John Lugg Richard Wheeler Richard Lassellf Charles Rampaigne Ralph Hutchinson Marke Lawne Richard Fitzgerald Charles Knott John Clayton John Worley Edmond Yeomans Richard Cooper John Rossihgton Matthias Cooper Richard Petty John Martin William Greene Richard Heybourne Erasmus Dryden Thomas Browne Richard [Owen1] John England John Bolt Richard Stephens Augustine Beare Peter Levigne Francis Chapman William Greenway Anthony Cratchrode Michaell Miles James Supple John Blundell John Angier John Stone Robert Stone George Raynton Richard Miller Thomas Morgan Richard Hutton Rowland Greenwood Jacques Wiseman Thomas Thoroton Henry Robins George Meggott Esquires John Banckoft Gentleman Bridgman Thomas Jones Cocke

of Longacre James Butterby Thomas Mansell Thomas Ryder William Blackeller Thomas Crosse Moses Porter Phineas Andrewes William Willis Tanner Arnold Richard Topham Anthony Segar Samuell Brewster James Frontine Thomas Railton Morrice Emmett Gyles Burrowes William Stone Robert Butler Gilbert Herring John Kemp James Frankf Samuell Pecocke Nicholas Pickering Thomas Tuckey Nicholas Collins Nicholas Freeman Mordet Creherode James Cunningham Thomas Harrison Crispe Grainge John De-sheere Thomas Browne Nathaniell Hilton John Hastingf Joseph Biscoe John Bradford William Whitaker Anthony Withers Christopher Deane Henry Jones Edmund Godwin Edmund Fuller Alexander Mann John Martin Benjamin Bayles Thomas Sutton Thomas Gratwicke Nicholas Spaulton Charles Peter Francis 1 hacker Francis Colley Richard Barrowe Gilbert IJrwin Gilbert Wharton Charles Dranfeild John Tisser John Smith of Beauford Buildings Gentlemen John Tredenham Richard Coleing John Penhalle Esquires James Smith Cheeke Jerrard Hugh Chudley Robert Yard Gentlemen Samuell Prior Sir Robert Grosvenor Baronett Sir Peter Vandeputt Albion Chare Dr William Stockham Dr James Welwood Thomas Dyose William Baber John Hungerford Esquires Abraham Skinner John Reynoldf Michaell Corry Gentlemen Reynold Marriott Esquire James Gibbon Gentleman Henry Cornwall Esquire William Hooker John Fitts Esquires Peter Hall Isaack Terrett Edward Wroth Esquires Thomas Harrison William Jacombe William Warder Robert Breedon Henry Jones Gentlemen Joseph Sherwood William Churchill John Price Edward Johnes Charles Ballett senior [Edward1] Morton;.

0

For the Society of Greyes Inn and the Inns of Chancery thereto belonging

Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Sir John Otway Knight George Gifford Samuell Buck Charles Pigeon Warner South Ralph Cooke Martin Fowkes Thomas Carter Thomas Owen John Brewer Richard Vaughan Roger Fenwickc Christopher Musgrave Danieli Bedingfeild Narcissus Lutterell William Clarke Robert Burdett Esquires

For Lincolnes Inn and the Inns of Chancery thereto belonging

Sir William Yorke Knight Sir James Boteler Knight Sir Thomas Powis Knight Luke Astry Thomas Jones Edward Byde William Dobbins James Whitronge Granado Pigott Theodore Bathurste Robert Price Thomas Windham John Hungerford Esquires Henry Fleming Gentleman and John Hill Gentleman

interlined on the Roll.

1 Thomas 0.

A.D. 1692.

.'343

4° Gul. &Mar. c.l.

For the County of Monmouth '•

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Ileire Apparent of his Grace the Duke of Beauford Sir Charles Kemeys Baronett Sir John Williams Baronett Sir John Morgan Baronett Sir Rowland Gwyn Knight Sir Humphrey Mackworth Knight Sir James Herbert Knight Thomas Morgan of Tredegar Esquires Henry Probert John Arnold Charles Van John Howe Thomas Morgan of Llanrumney John Morgan of Tredegar Lewis Morgan of Machen Charles Price of Llanfoist Edmund Morgan Richard Lester Hopton Williams Henry Morgan of Bednelty Roger Cates Edward Jones of Buckland George Kemeys of Lanvair Edward Perkins Thomas Jones of Uske George Lewis of Penhowe John Floyer Charles Hughes Charles Morgan of Tredegar John Morgan of Machen Nicholas Arnold James Morgan of Llandilo John Walters of Peirsheild Capell Hambery Robert Gunter Christopher Price Rodericke Gwyn David Morgan John Scudamore Edward Kemeys Henry Tompkin James Morgan of Hereford Richard Robertf Charles Milbourne of Winisto John Harres Nicholas Parker Matthew Powell Esquires Thomas Evans Gent Walter Williams Gent The Mayor of Monmouth for the time being The Mayor of Newport for the time being The Portreeve of Uske for the time being The Bayliffe of Abergaveny for the time being John Morgan of Llanthowy Walter Baker Esquire Thomas Williams Morgan Chambers William Blethin of Dinnam John Lewis of Ifton Hill Charles Williams Nehemiah Williams John Morgan Lewis Morgan of Newporte Charles Morgan of Lanfore John Ketchiney Matthias Bird Walter Aldy Robert Jones John Morgan of Winisto William Blethin of Llanmellin John Cragg of Uske Theophilus Reynold Walter Cecill Roger Williams John Harris of Abergaveny William Powell of I'ullhall Francis Williams Morgan Thomas John Watkins Trevor Merricke William Evans senior William Price John Gwilliam Francis Prichard Michaell Bohune Doctor John Jones Chancellor of Landaff Mr L Lister junior

Mr Phillipp Morgan John Prichard of Campson Sheldon Powell Ezra Waters Hugh Harres William Sayse Charles Jones of Magar Henry Occold James Springett Henry Lewis of Treleack Charles Griffith Thomas Gwillim John Scudamore of Tredaughan Walter Fortune of Monmouth George Kemeys of Llavenmabley John Walters of St Brides Charles Milbome of Winisto junior David Thomas of Abergaveny Roger Kemeys George Bonnett John Lewis of Landillo Thomas Williams John Philpott Henry Gabb Gent James Morgan of Abergavenny Thomas Edwardf George Morgan Peregrine Lewis Thomas Evans Gent Henry Probert junior Charles Probert Captaine Henry Rumsey John Peirson Phillipp Morgan John Smith of Lantharnham Gent

For the County of Norfolk

The Right Honourable Henry' Lord C.olraine of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Robert Bacon Sir Henry Hobart Sir John Wodehouse Sir John Mordant Sir Robert Drury Sir John Holland Sir Augustine Palgrave Sir John Pettus Sir Robert Kemp Sir Roger Potts Sir Jacob Astley Sir Thomas Ward Sir Charles Adams Sir Thomas Elare Sir Nicholas Garrard Sir William Cooke Sir Edmund Doyley Sir Peter Gleane Sir Edmund Bacon Baronettf Sir Neville Catlyn Sir Francis Guybon Sir William Rant Sir John Turner Sir Cirill Wich Sir Edward Chisenhall Sir Robert Clayton Sir Thomas Rawlinson Knightf Thomas Knevytt Robert Walpoole Richard Berney John I larboard Edmund Wodehouse John Wodehouse Ash Windham Phillipp Astley James Host John Herne Charles Le Grosse John Knevytt Denzill Onslowe Robert Suckling Phillipp Bedingfeild Erasmus Earle Robert Coney John Norris Daniell Bedingfeild George England Isaac Preston Robert Davy John Mingay Arthur Branthwaite Joacini Matthcwes Robert BritifFe Esquires Ralph Hare Robert Gooth Maurice Kendall Leonard Shapes John Repps John Houghton Anthony Freston Oliver Neve Thomagh Gurdon Samuel 1 Fuller Thomas Blowfeild Hugh Bokenham Henry Goldwell John Thurston Roger Castle John Birken Augustine Briggf Glover Denny William Branthwaite Doctor Pepper James Hoste Gabrieli Armiger Christopher Crowe Riches Browne Henry Negus John Warkhouse Robert Wilson Edward Wilson Edmund Britiffe Hatton Berners Robert Day John Ayde Clement Herne William Oldfeild Thomas Townshend Mundeford Spelman Thomas Browne John Page James Ward Francis Long Thomas Pierson Nathaniell Symondf Edward Soame John Jaye Edmund Lambe Thomas Wright Thomas Bulwer John Cropley John Richmond James Hobart Robert Wardell James Scambler Henry Oxburgh William Stone Pcircey Freake Francis Gardiner Brig Fountaine Thomas England Benjamin England Gascoine Weld Francis Thorisbie Edward Osborne Gardiner Hewitt Israeli Long George Vernon Thomas Sanders Thomas Rant Richard Ferrier William Sidley Sigismund TrafFord Esquires Robert Jermy Jonathan Symondf John Fowles Charles Turner junior Robert Herne Edward L'Strange Clement Gooch Francis Negus Richard Carter John Brewster Robert Doughly Robert London Thomas Talbott Robert Stileman Francis Dusgate Roger Jenningf John Castle Edward Bulwer Thomas Baysepole Thomas Crick Brograve

Benjamin Dethick Edward Barnes Phillipp Vincent Edmund Anguish Humphrey Rant John Blenerhassett Waller Bacon Nicholas Helwis James Tenant Thomas Newman Edward Earle Christopher Layer Robert Fiske Francis Neve Charles Barnewell William Stafford Leonard Shapes Robert Snell Edward Knightf Thomas Browne Robert Horner William Hunt Peter Wilson Edward Lombe Thomas Cropley Guy Chapman Fuller Gentf Roger Jenningf junior Ralph Peirson John Marryott Gregory Davis Esquires

For the City and County of the City of Norwich

Michaell Beverley Esquire Mayor Robert Davy Esquire Recorder Arthur Branthwaite Esquire Steward Thomas Blofeild Esquire Hugh Bockenham Esquire the two Sheriffes for the time being Thomas Wisse Robert Bendish Robert Freeman John Low Nicholas Helwys Francis Gardiner William Salter Philip Stebbing John Wrench Thomas Cooke Jeremy Vinn Esquires Robert Cooke Augustine Briggs Nicholas Bickerdike John Ward William Guybon Samuell Warkehouse Thomas Postle Lawrence Goodwyn Thomas Turner John Freeman Aldermen Doctor Fairfax Deane of Norwich Doctor Prideaux Doctor Pepper Thomas Townesend Esquire John Mingay Esquire Thomas Bacon Esquire John Barnham John Dersley John Mackerele Roger Salter Gent

344

A. I). 16.92.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

For the Borough of Greate Yarmouth

The Baylifff for the time being George England Esquire Recorder Samuell Fuller Esquire Peter Caulier Thomas England Benjamine England John Robins Thomas Bradford John Ferrier Nathaniell Symondf Thomas Godfrey John Gay ford Gabrieli Ward John Andrewes Anthony Ellis senior Richard Ferrier Robert Bernard Thomas Lovell Henry Thompson Anthony Ellis junior John Gunnell Joseph Cottman Benjamine Engle Robert Baker John Carlow Aldermen John Burton senior Thomas Ellis

For the Borough of Kings Lynn‘.«

The Mayor for the time being Sir John Turner Daniell Bedingfeild Recorder Benjamine Holly Giles Bridgeman John Kidd Edmund Hooke Benjamin Keen Robert Sparrow Cyprian Anderson Henry Frammingham Henry Bell Charles Turner senior William Holly

For the Borough of Thetford "•

Sir John Holland Baronett Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Francis Guybon Baptist May John Thruston William Cropley Wormeley Hethercett Charles Wright Thomas Wright Maurice Kendall John Draper Robert Caudle Edmund Winwood Thomas Smith Esquires

For the County of Northampton /

The Right Honourable Thomas Wharton Esquire Comptroller of Theire Majesties Houshold Sir S' Andrewe S*. John Baronett John Parkhurst Esquire Sir Thomas Samuell Baronett Sir William Langham Knigt William Brownelowe Esquire Gilbert Dolben Esquire Thomas Andrewes Esquire The Honourable Henry Mordant Esquire John Blencoe Serjeant att Lawe The Right Honourable Lionell Lord Huntingtowre of the Kingdome of Scotland The Honourable William Mountaguc Esquire Sir Justinian Isham Baronett Sir Erasmus Norwich Baronett Sir James Robinson Baronett Sir John Holman Baronett Sir Benjamin Bathurst Knight Sir Salathiell Lovell Knight Christopher Jefferyes Esquire Charles Kirkham Esquire Arthur Brooke Esquire Thomas Maidwell Esquire Robert Barton Gentf Francis Arundell Esquire High SherifTe of the County of Northampton Francis Crane Esquire Horatio More Esquire Thomas Jenningf Esquire Samuell Rolt Gent Henry Benson Esquire Richard Bottelar senior Esquire John Combs Esquire William Adams of Charwelton Esquire John Winston Esquire Edmund Bromwrich Esquire Thomas Breton Gent Sir William Craven Knight Sir Roger Cave Baronett William Bateman Gent Edward Latkins Esquire Thomas Woodward Gent John Bridges John Weaver William Fleetewood Thomas Mulso Thomas Catesby William Wilmore Esquires Mayor of Higham Ferrers for the time being Sir Rice Rudd Baronett Thomas Ekins William Botelere Francis Harby William Elmes Thomas Trist Esquires Hatton Comton Jacob Dancer Gent Henry Rushton Thomas Cartwright Richard Rainsford Gerrard Gore Robert Breton Henry Bacon Robert Haslerig Thomas Pemberton John Botry Esquires Daniell Danvers Doctor in Physicke Sir John Pickering Baronett Sir Matthew Dudley Baronett Jeffery Palmer of Stoke Dooley Esquire The Honourable Sidney Wortley alias Mountague Esquire The Right Honourable William Lord Fitz Williams of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Charles Bertie Noah Neal Henry Neale John Royley William Clarke John Pemberton John Dickenson Esquires John Carrier Thomas Deacon Robert Newcomb Roger Pemberton Thomas Lowry Charles Parker John Ash Edward Saunders Gentlemen John Clendon Bernard Walcott Thomas Colthurst Esquires Matthew Orlibeare Gentf Francis Lane John Creed Andrewe Lant Charles Middleton Robert Mansell Moses Bathurst Esquires Matthew Skinner Doctor in Physick Robert Skinner Esquire Sir Robert Dryden Baronett William L'Isle Charles Howr Robert Dormer Samuell Trist Esquires John Bagshaw John Creswell John Woodhall Charles Fox Esquires Ambrose Holbech Gente Francis S'. John Esquire The Mayor of Brackley for the time being Robert Frewin Gentf Joseph Haines Francis Morgan George Kendricke Edward Stratford William Thursby Sir John Briscoe Knight Harvy Ekins Richard Lockwood Christopher Mountague Esquires Henry Farmer Henry Edmondf William Tate Tobias Chauncey Francis Woodhall Samuell Tryon Thomas Jackson Esquires John Hodges of Sougrave Thornton senior of Brockhall

For the Towne of Northampton

The Mayor of Northampton for the time being Robert Hasilrig Gerrard Gore Robert Breton Richard Willoughby Esquires John Knig[h']t Gentleman John Selby John Brayfeild Robert Ives William Ellce Thomas Chadwicke John Clarke senior Robert Styles Theophilus Wishton William Wallis Daniell Herbert Thomas Whithorn:

For the County of Northumberland:

The Honourable Charles Mountague The Honourable Ralph Grey Sir Ralph Delavall Sir John Heron Sir Thomas Loraine Sir Robert Eden Sir Edward Blackett Sir William Blackett Sir Francis Liddell Baronettf Sir Ralph Jenninson Sir Richard [Node*] Sir Francis Blake Sir Orlando Gee Knightf* William Forster Philip Bickerstaffe Roger Fenwicke Samuell Ogle Thomas Forster John Shaftoe John Salkeiid Robert Mitford of Sighill Thomas Forster of Comhill Thomas Collingwood 'Thomas Beach John Blakiston John Hindmers Robert Bewick John Carnaby William Strother of Foberry William Ogle William Carr Michaell Weldon Henry Holmes Charles Howrard Robert Mitford of Mitford Syrtis Swineburne Esquires William Taylor Joseph Carr Patricius Crowe William Reaveley George Delavall Thomas Blcnkichip Robert Hebbume John Bacon John Blackett John Addison

interlined on the Roll.

* Neilc O.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

345

Robert Lawson Thomas Algood Robert Shastoe Esquires Robert Lisle John Procter Richard Forster John Coulton Samuell Salkeild William Ramsey of Brinkbume William Strother of Grindon Rigg Francis Forster Henry Collingwood John Gray The Baylifff of Morpeth for the time being Robert Fenwicke Ralph Gray of Backworth George Lawson John Fenwicke Ralph Brandling Gilbert Parke George Wilcon Ralph Anderson William Peirson Thomas Gray John Story John Rogers Thomas Burrell Robert Lisle of Hasell Samuell Wilson Robert Fenwicke of Hexham Lancelott Algood John Armestronge Anthony Sharpe John Carr William Peirson Richard Mowbray Gentlemen

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon-Tyne

The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Sheriffe for the tyme being Timothy Davison Esquire John Blackington Esquire Joseph Carr Esquire Thomas Bewicke Esquire Anthony Isaackson Esquire Joseph Atkinson Esquire Benjamin Davison Esquire

For the Towne of Berwick upon Tweed '•

Sir Francis Blake Knight Samuell Ogle Esquire William Carr Esquire Rupert Billing[s*]ly Esquire Edward Nealson Esquire Mayor John Luck Thomas Watson Anthony Compton Esquire John Pratt Esquire Stephen Jackson Esquire Ephraim Nealson Esquire Robert Watson William Scott John Johnson Edward Ord Arthur Edmeston Cuthbert Brady Robert Simpson Ralph Archbold John Stanton Lisly Foreside senior Joseph Rosden James Watson John Scott [junior *] William Lawson Robert Rodham John Wilkin Robert Donkin Gentlemen

For the County of Nottingham

The Right Honourable William Lord Elland Sonne and Heire apparent of the Marquesse of Halifax The Right Honourable Patricius Viscount Chaworth of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Anchitel Grey Esquire The Honourable William Byron Esquire Sir Thomas Willoughby Sir Thomas Parkins Baronettf Sir Scroope How Sir William Stanhope Knightf Francis Pierpont Robert Sacheverell Richard Mansfeild Thomas Lewes William Williams Charles Hutchinson Henry Plumtree Philip Sherrard Esquires Thomas Mansfeild John Kerchevile Jeffery Brocke senior John Storey William Wollhouse Scrimsheire of Cotgrave Richard Jeanes Henry [Bambridge3]

Thomas Sharpe Robert Hacker Gentlemen Arthur Warren Gervas Pigott Richard Slater James Farewell Thomas Charlton Thomas Manley George Gregory Beaumont Perkins Christopher Rolleston Gilbert Millington Robert Sherbrooke William Burnell Esquires Sir Francis Molyneux Baronett Charles Stanhope Darcy Molyneux John Digby William Pinckney William Brownlow Thomas Newdigate Cecill Cooper Nicholson of Mamham

Esq^ Thomas Bristow John Strey Peter Broughton senior Henry Sherbrooke Gentlemen Richard Neale John Neale John Chappell Hugh Baskervile Richard Burbidge Gentlemen Francis Sandys John Knight John Thomhagh John White Gervas Eyre Francis Stringer Thomas Hewytt Richard Taylor Edward Melish John Clerkson John Reyner Richard Lloyd William Simpson Esquires Edward Southworth senior Doctor Cromwell Thomas Sherbrooke John Grundy Gentlemen Jeremy Halfehide Gente Jermaine Jcrton Gentf The Mayor of Newarke for the time being The Six senior Aldermen for the time being Doctor Yarborough Samuell Ellis Timothy Ellis Snell Gentlemen

William Clay The Bayliffes of Retford for the time being William Lane Esquire [DaniellDunston James Mason William Booth Bunby Aldermen James Lane Gentleman '•

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham

The Mayor and Aldermen for the time being Francis Pierrepont James Farewell Richard Mansfeild George Gregory Esquires George Langford Charles Harvey John Hawkins Thomas Collins John Crispe Joseph Turpin John Hides John Sherwin Francis Salmon Gentlemen I*

For the County of Oxford

Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Robert Lord Viscount Tiviott of the Kingdome of Scotland Montague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent to James Earle of Abingdon The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Chancellor of the Exchequer one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell The Honourable Henry Bertie Esquire Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Cope (*) Sir William Glynne Sir Edmund Fettiplace Sir Lacy Osbaldiston Sir Robert Dash wood Sir John Holman Sir Thomas Littleton Sir John Doyley Sir Thomas Cobb Sir James Chamberlaine Sir William Rich Sir Robert Barkham Sir Ralph Dutton Sir Henry Ashurst Baronettf Sir Richard Temple Sir Edward Hungerford Sir Henry Fane Knightf of the Bath Sir Edward Norris Sir Timothy Tyrrell Sir Thomas Tipping Sir James Hayes Sir Thomas Clayton Sir Thomas Row Sir Sebastian Smith Sir William Whitlock Sir Edmund Warcupp Knightf Anthony Hungerford Thomas Tipping Richard Libb Edward Barry John Stone Carlton Stone John Hampden George Alnutt Henry Alnutt Francis Clarke William Lenthall John Dormer George Chamberlaine William Gannock Thomas Hoard William Bayly John Crooke Harry Cole Henry Heylyn Robert Perrott James Perrott Richard Powell William Pudsey Robert Sheppard Thomas Coghill Henry Hall John Wallis Adam Springall Robert Jenningf Thomas Brightam Simon Harcourt Thomas Wheate Robert Mayott Alexander Denton Edmund Goodier Joseph Rawlinson Simon Horwood a Deane Charles Holloway John West William Oackley Ralph Holt Humphrey Wickham John Gunn Lenthall Trotman John Bray John Danvers Nathan Knight Sunnibanke Veysay Roger Price Thomas Woodhall William Sacheverell Henry Peacock

» interlined on the Roll. e the younger 0. Bambrigg 0.

4 William 0. Sir Fairmedon Penniston Sir William Walter 0.

A.D. 16*92.

346'

4° Gul. & Mar. jc. 1.

Samuell Trotman Thomas Crisp of Darnford George 'l'ipping of Draycolt James Herbert Will Tipping of Ewelme Richard Bridoake William Blake Francis Norris John Nurse James Paul Henry Fairfax Robert Skinner Edmund Woodward Overbury Whitlock John Machell Richard Hawkins Esquires Bartholomew Harris John Parsons George Woodward John Wickham Gregory of Horley George Cave John Car)' Thomas Rowney Richard

Taylor of Wilscott Francis Knapp Robert Parsons Henry Streete Henry Stephens Thomas Carter Gilbert Jackson John Hickford Francis Greeneway Richard Eyans Anthony Eyans Thomas Greenwood Thomas Napier Richard Thompson Nicholas Busby John Hawkins of Milton Sutton Coghill John Coghill Martyn May John Wheeler John Crispe Lawrence Lord John Crockett John Dodwell John Wise of Drayton John Smith Giles Diston Thomas Rolls Richard Croke Richard Blackhall George Gooding of Latchford John Moreton Robert Standart Bezaliell Knight John Coker Thomas Jordan Thomas Abell of Whitney John Winlow Edward Whistler of Gathampton Thomas Turner Richard Mayott Ralph Whistler senior Ralph Whistler junior John Lydall Francis Drake Gentlemen Henry Ayleworth Henry Beeson Doctors in Lawe Dr Henry Morris Arthur Warren Esquire The Mayor Aldermen and Towne Clerke of Woodstock for the time being The Mayor Steward Aldermen Recorder and Towne-Clerke of Banbury for the time being The Warden of Henley for the time being The Bayliffes of Chipping Norton Burford and Witnessfor the time being Charles Holt Thomas Horwood John Dormer of Rousham Cobb

of Adderbury Henry Ashurst Esquires Job Nutt Gentleman

For the University of Oxford

Dr Henry Aldrich Deane of Christ-C.hurch and Vice-Chancellor The Honourable Heneage Finch Esquire William Leopold Finch Warden of All-Soules Colledge Sir Thomas Clarges (') Dr Henry Beeston Warden of New-Colledge Dr William Levinz President of S*. Johns Colledg Dr. Timothy Halton Provost of Queenes Colledge Dr. William Jane the Divinity Professor Dr. William Levett Principall of Magdalen Hall Dr. John Hammond Dr. Ralph Bathurst President of Trinity Colledge Dr. Thomas Turner President of Corpus-Christi Colledge Dr. Thomas Bowchier Dr. Richard Lydall Doctor Jonathan Edwardf Principall of Jesus Colledge Dr. Roger Mauder Master of Baliol Colledge Dr. Fitz-herbert Adams Rector of Lincolne Colledge Dr Arthur Charlett Master of Universitye Colledge Dr Thomas Bayly Principall of New Inn Hall The Proctors for the time Mr Benjamin Cooper Thomas Rowny senior Thomas Rowny junior John Fulke Theophilus Poynter William Taylor George Thompson Jacob Robart

For the City of Oxford:

The Mayor of the City of Oxford for the time being Montague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Abingdon The Honoble Henry Bertie Esquire Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir Robert Doyly Sir Robert Dashwood Sir Henry Ashurst Baronetts Sir Edward Norris Sir Edmund Warcupp Sir William Walker Sir Sebastian Smith Sir Robert Harrison Knightf John Townesend Thomas Eustace Richard Hawkins Aldermen William Wright Esquire Recorder Charles Holloway Thomas Carter John Hawkins Esquires Anthony Eyans Tobias Browne John Bowel I Edward Combes Thomas Hunsden Richard Carter Henry White John Croney Charles Harris Richard Clarke Gentlemen The Baylifff for the time being Edward Prince Gente Towne-Clerke Edward [Porter*] Gente Mr. Thomas Adams Confecctiner Mr.-Sampson Rawlins Mr Alexander Wright [•

For the County of Rutland

The Right Honourable Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Noell Esquire The Honourable Philip Sherrard Esquire Sir Thomas Mackworth Baronett Sir Thomas Barker Baronett William Palmes Esquire Bennett Sherard Esquire John Verney Esquire Eusebius Boswell Charles HaH'ord Edward Horsman John Browne Robert Mackworth Edward Browne Cornelius Burton Anthony Palmer Clement Breton Armine Bullingham John Weever Edward Fawkner Richard Halford Charles Tyrrell Wellesbomc Sill Thomas Marsh Richard Snow Christopher Cleatheroe Esquires Richard Matthew Andrew Burton John Baker William Rice Gentlemen

For the County of Salop.

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons and First Lord Comissioner of the Greate Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privye Councell The Right Honourable Charles Lord Brandon Sonne and Heire Apparent of the Right Honourable Charles Earle of Macklesfeild The Honourable Richard Newport and Andrew Newport Esquires Sir Henry Littleton Sir John Leveson Gower Sir William Whitmore Sir Humphrey Briggf Sir John Corbett Sir Francis Lauley Sir Uvedal Corbett Sir Edward Acton Sir Richard Middleton Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Job Charleton Sir Thomas Woolrich Sir William Williams Sir Francis Edwardf Sir Edward Laighton Baronettf Sir Thomas Travell Sir William Lacon Child Sir Adam Oatley Sir Robert Owen Sir William Forrester Sir Henry Gough Knightf service Pierpoint William Fowler Francis Charleton of Apley John Charleton Arthur Maynewaring Richard Leister Edward Kinaston of Oatley Edward Kinaston of Hordley John Kinaston Francis Prince Henry Herbert Francis Herbert Edward Owen of Cundover George Weld William Oakeley Robert Corbett Thomas Rock John Coates Charles Coates Richard Moore Walter Waring Charles Baldwynne Robert Cresset Robert Owen Roger Pope senior Roger Pope junior Richard Cresswell John Lacon Thomas Oatley Master Serjeant Powis Henry Newton Francis Charleton of Whiton Thomas Cornwall Bartholomew Lutley Philip Luttley Thomas Hanmer Henry Davenport Eldred Lancellott 1

1 Knight 0.

* Potter 0.

A.D. 169Q.

347

4° Gul. <S: Mar. c. 1.

Lee Thomas Langley Robert Harley Thomas Child Thomas Spratt William Williams Master Gough of the Marsh John Thomas John Huxley John Chetwynd Edward Kery Orlando Nicholas Richard Mitton Edward Vaughan Edward Clud Edward Kynnersley Rowland Hunt Thomas Corbett Jonathan Langley Thomas Leister junior Thomas Edwardf Richard Corbett Rol>ert Clowes William Gower John Talieurc Thomas Burton Thomas Smallman Soudley Eyton Robert Pigett Thomas Pigett William Young Thomas Wingfeild Thomas Mackworth John Edwardf of Rorington John Powell Thomas Powell of Parke John Waiter Francis Barkley Arthur Weaver James Grove Thomas Jobber Robert Lloyd Henry Mitton William Hayward Edward Barrett Edward Jcnningf Edward Whitchcott Edward Owen of Pulley William Jones Thomas Barnes Thomas Jones Ralph Browne Thomas Sandford Stephen Downes Esquires Job Walker Edward Donne junior Thomas Severne Roger Trevor William Adams senior William Adams junior The Mayor of Salop for the time being The Baylifff of Bridgenorth for the time being The Baylifff of Bishops Castle for the time being The Baylifff of Wenlocke for the time being The Mayor of Oswestry for the time being John Hill Richard Hosier Buckley Mackworth Richard Salter Edward Gosnell Jonathan Scott Collins Wooldridge Richard Muckleston junior Robert Wood Thomas Owen Charles Kynaston Simon Hanmer Gentlemen Cole of Salop Edward Littleton Richard Higgons John Williams Gabrieli

Wood Esquires Rowland Bough Robert Gorton John Edwardf of Nesse William Leek Thomas Acton Richard Betton Arthur Devereux Adam Wareing John Walcott junior William Grossvenor Richard Jenkins Samuell Boudler of Arlscott John Langley of the Amies Thomas Crumpton Lancelott Stephens John Mason of Muchwenlock John Atkinson Doctor of Physick Doctor Pigoit Timothy Hassall William Hammond of Bridgenorth Samuell Sandford George Chambre Jonathan Wingfeild George Walker William Kynaston Edward Kettleby junior Shepard of Bitterly Francis Roycott Richard Rydley Robert Smith John Fowler Thomas Mason Charles Mason Thomas Hinkes William Bridgen Richard Walker Richard Deves Thomas Weckstead of Bridgenorth Richard Bradley Alexander Middleton Edward Matthewes John Flemming Humphrey Owen Samuell Hunt Arthur Tongue John Clarke Richard Jenkes of Droyton Gentlemen Thomas Jones Councellor att Lawe Richard Staynors Thomas Howell junior John Tranter Gentlemen Thomas Powell of Osbarston Charles Charlton Jeremiah Browne Stephen Downes Thomas Rogers John Morris Mr Madlicott of Madlicott George Hudson Samuell Langley of Browsley

For the Towne of Ludlow

The Baylifff Recorder and Aldermen for the time being Sir Job Charlton Francis Lloyd Est^ Recorder Francis Charleton of Whitten Sir Walter Williams Baronett Francis Herbert Esquire Silas Titus Esquire Job Walker Esquire Matthew Price Richard Stedman Edward Littleton William Gower Richard Higgens of Stinton John Atkinson Doctor of Phisicke Esquires Bayiie Dottor of Physicke Valentine Dawes Thomas Lea John

Stead John Beeston Samuell Boudler Thomas Sabery John Acton Gentlemen

For the County of Somersett

John Lord Fitzharding of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Edward Seymour Sir John Sydenham Sir John Smith Sir Thomas Wroth Sir Edward Wyndham Sir John Trevilian Sir Halswell Tynt Sir Francis Warr Sir John Morton Sir John Saint Barb Sir William Canne Baronettf Sir Edward Philips Sir Thomas Bridges Sir William Bassett Sir George Norton Sir Richard Hart Sir John Knight Sir Stephen Fox Sir William Wogan Sir Charles Carterett Sir Thomas Travell Knightf Henry Portman Nathaniell Palmer Thomas Strangewayes George Horner Edward Berkeley Alexander Pophain Hopton Wyndham John Hunt John Sandford John Speke Alexander I.utterell Joseph Langton Edward Clarke Edward* Gorges John Wyndham William Helyar senior William Helyar junior Carew Mildmay Warwick Bampfeild Henry Bull John Pygott Edward Babor William Gore George Long William Lacy Edmund Wyndham Baldwin Mallett Richard Fownes William [ Okenden 1 ] Thomas Bare of Hunsom Henry Gold William Strode Anthony Ethricke William Ethricke John Harrington Richard Morgan Edward Hobbs Charles Steyningf James Prouse Thomas Moore Harry Raynon John Chamney Henry Henley senior Henry Henley junior Thomas Langton Richard Crosse William Coward William Phelips William Hilliard [att1] Sea Anthony Stocker Henry Lyte Henry Mompesson Thomas Strode Robert Syderfin William Harbin John Bluett of Knole John How Andrew Crosse James Cade George Dodington of Wells George Musgrove Robert Long Francis Vaughan George Clarke Richard Lansdowne Thomas Dike William Catford John Worth Gustavus Venner Edward Dyke William Player William Hughes William Westly William Blackford John Hody senior John Hody junior Richard Cox James Twyford Edward Strode of Deane Samuell Cabell Charles Buckland Thomas Gale Roger Leversage John Creswicke William Whitchurch John Burland John Everard Samuell Horner Edmund Bowyer John Strachey George Prater Nicholas Francis William Francis Henry Winter Thomas Sambome Philip Bennett John Acourt Edward [Thurston William Lucye Thomas Ledgingham Samuell Raymond Henry Brett Robert Blake Thomas Sumner Marshall Bridges Smart Goodenough Robert Price of Bath Matthias Hanvile Cornelius Lyde William Lyde William Bolton Thomas Crompton John Blinman John Merefeild John Williams John Brice Thomas Napper Thomas 1-angdon David Yea Edward Ryder John Browne Edward Bacon John Keene Henry lJro&er Henry Bonner William Man Thomas Hawker Esquires Francis Hobbard William Bisgood Richard Snow Bernard Smith Richard Wyatt Thomas Baker Samuell Bindon John Frind Thomas Groves Thomas Towells Nicholas Markes John Beresford William Webber Robert Smith junior William How Gentlemen '•

1 Okeden 0.

* of 0.

Thru Sion 0*

348

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

For the City and County of the City of Bristoll

Edmund Arundell Esquire Mayor Sir William Cann Baronett Sir Richard Hart Sir Richard Crumpe Sir Thomas Earle Sir John Knight Sir William Clutterbooke Sir William Hayman Sir William Merricke Sir John Duddlestone Knightf Serjeant Powlett Recorder John Hickf William Crabb Joseph Crcswicke William Swymmer Richard Lane Thomas Day William Jackson Arthur Hart Esquires Aldermen John Dutton-Colt John Romsey Joseph Knight Timothy Parker Nathaniell Haggatt Nathaniell Driver Giles Merricke Robert Yate George Morgan Edward Tocknell Robert Henly Esquires The Sheriffes for the time being John Sandford Samuell Wallis John Hinde Thomas Cole John Bubb John Blackwell Robert Dowting John Yeomans John Brad way William Opie Esquires Thomas Edwardf Humphrey Corsley John Cary Gentlemen Henry Gibbs Richard Codrington Robert Bound Edward Jones

For the City of Bath "•

The Mayor for the time being John Bush Robert Peirce Do<5tor of Physicke Walter Gibbs Edward Bushell William Bush Walter Hickf Robert Chapman Benjamin Baber Robert Hayward John Stibbs Francis Hollys Newman

For the City of Wells

The Mayor for the time being William Coward Recorder George Doddington William Hughes John Davis Richard Thomas John Irish

For the Borough of Bridgwater /

The Mayor for the time being The Recorder Alderman Popham Alderman Tuthill Thomas Beere John Gilbert John Wells John Franklin John Harvey of the Castle Thomas Robham of Merriot Esquires Nicholas Marshall John Stuckley John Pitt William Webber Gentlemen

For the County of Stafford

The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Massareen of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Gray The Honourable Henry Pagett The Honourable William Ward The Honourable Robert Shirley The Honourable Clotworthy Skeffington Esquires Sir Thomas Peshall Sir John Leveson Gower Sir Walter Wrottesley Sir Walter Baggott Sir Henry Littleton Sir Edward Littleton Sir Charles Wolsley Sir Francis Lawley Sir Thomas Bellot Sir Michaell Bidulph Baronettf Sir Brian Broughton Knight and Baronett Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Gilbert Clarke Sir Henry Gough Sir Charles Scrimsheire Sir John Floyer Knightf Sir John Turton Knight one of the Barons of the Exchequer Walter Chetwynd John Chetwynd Thomas Broughton Edward Littleton Robert Burdett Robert Wolsley Thomas Lawley Edward Byrch Serjeant att Lawe Jonathan Cope Richard Dyott Thomas Foley Francis Swinfin Philip Foley William Sneyd Ralph Sneyd senior Ralph Sneyd junior Thomas Lane Humphrey Wyrley Robert Leveson Rowland Okeover John Lawton George Rodney Bridges Thomas Kynnersley Henry Vernon William Crompton John Every Thomas Rudyard John Hoo William Parker senior William Parker junior George Parker John Swynfen Thomas Byrch William Inge Philip Hollins Matthew Floyer Philip Pargiter Jonas Grosvenor Charles Coles William Cotton Thomas Orme John Bagnall James Whitehall Edward Foden Francis Eld William Nabbs Richard Pyott Thomas Jolliffe William Jolliffe Thomas Foley junior John Leigh Leigh Brooke William Milward John Shilton Lambert Bagott John Newton Henry Leigh John Chetwood John Wedgewood junior Charles Blount [Nicholas'] Noble Thomas Whitby James Wood Esquires John Beresford Francis Wightwicke John Wightwicke Daniell Watson William Bendy William Anson John Huntbach Peter Warburton William Trafford senior William Trafford junior Thomas Scott Thomas Jevon senior Christopher Lea Samuell Pipe Michaell Brandrith Edward Short Walter Fowler Jonas Asley John Browne Thomas Browne John Amphlett Walter Moseley John Baddily Richard Whitworth Edward Barbour John Young John Fenton James Rudyard John Goreing Gabrieli Wood Henry Bracegirdle Gentlemen The Mayor of Stafford for the time being Edward Foden Esquire Recorder William Oldfeild John Wegewood William Nabbs William Feake Esquires John Williamson Thomas Abnett Nehemiah Farmer Sampson Byrch Walter Collins Edward Byrd Joseph Doody Gentlemen The Baylifff of Tamworth for the time being Sir Edward Littleton Baronett Sir Henry Gough Knight Michaell Bidulph Esquire Charles Baynton George Alsopp Job Beardesley Samuell Beardesley Gentlemen The Mayor of Newcastle for the time being William Baddily Thomas Horderne William Boghay William Middleton William Lawton William Burslem Kilworth Oates Gentlemen The Mayor of Walshall for the time being \

For the City and County of the City of Litchfeild:

The Baylifff and Sheriffe for the time being William Marshall William Bayley Gentlemen Sir Michaell Bidulph Baronett Sir John Floyer Knight Robert Burdett Richard Dyott Philip Pargiter Richard Pyott Esquires Thomas Hammond William Potts George Boileston Richard Johnson John Bawlins Richard Burnes Richard Wakefeild [James'] Jesson Robert Floyd Gentlemen

349

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

For the County of Southampton )•

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons and First Lord Comissioner of the Greate Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Lord Chamberlaine to Her Majestic Sonne and Heire Apparent of Charles Duke of Bolton and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Earle of Sterling in the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable William Lord Pawlett Second Sonne of the Duke of Bolton Richard Earle of Ranelagh of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable James Russell Esquire The Honourable Francis Pawlett Esquire The Honourable Edward Russell Esquire Sir Robert Worsley Sir John Mill Sir John Button Sir Hugh Stewkley Sir John Dillington Sir William Meux Sir Nicholas SteWart Sir Andrewe Henley Sir Richard Onslow Sir Heele Hooke Sir John St. Barbe Sir Robert Smith Baronettf Sir Charles Wyndham Sir James Worsley Sir Benjamin Newland Sir William Kingsmill Sir William Stevens Sir Richard Harris Sir Thomas Miller Knightf Richard Norton John Wallupp Thomas Jervoise George Pitt senior Esquires I.eonard Bilson Thomas Hobby Gabrieli Whistler Ralph Hasringf Henry Dawley Frederick Tilney Richard Holt Richard Whithed Richard Cobbe Esquires Sir Francis Massam Baronett Charles Cole White Titchburne John Smith of Tidworth John Pollen Richard Bishopp Richard Chandler William Bishop Charles Morley Samuell Gawden George Bridges Charles Wither George Abbott Esquires Richard Leveson John Fawkoner Charles Forrester Thomas Brocas John Coniers KingC Councill Anthony Henley Richard Norton of Alsford John Leigh Richard Willoughby Edward Goddard Reynold^ Calthrop Walter Stephens John Deane James Hunt of Popham Oliver Cromwell Thomas Jervoise junior Edward Chute Henry Bromfeild John Burrard Henry Compton Henry Hooke Edward Flemming Robert Knollis George Stanley Arthur Hide Francis Dickens Henry Perrin senior Dottor of Phisicke Nicholas Hedger Richard Stanley Thomas Tutt William Coleman Henry Tulse Edward Hooper Esquires Charles Duncombe Richard Love George Pitt junior Benjamin Ruddiard Thomas Wither William Norton Robert Michell Thomas Bulkley William Batten Roger Barton Robert Barton George Duke George Nicholas Thomas Edmundf Thomas Dowse of Wallup Thomas Dowse of Brooke John Rives of Drayton John Rives of Bransbury Richard Cooper Edw. Pyle (') Thomas Fitz-James John Lisle William Knapton Thomas Dore William Guydott Samuell Pitman George Brampston Doctor of Lawes Roger Mompesson William Stroud James Dewy William Hearst Dutton GitTord Richard Knight Charles How Henry Hum Ilenry Homes Esquires Charles Stewart Thomas Scott Edmund Pitman William Cage Roger Gollopp John Whitehead John Worsley James Worsley Henry Homes Henry Meux Thomas Urry of Freshwater David Urry of Easton David Urry of Garcomb Major Henry Worsley William Feilder John Priaulx Nicholas Flower James Hooper John Bowerman John Lewknor Christopher Knight Francis Ashley Gabrieli Ashley Henry Perrin junior Doctor of Physick Doctor Thomas Hobbs Doctor Barlow Maurice Hunt Esquires Sir

Jemmett Raymond Knight Richard Kent Adam de Cardonall Esquires John Speede Doctor of Physicke Ellis Mew Thomas Coward Esquires Doctor William Over Mr Bennett of Farcham Francis Mills George Burrard

John Acton Anthony Bathurst John Harwood James Feild Charles Dinglcy Richard Bcelc Giles Liford Rober Love Allan Garrway Anthony Guydott Edward Rooke Henry Christmas George Wakeford Gentf The Mayor of Winton for the time being John Purdue Thomas Wavell Anthony Yaldcn Godson Penton John Warner James Earle Thomas Pinke James Barfoote Aldermen

For the City of Winton only,

Paul Burrard Richard Good Henry Sharpe Henry Ghost John Kaiger Thomas Bromfeild Walter Thomas Richard Jervise Thomas Bonham Robert Forder William Yalden John Hawksworfh Charles Traffics Thomas Craneley William Dale of Christchurch Cornelius Macham Alexander Alcorne Henry Player William Goldwyer The Bayliffe of Andover Edward Wareham William Barwickc Robert Blashford John White William Pay John Palmer The Mayor of Portsmouth for the time being John Blakeley Lewis Barton Thomas Brounker Edward Batten Charles Traffics Matthew Imber Henry' Grace The Mayor of Petersfeild for the time being John Clements The Mayor of Newport for the time being Nicholas Lisle William Chapman Robert Leigh James Searle Gentlemen Peter Gard Eustace Man Henry Worsley John Bowler John Stephens David Urry of £Afton *]] William Stephens of Barton William Stephens of West Cowes Edward Stephens Timothy Lucas John Newnham Francis Deacon William Keblewhite Edward Hales of Newport William Loveing

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Southampton.

The Mayor for the time being The Recorder for the time being Sir Giles Eyres one of the Justices of the Kings Bench William Bulkley Esquire John Speede Doctor [of1] Physicke Thomas Cornelius William Lyne Adam de Cardonall Richard \Yrhite James Crosse John Leigh William Cropp James Mcllish Alexander Alcorne Edward Elwes John Smith Christopher Smith Cornelius Mackham Robert Culliford Elias de Gruchye Leonard Cropp Gentlemen

For the County of Suffolke

Lyonell Lord Huntingtower of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Robert Bacon Sir Adam Felton Sir John Barker Sir John Playter Sir Robert Kempe Sir Symon Dewcs Sir John Castlcton Sir Dudley Cullam Sir Henry North Sir Jervase Elwes Sir John Rouse Sir Thomas Allen Sir Thomas Barnardiston Sir John Duke Sir Robert Brooke Sir Phillip Parker Sir Samuell Barnardiston Sir Francis Masham Sir Robert Davers Sir Charles Bloyce Sir William Cooke Sir John

* Christopher Stokes Peter Blake Richard Pyle 0. Aston 0. a >n O.

4U

350

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

Cotton Baronettf Sir Charles Gaudy Sir Robert Rich [Knight and Baronett'] Sir John Polcy Sir Thomas Hervey Sir George Weneyve Sir Nevill Catlyn Sir Henry Johnson Sir Joseph Brand Sir Richard Gipps Sir Anthony Archer Baronett Sir Cesar Wood alias Cranmer Sir Charles Umphreville Sir [Francis1] Blundell Knightf The Right Honourable Sir Stephen Fox Knight one of the Lords Cdmissioners of the Treasury William Maynard Nicholas Bacon Thomas Holland Thomas Felton Compton Felton Thomas Glemham Thomas Knyvett Lievetenant Generali Thomas Talmash Lyonell Playters Henry Heveningham Thomas Cole William Bridgman Henry Parker William Barker Francis Barker William Johnson Thomas Tyrrell Charles Blosse Charles Knipe Thomas Roper John Hunt Edward Warren John Robinson John Thurston Richard Norton Robert Maddockes Henry Warner Thomas Aldham Richard Hubbard Henry Poley John Brayme Thomas Salter Philip Beddingfeild Robert King Richard Buckingham Hamond L'Strange John Scrivener Charles Smith Edward North William Rivatt James Calthorpe John Cornwallis [Francis1] Smith of Thrandiston Thomas Smith William Croftf Anthony Croftf John Wright Edmond Bence Robert Barker Robert Naunton John Currance Thomas Wright Henry Edgar Samuell Ward Arthur Barnardiston Lawrence Rowse junior Thomas Golding William Glover Thomas Lemon John Bence George Fleetewood Robert Warryn Aubry Porter John Hervey Henry Goldwell Christopher Calthorpe John Germy of Sproughton John Jermy of Strutton Anthony Wrath senior Anthony Wrath junior Allen Cotton Edward Alpe Edmund Shephard John Smith of Parkefeild William Cullam Thomas Ryvett Charles Killigrewe Thomas Love John Beaumont Thomas Smith of Barton Nicholas Bragg Charles Whitacre John Hooke Doctor Thomas Carver William Betts Captaine Fynn William Poley Robert C.uddon John Catesby John Browne Charles Wood alias Cranmer Roger Kerrington Thomas Neale Thomas Dye Thomas Else Nicholas Freeman John Pellf Edward Alston John Hodges John Felton Peter Alderman John Spiricke Renaldo Pitfeild John Girling Gregory Clarke William Randall Thomas Dade Thomas Wright senior Thomas Barnardiston Samuell Barnardiston Richard Wareing Thomas Brande John Barker of Wickham Edward Jenney Thomas Bright William Hamond Samuell Clarke William Cooke Andrewes Warner Francis Brewster John Hill Samuell Blackerby Richard Porter Smith of Marlsford John Brand John

Eldred of Saxam John Wild senior Philip French William Hamond of Whitton John. Bass Samuell Baker Isaac Rebo Thomas Owen Thomas Aldridge William Lucas Samuell Pacy Thomas Bendish Bartholomew Soame William Bright Robert Russell Edward Gaele James Goodwyn Thomas Folkes John Nichollf senior Francis Heylocke Henry Ward Henry North Lawrence Stistead Richard Phillips John Blumfeild Robert Clarke William Tye Richard Marriott William Fowles Joseph Weld Nathaniell Symondf Richard Fryer William Neave William Glascockc Esquires Anthony Fisher John Craske junior Robert Chapling Robert Snelling William Beaumont John Brandling Esquires Edmond Artist senior Richard Freeston Bartholomew Young Thomas Scarlett Andrew Brownsmith Thomas Fothergill John Pinchbacke John Buxston Thomas Mitchell Nicholas Edgar George Watts Richard Jenkinson Edmund Plume Thomas Bright Devereux Edgar John Spencer Gentlemen Edmond Jenney Henry Damant John Rabett of Bramfeild Samuell Grove Thomas Macroe junior Gentlemen Richard Ferrier Esquire Thomas Heyward of Clare Simon Dove of Hadleigh William Flack Hugh Bockinghain John Fowle George Gooday Esquires William Turner Jeffery Maltyward Gentlemen Nathaniell Symondf Esquire James Harvey of Cockfeild Richard Pupplett Robett May Gentlemen George Dashwood Esquire Edward Goate John Gooding of Marslesham George Gale Gentlemen John Sympson Robert Kerrington John Borrett of Stradbrooke Philip Bacon John Morden Wicksted Well Joseph Weld John Pamphlin Robert Studd Thomas \Vrright junior Edmond Coleman Thomas King Thomas Cropley John Folkes Thomas Hasdngf Guy Chapman Fuller Ewen James Symondf Joseph Hastingf

William Byatt Nelson Fredericke Herne Esquires I-

For the Boroug of Ipswich

The Balifff for the time l>eing Sir John Barker Sir Charles Blois Baronettf Charles Whitacre Esquire Recorder Fredericke Heme Esquire Charles Wright Lawrence Stisted Richard Phillipps John Burroughs William Neave William Browne John Blomfeild John Wade Miles Wallis Henry Sparrowe William Tye Thomas Day Gentlemen Robert Clarke Towne-Clerke Devereux Edgar Esquire Henry' North Esquire Doctor John Dade Doctor John Wallis Thomas Wright senior John Banks Gentf Collector of Theire Majesties Customes Richard Pupplett Edward Gaell Robert Snelling

For the Borough of Eye:

The Bailifff for the time being Henry Poley Thomas D'Avenant Thomas Vincent Esquires Thomas Deye senior Henry Edgar Thomas Browne Nathaniell Deye Thomas Deye junior Francis Deye Thomas Brampston Thomas Flowerey Smith Chenerey Gentlemen

For the Borough of Sudbury

The Mayor for the time being Sir Thomas Barnardiston Baronett Sir Jervase Elwes Sir Samuell Barnardiston Edmond Coleman Recorder John Gibbon John Robinson Esquires John Catesbyr John Parish Bernard Carter Richard Hobard William Cock Samuell Abbott William Hasell William Fothergill Robert Chaplyn Martin Harris Clement Ray Henry Crosseman William Halls Robert Gurling Benjamin Carter Thomas Carter Gentlemen

For the Borough of St. Edmonds Bury: (4)

Ihe Alderman for the time being The Recorder for the time being Henry Guybon Samuell Grove Richard Prime Thomas Macro senior Robert Sharpe Thomas Borrough Thomas Macro junior Martin Spenceley Samuell Battlcy Gentlemen Sir Robert Davers Baronett Henry Goldwell Esquire Sir Thomas Hervey Knight Thomas Holland Esquire

• Knights and Barronetts O. 9 interlined on the Roll. 3 Thomas O.

4 The Commissioners for the Borough of Dunwich are named in the Original Act before those named for this Borough.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.l.

351

For the Borough of Dunwich:

The Baylifff for the time being Sir Robert Kemp Baronett Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronett John Bence Thomas Neale George Fleetwood Esquires John Postle Jeremiah Birlingham William Wethersby William Betts William Hamond Gentlemen I*

For the Towne of Orford:

The Mayor for the time being Thomas Glemham Thomas Felton Esquires Thomas Hastingf Joseph Hastingf Thomas Palmer John Morgan John Siced Richard Porter Daniell Whidby William Robinson John Stephens

For the Borough of Aldborough:

Sir Henry Johnson William Johnson Esq, John Browne Esq Bayliffe John Bence Esquire Thomas Neale Esquire Recorder Thomas Wall Richard Covell John Burrode Edward Wall [James'"| Peake Hitchingham Wright Richard Burrode Alexander Osborne Gentlemen

For the County of Surrey

The Right Honourable Sir Robert Howard one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privye Councill The Honourable Heneage Finch The Honourable Francis Coventry The Honourable Hugh Hare Esquires Sir Walter St. John Sir Francis Vincent Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Thompson Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Walter Clarges Sir William Duncomb Sir Edward Bromfeild Sir William Temple Sir Robert Napier Sir Richard Atkins Sir William Glynn Sir Joseph Alston Baroncttf The Honourable Sir Francis Compton Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir William Worley Knight of the Bath Sir William Hoskins Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir St. John Brodericke Sir Robert Clayton Sir Purbeck Temple Sir James Clarke Sir Christopher Buckle Sir Cornwall Bradshawe Sir James Butler Sir William Elliott Sir Robert Knightly Sir Peter Daniell Sir William Dashwood Sir Edward Fruin Sir John Parsons Sir Thomas Vernon Sir Peter Vandeputt Sir William Hill Sir Roger Meggott Sir Charles Hedges Sir John Temple Sir William Gore Sir Edward Desbovery Sir William Seawen Knightf Michaell Edwardf High Sherifie of the County of Surrey Mr Serjeant Fuller Thomas Howard George Evelyn Henry St John Thomas Vincent Roger James Thomas Turgis Anthony Bowyer Denzill Onslow White Tichbome Morgan Randyll Foot Onslow John Weston Edward Nicholas George Evelyn George Rodney Bridges John Arnold John Eveling Philip Hilliard Edward Harvey William Brownlow Baptist May James Zouch George Woodroffe Nicholas Carew Ambrose Browne John Lukener Richard Garth Henry Hene William Fenwick Thomas Cotton William Morley Anthony Thomas Haestreete James Sigismond Stidolph George Duncomb Edward Bray John Sands William Hooker Richard Nichollf Shorn Bridges Richard Morley Ambrose Muschampe Peter Hussey William Harvey Richard Onslow Christopher Buckle Thomas Lant John Gore Francis Brend William Hatton Charlton Whitlock Stephen Harvey Robert Gavill John Burgoyne John Thynn William Perry William Nuthall John Love George Smith William Heyward John Mitchell Henry Whistler John Wight Robert Hatton Thomas Trapp Henry Ludlow Jeoffery Amhurst Henry Lloyd William Bridgman John Heather William Clarke Martin Folkes John Turner Samucll Lcwen John Pettyward Edward Thurland Thomas Molineux Henry Vincent John Parsons John Lugg Eldred I,ancelott Lee Samucll Crispe junior Nicholas Wath Nicholas Fenn Captaine Salmond Benjamin Le-Cane Philip Foster Edward Lane Ralph Snow William Genew Samucll Somerford Robert Saunders Samuell Pett George Goreing Nicholas Waite Robert Dowglas William Gulston James Chadwick Lancelott Johnston William Clarke John Agar Thomas White Ralph Hough Thomas Wincop William Brockman Julius Glavill Cesar Bradshaw John Buckworth George Vernon Rich Tho. Causton Christopher Gettry

senior John Hoskins Francis Gosfright Francis Hatten Thomas Wymondesold John Austen William Boothby Robert Moore James Tooth Samuell Crispe senior John Lampart John Milner Edward Woodward Simon Smith Joseph Wandall Spencer Cooper Vertue Radford George Atwood Richard Morgan John Deleau Henry Griffeth Thomas Loefeild Colonell Peirce Samuell Atkinson John Dawding John Kenrick John Tichburne Christopher Crcswell Henry Wilkinson Thomas White Esquires The Mayor of Guilford for the time being Maximilian Emeley Timothy Wilson Joseph Lee Saunder of Tooting Josias Dewy John Hoskins Thomas Burroughs

John Martyr John Child Henry Flutter Edward Ford John Hill Thomas Smith Peter Quenell Henry Saunders The Baylifff of Kingston for the time being The Baylifff of Famham for the time being Richard Kelsey Richard White Edward Tilby Robert Bignold Urban Hall Lawrence March John Spencer Richard Jew'ell Thomas Harris Captaine Bartholomew Thomas Jordan of Gatwich William Jordan Doctor Budgeon Thomas Jordan Richard Gwyn Henry Johnson William Summers Peter Norbrow Robert Boyer Thomas Cusden Gerrard Andrewes Henry Wyatt John Burchett Peter Hughes William Doryzon John Streer John Eversett Ulisses Blunt John Terry John Symball Peter Kesterman William Hambly Isaac Cox Leonard Hammond Thomas Hammond (*) Henry Bynes Christopher Smith William Sherlock Jonas Shish Daniell Wight Thomas Jordan John Greene Joseph Wood Charles Shorter Thomas Juxon William Allwood Walter Vernon Edward Smith George Heath Robert Bristow William Berblock Thomas Mallen Nicholas Hookes John Cox Nehemiah Bourne Richard Bowsey Abraham Harrison John Pigeon William Yalden Ralph Drake John Sermon Benjamin Bon wick John Boys Richard Devon Francis Terringham John Hadson William Gray John Nichollf Edward Dimblely William Attwood Thomas Jordan John Allwood John Wood Daniell Wright senior William Rutter John Gerrard Samuell Peirson Francis Gosfright 1

1 Thomas O.

1 Richard Hamond G.

352

4° Gul. & Mar. c.l.

A.D. 1692.

John Smith Edward Bucrish Henry Herringman John Allen John Milford Bryan Fairfax Richard Bridger John Ledford Benjamin Cracker Peter Delannoy John Cholmny Jacob Parham Daniell Duthees Jacob Harvey Thomas Maylyn Giles Hayward Francis Wilkinson William Gibbs Samuell Hall Thomas Cox Benjamin Tarrant John Sheppard John Gerrard John Chittey Ferdinando Holland John Coleman John Blake Crow Verren Christopher Cope William Puryour Robert Ford Samuell Lupton Henry Wheatley Greene Henry Bishopp Captaine

Thomas RofFey John Cole Gentlemen James Isaacson Thomas Fox Thomas Cuddon John Smith William Stcare William Starford John Jacob Daniell Allen Marke Houghton Godfrey Woodward Gentlemen Abraham Devishee Esquire Richard Steele Gentleman

For the County of Sussex

John Lord Cuttf of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Pelham Sir William Thomas Sir [Joh'] Fagg Sir Denny Ashbumham Sir William Wilson Sir Thomas Dike Sir William Culpeper Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Stapeley Sir Philip Gell BaronettC Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir John Briscoe Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir Edward Selwyn Sir James Morton Sir Christopher Conyers Sir Edward Hungerford Sir James Smith Sir Thomas Miller Sir George Chute Knight f Thomas Pelham William Morley John Lewkner Nisell Rivers Henry Pelham Richard Bridger Thomas Newdigate Esquires Thomas Briggf Doctor att Lawe George Nevill William Board James Butler George Goreing Thomas Beard John Spence James Graves John Fuller John Baker Alexander Stapeley John Miller Simon Smith John Packer Thomas Bromfeild Walter Dobell junior Thomas May William Markwicke John Machell Thomas Bickley George Gunter John Braman Richard Farrington Nathaniell Palmer Thomas Palmer William Williams Peter Gott Henry Apsley Thomas Frewen Edward Dine George Courthope Samuell Hyland John Marlott Randolph Tutty Francis Page Thomas Woodier Walter Robertf William Peckham Tho. Betsworth Thomas Gray John Apsley William Garroway William Wastbrooke Thomas White junior John Cooke of Pet worth Esquires Francis Mose senior Thomas Brooker John Cheale of Findon Richard Stiles Henry Barwitt Gentlemen John Cooke of Goreing John I.ee of Plaistowe Richard Cooper Henry Barnard Thomas Nash Edward Staker Oliver Whitby William Paine Humphrey Jewkes Thomas Peckham of Alingborne Thomas Knowles Richard Banks Anthony Cruttendon Robert Hall Paul Burrard The Mayor of Chichester and Arundell for the time being Barnham Powell Charles Goreing Charles Fagg Robert Orme Henry Cooper Richard Paine John Brewer Esquires Robert Austin Apsley Newton Robert Fagg Thomas Burrell John Munke Anthony Eversfeild William Newton John Gratwick of Eaton Stephen Humphrey William Alderson Francis Goter Edward Morley William Cobden Nicholas Best William Hayes Samuell White John Wicker John Shelley William Blake John Weeks Thomas Fagg Gentlemen John Pechey of S'. Peters John Pechey Barister att Lawe Robert Thomden Richard Butcher George Oglander Stephen Fuller William Pechey Gentlemen Peter Courthope Richard Shelley John Newnham Esquires Henry Yates John Board Nathaniell Turner Edward Manning John Groome John Weller John Baker William Clarke Esquires Walsingham Mitchell John Steward Lawrence Alcock John Yaldon Thomas Betsworth junior Thomas CroUchett Thomas Charman William Jewer Samuell Blunt William Clarke Gentlemen Stephen Penford Henry Peckham Thomas Westerne senior Samuell Westome George Elford John Pellatt Richard Voakes Daniell Gittons Thomas Burry Edmund Negoes Gentlemen Richard Parker Hugh Reason Robert Baker John Minshawe of Farney Matthewe White Thomas Sheppard George Thornton Henry Styles of Taring John Haseler Gentlemen Christopher Knight Esquire Thomas Brereton Thomas Ellis Gentlemen Richard Peckham Esquire George Osborne Stephen Jermin Lewis Buckle John Busbridge Nicholas Covert Thomas Lentott of Walhurst John Wheeler of Amington Thomas Poole of New Shorehain Gentlemen:

For the Port of Hastingf.

The Mayor for the time being Thomas Lovell John Hide Captaine Edward Millard Philip Lovell John Medhurst Jurates I*

For the Towne and Port of Winchelsea

The Mayor for the lime being Mr Edward Martin Mr Harris Mr John Richardson Mr Thomas Symons

Mr Richard Samson Mr Thomas Jenkins Mr Francis Jenkins !-

For the Ancient Towne of Rye.

The Mayor for the time being Sir John Austen Sir John Darrell John Spaine Michaell Cadman Nicholas Manouch Thomas Greble Nathaniell Hartshome I-

For Seaford and Pevensey I*

The BailifTf and Jurates for the time being *.*

For the County of Warwicke 1*

The Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Tiviott of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable the Lord Digby of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Robert Shirley Esquire The Honourable Francis Grevill Esquire The Honourable Thomas Coventry Esquire Sir John Mordant Sir Charles Holt Sir Simon Clarke Sir Richard Temple Sir Clement Fisher Sir William Boughton Sir Jacob Astley Sir John Bridgman Sir Charles Shuckburgh Sir Thomas Samwell Sir William Wheeler Sir John Huband Sir Reginald Foster Sir Basill Price

John O.

353

4° Gul.'&Mar. c. 1.

Sir Richard Newdigate Baronettf Sir William Underhill Sir John Clopton Sir William Craven Sir Andrew Hacker Sir William Bishop Sir Richard Verney Sir Thomas Rawlinson Knightf William Bromley Andrew Archer Robert Burdett Walter Chetwynde Esquires Thomas Rawlins Serjeant att Lawe William Peytoe George Lucye Robert Soinervile Basill Feilding Arden Adderly Seabright Repington Edward Clopton Thomas Wagstaffe Arden Bagott William Palmer Richard Hopkins Charles Knotesford Humphrey Wyrley Henry Packer Charles Newsham Thomas Keate Thomas Fetherston Thomas Andrewes Edward Bentley Hastingf Ingram Charles Jennens William Colemore Ward Dilke William Dugdale William Bolton Robert Hervey Simon Biddulph Francis Fisher Henry Greene Humphrey Boughton Francis Boughton Edward Boughton John Shuckburghe Michaell Biddulph James Ludford John Combes John Farmer Thomas Peers Fisher Wentworth alias Dilke Price Devereux Bernard Whalley Thomas Newsham George Bonn Henry Neale Esquires John Clarke John Astley Thomas Archer John Mariott John Jennens Humphrey Holden Francis Bagshaw Theodore Stratford William Loggin John Newsham George Fullwood Ambrose Holbeech Timothy Stoughton John Appletree John Stanton Robert Wilcox John Andrewes Job Beardsley George Alsope Gentlemen The Mayor of Stratford for the time being The Baylifff of Tamworth for the time being

For the City and County of the City of Coventry:

The Mayor for the time being Nathaniell Harryman Francis Harryman Edward Owen Thomas Lawrence Aldermen Sir John Dugdale Knight Richard Hopkins John Stratford Basill Feilding William Norton Henry Greene Edward Taylor George Bown John Bowater Robert Beake Thomas Burgh Thomas Hopkins Thomas Gery Esquires Edward Hill Thomas Bayly Henry Smith Robert Smith Simon Burton Thomas King Humphrey Burton Gentlemen

For the County of Westmerland:

Sir John Lowther of Lowther Baronett Vice-Chamberlaine to His Majestic and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Baronettf Sir John Otway Sir Daniell Fleming Knightf Richard Lowther Christopher Dalston John Dalston William Fleming Edward Wilson senior Edward Wilson junior Henry Wilson Richard Brathwaite Edward Musgrave Roger Mor John Fisher John Phillipson John Nevison Hugh Machell Esquires Ephraim Sandford Thomas Godsale Richard Crackenthorpe Cyprian Hilton John Smith Robert Sharpe Esquires Anthony Saul Lancelott Forth John Brougham James Bird Daniell Fleming Miles Phillipson George Willson Reginald Dobson John Hall Thomas Gabettus Thomas Wilson William Birkehead Thomas Cocke John Atkinson John Thwaitf The Mayors of Appleby and Kendall for the time being:*

For the County of Wiltf '•

Charles Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton Edward Viscount Combury Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Clarendon Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Shaftsbury Mountague Lord Norris Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Abingdon Henry Lord Coleraine of the Kingdome of Ireland Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esquire Sir Edward Seymour Sir Walter St. John Sir John Button Sir Edward Windham Sir Richard Grubham Howe Sir Walter Long Sir William Pincent Sir John Moreton Sir James How Baronettf Sir Edward Hungerford Sir John Nicholas Knightf of the Bath Sir Giles Eyre Knight one of the Justices of Theire Majesties Courte of Kings Bench Sir John Ernie Sir John Talbott Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir George Hungerford Sir Stephen Fox Sir Thomas Escourt Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir Charles Rawleigh Sir Edmond Warnford Sir Richard Hart Sir George Willougby Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Charles Hedges Sir Thomas Earle Sir William Scroggf Knightf The Honourable Goodwin Wharton Francis Pawlett George Pitt Richard Lewis Alexander Popham senior Alexander Popham junior Robert Hyde Francis Wroughton senior John Hall Richard Howe Thomas Hobby John Windham Samuel! Eyre Thomas Freake of Shrowton Thomas Jervois Thomas Bennett Edwardf Nicholas of Manninford Maurice Bockland Thomas Pitt William Ash Alexander Thistlewaite Francis Morley Henry St. John Charles Fox Edward Nicollf of Winterborne Walter Ernie Esquires John Smith of Tidworth John Deane Edwardf Nicholas of Canningf Francis Goddard Francis Stonehouse Charles Mompesson William Trenchard William Daniell Christopher Willoughby Thomas Webb William Yorke John Glanville Thomas Baskervile Edward Nott Thomas Chamberlaine George Wroughton Thomas Goddard Thomas Freake of Hannington John Bowles of Burcomb John Hawlis William Harvey Thomas Penruddocke William Windham Thomas Windham Walter Grubb John Davenant Henry Olivers Nicholas Baynton Richard Chandler Richard Jones of Ramsbury John Ash of Haywood John Young Thomas Gunter senior Thomas Gunter junior James Linch of White Parish Edward Young of the same Richard Whitehead LyoneI\ Duckett John Wildman junior Edmund Lambert Samuell Ash William Willoughby William Norbourne Edward Seymour Richard Neville William George Charles Raymond Charles Tucker Benjamin Gifford John Fitzherbert Edmond Hungerford John Bennett William Hearst Gabrieli Ashley William Wallis Richard Aldworth William Wastfeild Herbert Salladine John Reade William Brewer Michaell Ernie Edward Lisle Neville Mascaline William Player David Thomas Dottor of Phisicke William Yorke Walter Greene Charles Duncomb John Ash of Tefont Edmund Webb John Flower senior John Bond James Clarke Esquires Richard Poore John Jacob Edward Duke Captaine Fitz-James John Hill of Sarum Thomas Lambert of the same Anthony Hungerford Thomas Poldon Charles Danvers Walter Parker Henry C.oker Francis Wroughton junior Robert Duke of Lake Thomas Chaffin Marks John

4 X

354

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D.\69C2.

Gantlett John Bigg Francis Swanton Abjohn Stokes Charles Mitchell John Webb William Hitchcocke Henry Pinnell

John Curie Charles Pleydall Charles Bowles William White Edward Foyle Stephen Blatch Bennett Swaine Henry

Nourse William Stowkly Esq^ Robert Grove senior John Grove of Chisenbury Robert Grove junior John Long Francis Thistlethwaite William Beach of Fidleton Andrewe Duke Charles Stewart Walter Long of Wraxhall Edward Wadman Edward Hearst Nathaniell Trotman William Hancocke Councellor att Lawe Arthur Fowkes of Knoyle Thomas Stringer of Ivy Church Thomas Beach John Kent of Boscomb Edward Ryder Robert Smith Henry Dennis Oliver Bingley William Fisher John Bowles Councellor att Lawe Edward Pleydall Edward Spencer John Knighton Charles Brinsdon Thomas Tainter William Coles Henry Faircfax Richard Neville Brereton Boucher Henry Blake Thomas Grove George Hill John Mompesson William Hewes Thomas Powell Thomas Hayward Dauntesey Brouncker Nicholas Elliott Christopher Gardner Richard Minifie Hasket John Brooke Nicholas Daniell

William Clare Christopher Lippeat John Smith of Alten Matthewe Smith Jonathan Hill John Twogood Walter

Sharpe John Flower Henry Watman Edward Metlicott Thomas Hunt of Enford Henry Eyre of Woodhampton Edmund Henningf Matthewe Smith Francis Goddard of Pirton Henry Southby Jasper Chapman Thomas White John Fisher Francis Cooles junior Thomas Francklyn Robert Biss Robert Mandrell Thomas Long of Rowden Thomas 6tump Elias Ferris Christopher Lippiett George Willoughby George Davis of Woodford Thomas Clarke John Mitchell Thomas Keyliway Edward Goddard of Ogbome John Villet Richard Cocks James Croome Nicholas Hayes Richard Smith of Kennett George Duke of Sarson Humphrey Wall Richard Hillyard of the Devizes John Waters Thomas Hardyman of Lidiard Peter Temple Joseph Houlton Joseph [Berne'] John Lesle Anthony Trotman Charles Danvers Lovelace Bigg Thomas Bennett of Salthorpe Thomas Phipps John Foster John Hawkins Toby Richmond Charles Raymond Thomas Eyres Edward Wadman Zachariah Bayley Jonathan Rogers of Chippenham Richard Barnaby Thomas Jacob of Norten Edmund Escourt of Butten Hill Nicholas [Hardman *] Thomas Gore S‘. John Ivye Thomas Stokes John Stratton William Robbins The Mayor of Salisbury for the time being The Mayor of Wilton The Mayor of the Devizes The Mayor of Marleborough and the Baylifff of Chippenham for the time being Christopher Mayne Edward Seymour John Dewe Jacob Selfe Esquires Charles Raymond Gentleman

For the City of New Sarum and the Close of the same

The Mayor for the time being Sir Giles Eyres Knight Recorder one of the Justices of Theire Majesties Court of Kings Bench Sir Thomas Mompesson Knight Thomas Hobby Thomas Pitt John Windham William Hearst William Windham Thomas Windham Wadham Windham Edmund Pitman Esquires Christopher Gardner Richard Minifie Peter Phelps Roger Baskett William Smith Thomas Kenton John Priaulx Andrew Baden James Herris William Viner Jonathan Hill Thomas Haskett Tayler Aldermen David Thomas Doctor of Phisicke Francis

Swanton Gabrieli Ashley Edward Hearst Thomas Lambert Herbert Salladine John Hill William Hews Thomas Chaffin Markes Esquires John Parsons John Paine William Barnes Thomas Baskett James Sambeme Gentlemen '•

For the County of Worcester:

The Right Honourable Richard Earle of BeUamount of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Grey Esquire The Honourable Thomas Coventry Robert Tracy Thomas Watson Henry Folliott Gilbert Coventry Esquires Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath Lord Chiefe Baron of Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer Sir Richard [Letchmore3] one of the Barons of the Exchequer Sir Henry Littleton Sir John Packington Sir Francis Russell Sir Thomas Rous Sir William Seabright Sir William Keytc Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir James Rushout Sir Ralph Dutton Baronettf Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Henry Connisby Sir Thomas Streete Sir Francis Winnington Sir Thomas Haslewood Sir Edward Dinely Sir John Matthewes Sir John Sommers Theire Majesties Attorney Generali Knightf Samuell Sandys Henry Herbert William Bromley Thomas Foley Richard Dowdswell Thomas Savage senior Henry JcfFeryes Samuell Pitt William Walsh Edwin Sands Anthony Sambacke John Machell Henry Parker Thomas Savage junior Edmund Letchmere Robert Berkley William Ligon Thomas Jolliffe Edward Rudge Bridges Nanfan Charles Baldwin Salwey Winnington John Charleton Walter Savage senior Walter Savage junior Thomas Vernon of Astwood Thomas Cornwall Robert Dormer Richard Barnaby Robert Foley Francis Sheldon William Hancocke Higgins James Thomas Vernon of Worcester George Dowdswell John Soley John Bearcroft John Clutton Robert Wilde Edward Bull Thomas Love Chambers Slaughter Gerrard Dannett Richard Nash junior Allaine Cliffe senior (4) Francis Bromley John Sheldon (5) Phillipp Foley Edward Steyner [Richard Freeman Charles Cocks John Chaplyn6] Goddard Carter Samuell Swifte Robert Bagott Benjamine Jolliffe Thomas Cheatle Windford

of Astley Thomas Hammond Esquires Abell Gower Thomas Nanfan John Appledore Thomas [Bushy7] Edmund Taylor Arthur Bagshawe Robert Dowley Samuell Hunt William Moore Higham Cooke Henry Toy Nicholas Baker Philip Bearcrofte of St. Swithin Thomas Hunt of Ribbinhall Edward Walker Robert Steyner William Bird John Ernes Giles Parsons Martin Ballard Thomas Harris Edward Wheeler Henry Hodges George Haynes Humphrey Soley George Gardner Richard Avenant James Nash Nicholas Wheeler Edward Davis Edward Lench The Mayor of Eversham for the time being The Baylifff of Droitwich for the time being The [Baylifff8] of Bewdley for the time being Arthur Lowe William Baldwin William Bookey Richard Norbury John Fownes senior William Bell Edward Milward Timothy Brickenshawe William Rudge John Rudge Edward Rastall Gentlemen

1 Bcrrio O.

* Allaine Cliff junior 0. 7 Bushell 0.

9 Ilardham O.

5 Richard Freeman, Charles Cocks, John Chaplin 0. 8 BayliffV O.

J Lechmerc O. c 0. omits.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

355

For the City and County of the City of Worcester:

The Mayor Aldermen and Sheriffe for the time being Sir John Sommers Knight Theire Majesties Attorney Generali William Bromley Esquire Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Thomas Streete Knightf Henry Herbert Samuell Swifte Walter Savage Towne-Clerke Robert Wyld Charles Cockes Esquires Edward Cookesey William Baker Philip Bearcrofte of the Parish of St. Swithin John Handy Walter Pardoe Thomas Smith Nicholas Baker Nicholas Fayting I*

For the County of Anglesey:

Richard Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland Marke Lord Viscount Dungannon in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Thomas Bulkeley The Honourable Robert Bulkeley Sir William Williams of Vaynoll Baronett Sir Roger Mostyn Baronett Sir Hugh Owen Baronett Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Thomas Burton John Hooke Nicholas Bagnall William Robinson Price Lloyd Arthur Owen Esquires Francis Bulkeley John Griffith of Carreg Lloyd John Owen Penthose Owen Bold John Williams Esquires William Meyricke Conningsby Williams Owen Hughes John Jones Doctor of Divinity John Ellis Doctor of Divinity Owen Wynne William Griffith of Llanwaiethley Robert Owen of Holly head William Morgan John Wynne William Bulkeley David Lloyd Lloydiart Owen Williams of Carrog Hugh Wynne of Tryerworth Henry Sparrowe Roger Hughes Rowland Wynne John Owen Cremlin Thomas Williams Morrice Lewis Francis Lloyd John Pridderch Hughes Williams David Williams Owen Davies of Llandefredog Henry Wynne of Penheskin Edward Lewis William Jones John Owen Bodier Richard Edwardf John Hill Peirce Lewis John Williams Bodavon John Lloyd of Measy Borth Richard Hughes William Griffith Thomas Robertf of Castellor Richard Vaughan John Price Owen Robertf William Griffith Richard Bulkeley Robert Hampton Llewellin James Griffith Hughes Rowland Arthur David Lloyd of Sybriltir The Mayor of Beaumaris for the time being

For the County of Brecon:

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent of Henry Duke of Beaufort Sir Walter Williams Baronett Sir Edward Williams Sir Rowland Gwynne Knightf Bussey Mansell Thomas Morgan John Lewis of Codmore Sackville Gwynne Esqs Thomas Williams of Caballoa Esquire Thomas Mansell Jeffery Jefferyes Charles Morgan John Jefferyes Edward Jones Thomas Walker Daniell Williams Walter Vaughan Gwynne Vaughan Marmaduke Lloyd Francis Lloyd Thomas Flower John Williams John Morgan Marmaduke Gwynne John Walters John Gunter Edward Lewis Philip Parrey Lodowickc Lewis Esquires Charles Lloyd James Parrey Richard Jefferyes John Stedman John Walbeoff Walter Williams Robert Lucy John Gwynne John Lewis Jasper Miller Morgan Watkins Esquires Richard Williams Henry Jones Thomas Williams Charles Powell Samuell Williams James Donne William Watkins William Philips Thomas Bowen Robert Rumsey Walter Vaughan Howell Morgan William Williams of Veleinnewith Esquires Bartholomew Games Edw'ard Games Rees Penry of Llangamarch Thomas Williams of Bayly Brith Henry Vaughan Doctor in Phisicke Richard Williams of Aberbrane Lewis Lloyd Thomas Gwynne William Williams of Battell John Maddox Lewis Havard James Watkins Thomas Jones Henry Williams William Lloyd Morgan Price John Herbert Francis Lewis John Rumsey Richard Williams Howell Jones William Awbery William Williams of Aberanell John Philips Roger Price of Llangamarch Richard Watkins Edward [Price*] of Aberknython Howell Gwynne Thomas Lloyd of Rosevericke Christopher Portrey Francis Lloyd of Llangamarch Thomas Price of Glimce Richard Hughes John Lloyd senior John Lloyd junior Paul Williams Richard Games Gentlemen Alexander Griffiths Gentleman

For the Towne of Brecon

The Bayliffe Recorder and Aldermen for the time being Sir Walter Williams Baronett Sir Edward Williams Sir Rowland Gwynne Knightf Jefferye Jefferyes Thomas Morgan Edward Jones John Jefferyes Charles Morgan John Walters William Philips Lodowicke Lewis Henry' Jones Sanders Sanders William Winter John Price Robert Lucy Esquires John Jefferyes Henry Thomas William Herbert Hughes William Williams Meredith James Towne-Clerke Samuell Owseley Roger Jefferyes Daniell Price Alexander Griffiths

For the County of Cardigan:

Sir Carbery Price Baronett Sir Basil Price Baronett Sir William Wogan Knight Serjeant att Lawe (*) John Lewis of Cudmore John Tredenham Hector Philips John Vaughan William Powell Thomas Lloyd of Castle Howell Charles Lloyd Macsyvelin William Herbert William Bristocke David Lloyd of Weme Samuell Hughes John Herbert Vaughan Price Walter Idoyd David Parry Daniell Evanse John [Lewis'] of Troed yr Rhyn John Lewis of Gernos Edward Jones of Lanina David Lloyd Crunnuryn Cornelius I-e Brun Richard Lloyd John Philips James Lloyd Evan Lloyd Hugh Lloyd John Williams John Knollf John Morrice of Carroge Richard Stedman Esquires John Bowen of Morvabychan John Jones Edward Prise Samuell Hughes Hugh Lloyd of Llwyd Jacke David Lloyd of Focsyblythed John Walley Jenkin Lloyd David Lloyd of Llanvanghan Oliver Howell Stephen Parry Morgan Howells David Lewes William Lewes Hector Morgans John Morrice David Howells Evan Evanse William Parry Rees I,loyd of Lovesgrove David Lloyd of Cum Brwa John Lloyd of Pam David Hugh Lloyd of

interlined on the Roll.

3 Sir Thomas Powell Kn* Serjeant at Law 0.

3 Lcivis O.

356

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1692.

Doleclettwr Rodericke Richardf Charles Lloyd of Kilforch John Parry of Cumssiltin Richard Prise Water Lloyd of Crunvryn Nathan Griffith Gent John Pryse John Philips Gent (*) David Griffith Henry Jones Francis Vaughan John Evans James Lewis Stephen Parry of Llanychairon John Lloyd of Kilgwyn John Lloyd of Pantkelgaen Griffith Lloyd of Bwich Mawre Thomas Philips John Lewis of Dynas James Williams David Lloyd of Lianborth

For the County of Carmarthen:

Sir Richard Mansell Sir Sackvill Crowe Sir Rice Rudd Sir William Russell Baronettf Sir Rice Williams Knight Sir John Powell Knight one of Theire Majesties Justices of the Court of Comon Pleas Sir William Wogan Knight Theire Majesties Serjeant att I^awe Sir Orlando Gee Richard Vaughan of Terra-coed Griffith Rice John Tredenham Thomas Cornwallis Rowland GWynne Christopher Middleton Thomas Llwyd of Berllandowill Richard Vaughan of Court Derllys Richard Jones Marmaduke Williams John Williams of Abercothy Daniel 1 Evans Thomas Lloyd of Allt y Cadnoe Richard Gwynne of Gwempa Griffith Lloyd Rawleigh Mansell Edward Mansell Thomas Powell Henry Mansell Sackville Gwynne Roger Mamvareing Henry Owens Edward Vaughan William Brigstocke Thomas Lloyd of Dan yr Allt Arthur Gwynne John Williams of Talley Thomas Gwynne the elder Edward Jones of Llethernoiath Henry Lloyd of Idanstephan Francis Lloyd William Bevans of Pen y coed John Philips of Dolehaidd John Williams of Carmarthen Samuell Hughes Walter Thomas Francis Browne Esquires George Gwynne Anthony Rudd Davidd Gwynne William Gwynne Thomas Manwareing Owen Bowen Thomas Philips of Kilsant Henry Lewis Griffith Elliott John Laugharne William Beynon Edward Jones of Tregib David Lewis of Llysnewidd Henry Vaughan of Place-Gwynne John Jones of Colebrooke William Brigstocke James Philips Zacharias Bevans Daniell Linegar Thomas Thomas Henry Philpe James Jones of Dole-Cothy Morgan Lloyd of Llansevin Thomas Davies of Kae Jenkin Lewis Price Walter Morgan Hugh Jones Anthony Williams Benjamin Lewis William Davis of Drusloyne Charles Dalton Thomas Philips of Llantharogg David Evans and Evan Price Gentlemen Samuell Lloyd of Forrest Gentleman I-

For the Borough of Carmarthen:

The Mayor Aldermen Comon Councill Chamberlaine and Sheriffes for the time being Sir Sackville Crowe Sir Rice Rudd Sir Hugh Owen Baronettf Sir Rice Williams Knight Rowland Gwynne Thomas Llwid Griffith Lloyd Edward Vaughan William Brigstock Henry Lloyd Marmaduke Williams Esquires Thomas Manwareing John Edwardf George Lewis Theophilus Bevans John Williams John Scurlocke Griffith Williams Anthony Jones Gentlemen

For the County of Carnarvan:

Richard Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Edward Russell The Honourable Thomas Bulkeley Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronett Sir William Williams of Vaynoll Baronett Sir Roger Mostyn Baronett Sir Robert Owen Knight Sir Robert Cotton Knight Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Thomas Burton John Hooke Nicholas Bagnall Roger Price Griffith Vaughan William Wynne of the Abbey William Williams of Place y Ward John Vaughan of Pant Glase George Twisleton John Jones Doctor of Divinity John Ellis Doctor of Divinity Owen Wynne of Glascoed Edward Williams William Maddrine George Coytmore James Brunkyre Love Parry John Thomas Conningsby Williams Owen Hughes Robert Hookes Hugh Bodurda Rowland Wynne of Llanvnda John Rowlandf William Glynne Rowland Wynne of Gian yr Afon Randle Wynne Francis Lloyd Richard Maddrine William Morgan Richard Edwardf William Wynne of Werne William Wynne of Gian yr Avon Griffith Wynne of Stimllin Hugh Lewis Lloyd Bodvell John Wynne Griffith Carreg William Griffith of Maddrinissa William Lloyd Lancellot Bulkeley Robert Pugh Lewis Lloyd Owen Wynne Pen y Bryn Humphrey Robertf Robert Griffith Thomas Fletcher William Williams Griffith Parry Richard Hughes John Vaughan Evan Lloyd Penmachno Hugh Stodart Owen Robertf John Maurice Thomas Ellis John Williams of Brymer Robert Ellis Edward Price Edward Owen William Griffith of Pen y rallt Watkin Owen John Pritchard of Llecheiddier Edward Price of Llysvarn and William Williams of the same John Edmund Edward Peirce

For the County of Denbigh

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Speaker of the Honourable House of Cdmons [and*] First I.ord Comissioner (3) of the Greate Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill John Lord Cuttf of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Sir John Trenchard Knight Cheife Justice of Chester Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronett Sir Richard Middleton Baronett Sir Evan Lloyd Baronett Sir Thomas Grosvenor Baronett Sir Walter Baggott Baronett Sir Roger Mostyn Baronett Sir John Conway Baronett Sir Robert Cotton Knight and Baronett Sir Wrilliam Williams Knight and Baronett Sir Francis Compton Knight Sir Robert Owen Knight Sir Jeffery Shackerly Knight Sir Roger Puleston Knight Edward Vaughan of Llangedwin Edward Brereton William Wynne of Melay Robert Davies of Llanerch William Williams of Plase ward Thomas Carter Kenricke Eyton Thomas Middleton Eubule Thelwall senior Roger Moston Joshua Edisbury William Robinson Ellis Lloyd John Robertf Eubule Thelwall junior Cadwalader Wynne Robert Price of Giller Owen Wynne ol Lloyne David Maurice Edward Maurice of Loraine Robert Wynne of Maesmochnant Roger Price Robert Griffiths of Brimbo Richard Middleton of Llansillin Ambrose Thellwall John Vaughan of Pant glas Symon Thelwall David Parry Thomas Wynne of Dyfrynaled John Middleton of Gwanonog Edward Griffiths Robert

i

1 Richard Phillips Gentleman 0.

* 0. omits.

s for the Custody 0.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

357

Trevor John Lloyd of [Gwarych1 ] Sidney Godolphin John Puleston Edward Wynne of Lanyfydd John Maesmore William Rutter Hedd Lloyd Peter Ellis John Dolben Edward Chambers John Aspoole Thomas Whitley John Williams David Williams Esquires Robert Wynne of Garthewin Chancellor of S'. Asaph Francis Lloyd Rector of Llandurnog Robert Wrynne of Garthmeilio Sidney Bunner John Puleston of Pickhill John Wynne of Fam Edward Griffith ot Garn Richard Eyton Booth Basnett Edward Lloyd of Place Maddocke David Lloyd of Llangollen Roger Middleton Richard Wynne of Aberkynleth Thomas Price of Bwich David Lloyd of Bodnant Robert Lloyd of Hendre-Walod Robert Edwardf of Plasyollin Edward Lloyd of Ddwyfan Peter Foulkes of Erriviat John Foulkes of Erriviatt Meredith Wynne of Nanclyn John Morris of Llis Timothy Middleton John Vaughan of Tibrith John Powell of Llandurnog Humphrey Yate Hugh Hughes of Brintangor Evan Lloyd of Covesyockin Edward Lloyd of Llanarmon Evan Wynne of Cummeine Henry Vaughan of Dynerth Owen Williams of Kynnant John Salusbury William Davies of Towin Gentlemen The Aldermen and Bavlifff of the Towne of Denbigh for the time being Thomas Shawe Robert Knowles Richard Matthewes John Lloyd of Bryn-Lliarth Thomas Twiston Edward Hughes of Ty'mawr Price Foulkes Robert Price Robert Robertf Gentlemen The Mayor of Holt for the time being The Aldermen of Ruthin for the time being Thomas Holland of Llanelian Charles Middleton of Llandurnog Gentlemen Owen Thellwall Esquire Ambrose Thelwali Esquire [Andrew Thellwall Esquire1] Andrew Thellwall Gentleman Charles Bradshaw Esquire Roger Trevor Gent Thomas Moreton of Chriffioneth Gentf Maurice Wynne of Llanganhavall Esquire

For the County of Flint:

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons First Lord Comissioner of the Greate Seale of England and one of Theire Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill John Lord Cuttf of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Hanmer Sir William Williams Sir Robert Cotton Knightf and Baronettf Sir Evan Lloyd Sir John Conway Sir Roger Mostynne Sir William Glynne Sir Richard Middleton Sir Thomas Grosvenor Baronettf Sir Robert Owen Sir Roger Puleston Sir John Trenchard Knightf Colonell Roger Whitley Colonell Thomas Salusbury Colonell Thomas Whitley William Hanmer Thomas Carter Roger Price Thomas Hanmer Robert Davies William Lloyd John Broughton Richard Mostynne Thomas Eyton Edward Lloyd ofTuthyn George Hope John Wynne Hugh Griffith Owen Barton senior Peirce Pennant Thomas Evans Kenricke Eyton Edward Lloyd of Pentre-hobin Thomas Ravenscrofte Edward Kinnaston Richard Parry Edward Morgan William Rutter Edward Brereton Thomas Williams Esquires Roger Mostynne Owen Barton Ellis Young Twisleton William Griffith Thomas Jones Peter Wynne Roger Jones John Pennant Thomas Foulkes Josiah Jones senior Thomas Lloyd of Gwernhailud Francis Edwardf Thomas Lloyd Roger Pennant Luke Lloyd junior Thomas Salusbury John Wynne John Puleston of Pickhill Roger Davies John Brooke Henry Lloyd William Butler Hugh Peirce William Jones Thomas Edwardf George Wynne Richard Foulkes Thomas Morton Richard Daves Humphrey Thomas William Cratchley Edward Bethell Edward Lewis Evan Lloyd John Facknald Thomas Lewis Morgan Whitley Gentlemen I*

For the County of Glamorgan

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester eldest Sonne to his Grace the Duke of Beaufort Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Stradling Sir Charles Kemys Sir John Awbrey Baronettf Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir Humphrey Mackworth Sir Humphrey Edwin Knightf John Windham Serjeant att Lawe Thomas Mansell Thomas Morgan Richard Lewis David Jenkins William Herbert Thomas Lewis Francis Gwynne Marmaduke Gibbs Richard Seys Edward Matthewes William Seys Bussey Mansell Richard Longer Richard Jenkins Samuell Edwynne Edward Mansell William Matthewes William Windham William [Herbert3] junior Martin Button Thomas Button Oliver S*. John George Bowen Christopher Portrey Walter Evans Thomas Gibbon William Awbery Reynald Veere John IJewellin Richard [Herbert3] John Price Esq^ Andrewe Matthewes Thomas Mansell of Penrice Jeremy Dawkins Thomas Rice James Gwynne William Edwardf Edward Mansell junior Richard Carne Thomas Powell of Coytrehen Godwin [Herbert3] Alexander Trotter James Allen William Philips lltid Nicholl of the Ham Iltid Nicholl John, Daniell Morrice John Bassett Thomas Price Thomas Pepkins Rowland Hughes Matthew Seys Philip William Richard William Roger Powell Richard Jenkins Anthony Powell of Loydarth Anthony Gwynne Robert Bidder Thomas Bidder Roger Williams Richard Thomas Edward Jenkins Doctor John Jones Chancellor of Landatfe The Bavlifff of Cardiffe for the time being Craddocke Wells Alexander Purcell John Sheeres Thomas Williams William Richardf Cradock Nowell Lewis Cox William Miles and Archer Aldermen William Thomas Towne-Clerke William Morgan of Coydygoras Thomas

Rice of Roath Thomas Williams of Lanishen The Bavlifff of Cowbridge The Portreve of Neathe The Portreve of Swanzey Gentlemen

For the County of Merioneth:

Sir Richard Middleton Baronett Sir Hugh Owens Baronett Sir John Wynne (4) Sir William Williams [Knightf and Baronettf 5] Sir Robert Owen Knight Griffith Vaughan of Corsygedol Esquire Hugh Nanny of Nanny Esquire William Lewis Anwill Esquire Edward Vaughan of Llwdiart Esquire Roger Price of Rhiwlas Esquire William Pugh of Mathavem Esquire William Wynne of Melay Esquire Owen Anwill of Penrhyn Esquire John Lloyd of Aberllavennv Esquire William Williams of Plaseward Vincent Corbett Esquires John Nanncy of Llanvenddiget John Vaughan of Gian y Llyn Charles Hughes of Gwerkles Esquire Owne Wynne of Pengwern Esquire Roger Salisbury of Rug Esquire Edmond Meirick Esquire Symon Lloyd Esquire William Wynne of Maesynueodd Richard Mitton Esquires Owen Eyton Gent Meredith Lloyd Anthony Thomas John Maesmore Thomas Lloyd of Llandeckwin Robert Pugh of Dole y moch William Eyton Robert Price of Ysgroweddan Richard Owens Esquires Hugh Tydur of Egrin

1 Gwrych 0. * O. omits. J Harbcrt 0. « Knight & Barronett O. b Knight & Barronctt 0.

4 Y

358

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1692.

Robert Wynne of Garthmeilio Gent David Lloyd of Hendw'r Edward Owen Gwastadfrin William Anwill of Dolefring [Mr Herbert1] Mr Robert Nanney of Kcfndauddwr Mr John Wynne of Garthmeilio Mr John Lewis of FcstionogMr John Lloyd of Cefnfais Mr John Morgans of Plasse Mr Edward Lloyd of Ddwyfain Mr Henry Mostyn Mr John Humphreys M'r Hugh Hughes MT Oliver Thomas M'r Griffith Robertf of Rhiwgoch M'r Edward Hughes of Towyn M*r Hugh Owens of Caerberllan M'r Robert Vaughan of Caerrwnwch MT William Humphreys M'r Thomas Loyd of Hendwr M'r Richard Humphreyes of Penrhyn M'r Griffith Vaughan of Dole-y-mclyn-Llwyn M'r John Price of Llwyn-Gwem M'r Caleb Lloyd M'r Ellis Davies M'r Robert Lloyd of Vron M'r Rees Pritchard of Llwyn-gwyrill M'r John Edwardf of Tonfane M'r Morrice Davies M'r Evan Wynne of Cummeine Mr John Vaughan of Caethley M'r Rowland Pugh of Esgair-anghell M'r Robert Owens of Digwin Mr John Lloyd of Doleglessin John Lloyd of Llwyn-Crwn Gent M'r Henry Parry M'r Griffiths Lloyd of Gwem-Engan MT John Evans of Tan y vwich MT Robert Owen of Dol-y-fere

For the County of Mountgomery:

The Honourable Andrew Newport Sir John Price Sir Charles Lloyd Baronettf Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Sir Edward Leighton Baronett Price Devereux William Pugh of Mathavern Edward Lloyd of Berth-Lloyd Edward Vaughan John Matthewes Francis Herbert Matthew Morgan John Kyffin Richard Owens Walter Clopton John Edwards of Rorington Edward Barrett Arthur Vaughan Thomas Rock Walter Price Arthur Devereux Richard Mitton Evan Glynnc Gabrieli Wynne Richard Lee Philip Eyton Daniell Whittingham Richard Herbert Richard Stedman Tho. Mason Nathaniell Maurice Humphrey Kynnaston Thomas Lloyd Peirce Lloyd Edward Price William Williams Robert Lloyd Arthur Weaver Matthew Price Meredith Morgan Vincent Peirce Rowland Owen of Lunloeth Lumley Williams junior John Thomas of Penegos Edmond Lloyd Richard Ingram Esquires Humphrey Lloyd Sydney Bynner Humphrey Jones Esquires Richard Mason Edward Jones Thomas Juckes Gilbert Jones John Griffiths of Glanhaveren Richard Rocke Roger Trevor Richard Matthewes Robert Ingram Brochwell Wynne Brochwell Griffiths William Lloyd of Fynnant Richard Price of Gunlcy Vaughan Devereux Thomas Griffiths Thomas Hodson Solomon Bowen Samuell Lloyd John Vaughan of Myvodd John Read Hugh Derwas Robert Kynnaston Hugh Davies of Colfrin John Davies of the same William Evans of Llandrinio Evan Jones of Llanlathian Morgan Edwardf John Herbert Richard Price of Bettus David Meredith of Llanwothcllan Thomas Gwynne Richard Glynne Rees Lloyd of Clochvan Edward Bowen of Penyralt John Wilson Edward Price of Streetvaylog Edmund Price Morgan David of Penegos Rondle Owen Richard Whittingham of the Farmc William Peirce Captaine John Lloyd of Domgay John Middleton of Churchstocke Evan Jones John Pugh of Kerry Charles Mason Lewis Williams of Llwyny-Ruddith Robert Davies of Maes-Maur James Price William Corbett Matthew Matthewes of Wern-ddu John Vaughan of Keel Thomas Seveme George Higgins Gentf John Mostyn Clerke Griffith Lloyd Clerke Thomas Parry Clerke John Williams Esquire

For the County of Pembroke:

Richard Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir Hugh Owen Sir Gilbert Lort Sir John Barlow Baronettf Sir William Wogan Knight Theire Majesties Serjieant att Lawe Edward Phillips Hector Philips Essex Mvrick Arthur Owen Rowland Laugharn Lewis Wogan of Wiston Lewis Wogan of Boulston William Scourfeild William Mordant Walter Middleton John Owen John Williams John Barlow senior George Lort John Laugharne Arthur Owen junior Morris Bowen Griffith Hawkwell Griffith Dawes Thomas Lloyd of Grove George Bowen William Skyrme Charles Philips William Warren James Lloyd John Barlow junior Thomas Corbett George Meare Lewis John William Wogan junior Griffith Elliott Henry Walter George Lehunt John Phillips John Lewis Arthur Laugharne David Parry John Edwardf Erasmus Corbett John Owen of Berclan Esquires William Davies of Lampeter Barrat Bowen George Bowen of Camross Matthew Bowen John Jordan William Foord senior William Foord junior Oven Ford George Jones of Brawdy Gwynne Vaughan George Harris John Owen of Preskelly George Lloyd James Laugharne Rice Adams Roger Adams Thomas Lloyd of Penpedwist John Child Thomas Jones John Wogan Robert Williams Lewis Matthias Morice Morgan Maurice Morris Theophilus Jones Stephen Morris George Lewis and John Wolly (Gentlemen The Mayor of Pembroke for the time being Francis Rogers Francis Danvers John Courcy Alexander Foord Aldermen The Mayor of Tenby for the time being Henry Williams Devereux Hammond James Lloyd Aldermen

For the Towne and County of Haverford West:

The Mayor and Aldermen and the Towne-Clerke for the time being

For the County of Radnor:

Sir John Morgan Sir Standish Harston Baronettf Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir Edward Williams Sir Lacon Child Knightf Robert Harley William Fowler Thomas Williams John Walcott John JefFeryes Thomas Lewis of Harpton Edward Lewis of Manoughty Marmaduke Gwynne Samuell Powell Thomas Harley Littleton Powell Henry Probart Edward Price Thomas Vaughan Edward Howarth William Probert Robert Cutler John Fowler Robert Lucy James Lloyd Charles Lloyd John Walsham William Brewster Jeremiah Powell Evan Bowen John Duvall Esquires Thomas Howorth Lewis Lloyd Thomas Lewis of Langwilte Nicholas Merydith Thomas Davis of Cumtytter John Davis of Coedglaescon Evan Vaughan William Lloyd Edward Harley Esquires Lemuell Lloyd Andrew Davis Walter Vaughan Nehemiah Kettleby William Tayler Herbert Weston Lloyd Weston Peter Richardf Jonas Stephens Henry Bull Thomas Powell Edward Philips Griffith Paine Walter Price John Whittney Gentlemen The Bayliffe and Aldermen of New Radnor for the time being Robert

1 O. omits.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

359

Price Esquire Recorder John Davies of Uron-Lace Hugh Stephens Esquires Hugh Lewis of Hendwall High Sheriffe Samuell Tonman Herbert Weston Lloyd Weston John Walsham Henry Bull Griffith Paine David Powell John Stephens Jonas Stephens Philip Taylor Thomas Owen James Donne Hugh Matthewes Roger Russell John Clarke John Watkins of Aberedow Thomas Probert Stephen Probert Walter Griffith [Thomas Griffith'] David Davies Henry Winter Hugh Evans Thomas Price Gentlemen Robert Williams Gentleman Henry Vaugham Gentleman

Which said Comissioners soe as aforesaid nominated and appointed shall in the respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughs Divisions Townes and Places for which they are appointed Comissioners respectively mcete together att the most usuall and cdinon Place of Meeteing within each of the said Countyes Cittyes Burroughs [ Townes Divisions1] and Places respectively upon the Fifteenth day of February which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and two and the said Comissioners or soe many of them as shall be psent att the First Generali Meeteing or the major parte of them may by theire Consent? and Agreement? divide aswell themselves as other the Comissioners not then psent for the Execucbn of this Act into Hundred? Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Ward? Townes and other Places within theire Limitt? priviledged or not priviledged in such manner and forme as to them shall seeme expedient (neverthelesse not thereby to restraine the said Comissioners from acting as Comissioners in any other parte of the County or Place for which they are nominated) And shall direct theire severall or joynt Precept or Precept? to such Inhabitant? High Constables Petty Constables Bayliff? and other like Officers and Ministers and such nomber of them as they in theire Discreams shall thinke most convenient requireing them to appeare before the said Comissioners att such Place and Time (not exceedeing Tennc Dayes) as they shall appointe And att such theire Appearances the said Comissioners shall openly reade or cause to be read unto them the Rates and Assessements in this Act menconed and alsoe openly declare the effect of theire charge to them and hows and in what manner they ought and should make theire Certificates and how they ought to proceede in the execucbn of this Act according to the Rates aforesaid And if any High Constables Petty Constables Bayliff? Inhabitant? or other Officers or Ministers to whome any Precept or Precept? shall be directed shall absent themselves without lawfull Excuse to be made out by the Oathes of Two credible Witnesses (wrhich Oathes the Comissioners or any Two of them are hereby impowfered to administer) or if any Person appeareing shall refuse to serve then every such Person soe makeing defaulte or refuseing to serve shall for every time of such defaulte or refusall forfeite and lose unto Theire Majesties such sumes as the Comissioners or soe many as shall be present or the major parte of them [being psent'] shall thinke fitt not exceedeing the sume of Five Pound? nor lesse than Forty Shilling? And att and after such Generali Meeteing had and charge given as aforesaid the said Comissioners shall take care that Warrant? be issued forth and directed to two at the least of the most able and sufficient Inhabitant? of each Parish Towneshipp or Place within the respective Divisions thereby appointing and requireing them to be Assessors of all and every the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed and shall [alsoe therein3] appoint and pfix a certaine Day and Place for the said Assessors to appeare before them and to bring in theire Certificates in w'riteing of the Names and Sirnames of every Person dwelling and rcsideing within the limitt? of those Places with which they shall be charged and of the Substance and Values of every of them in ready Money Debt? Good? Chattell? or other personall Estate whatsoever (excepte before excepted) or in Publickc Offices or Imployment? of Profitt And the said Assessors are therein alsoe to be required and are hereby injoyned to ascertaine and informe themselves by all lawfull wayes and meanes they cann of the true and full yearely value of all Mannors Messuages Land? and Tenements as alsoe of all Quarries Mynes of Coale Tynn or Lead Copper Mundicke or other Mynes Iron Workes Salt Spring? and Salt Workes Allome Mynes and Workes Parkes Chases Warrens Wood? Under Wood? and Coppices and all Fishing? Tythes Toll? Annuities and other yearely Profitt? and of all Hereditament? of what nature or kinde soever scituate lyeing and being happening or ariseing within the limitt? of those Places w'ith which they shall be charged And being soe thereof ascertained they are to assesse all and every the said Mannors Messuages Land? Tenement? and Premises before appointed to be charged after the Rate of Four Shilling? for every Twenty Shilling? of the full yearely value as the same are lett for or wrorth to be lett att the rime of assessing thereof as aforesaid and to bring with them att the lime and place soe as aforesaid prefixed for theire appeareance a Certificate in w'riteing of the said Assessement and' shall then alsoe returne the names of Two or more able and sufficient Persons liveing within the [limitt? &'] bound? of those Parishes Towneshipps Constablewick? or Places where they shall be chargeable respectively to be Collectors of the moneyes to be paide to Theire Majesties by this Act for wrhose payeing in to the Head Collector in manner hereafter mene&ned such moneys as they shall be charged withall the Parish or Place wherein they are soe imployed shall be answereable And if any Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall neglect or refuse to serve or shall make defaulte att the time appointed for his appeareance (not liaveing a lawfull excuse to be witnessed by the Oathes of Two credible Witnesses wrhich the said Comissioners or any Two of them have power to administer) or shall not performe his Duty every such Assessor shall for every such neglecte refusall or defaulte forfeite and lose unto Theire Majesties such sume as the Comissioners or soe many of them as shall be present or the major parte of them shall thinke fitt not exceedeing the Sume of Twenty Pound? nor under the sume of Tenne Pound? to be levyed by Distresse and Sale of the Offendors Good? and Chattell? in like manner as by this Act is appointed for levying the severall Rates and Assessment? herein menebned in case of neglecte or refusall of Payment and to be charged upon the respective Receivers Generali together with the said Rates and Assessements And every Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall before he take upon

Commissioners to meet upon the 15th of February ; and may divide themselves;

such division not to restrain them from acting in any other part of the County; and to dircCt Precepts to Inhabitants, &c. requiring them to appear ; then to read the Rates, and charge them how to make' Certificates, &c.

such Persons

absenting,

Penalty.

At or after such General Meeting, Commissioners to dircCt Warrants for Assessors;

and to prefix a day and place to bring in Certificates of Names of Persons, and of Personal Estate, Offices, &c.

Assessors to inform themselves by all lawful ways of the full yearly Value of Manors and Hereditaments

and then to assess 4s. per Pound of full yearly Value

and to bring, at time prefixed, a Certificate of Assessment;

and to return Collectors; for whose Payment to the Head Collectors Parish to be answerable. Assessors neglecting or refusing to serve, or making Default;

Penalty.

Distress.

Charged upon Receiver General.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Divisions Townes O.

5 therein alsoe O.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

yl.D.\692.

Every Assessor, before he acts, to take the Oaths of i W. & M. Sess. i c. 8.

VI. Certificates of Assessments to be returned to the Commissioners before 28th Feb. unless they give further time.

On return of Certificates, Commissioners or any Three may examine Presenters. If Commissioners 6uspe& that Persons, &c. are omitted ; or the Value of Lands,

they may summon Party to be examined.

Persons summoned not appearing ; Penalty.

Commissioners may examine into Value of Premises, and set Rates accordingly. Assessors to give one Copy of Assessments to Commissioners, who are to sign and seal Duplicates.

One delivered to Sub-collcdors; Others to Head Collectors and Receivers General. Commissioners to cause Extract of Sums charged,

&c. to be certified into Exchequer before 20th Day of March, or within 30 Days after. King's Remembrancer within Three Months to transcribe Duplicates, &c. and transmit same to the Auditor of Exchequer.

VII.

Commissioners to issue Warrants to Sub-collcCtors for levying, &c.

Sub-coUectors to levy and collect according to their Duplicates; and make Demand of Rates of Parties, or at last Place of Abode.

Head Collectors to hasten Sub-collectors.

In case of neglect of Sub-collectors, Levy by Distress.

him the execucon of the said Imployment take the Oathes menconed and required to be taken by an Act made in the Parliament held in the First Yeare of Theirc Majesties Raigne entituled An Act for the abbrogateing the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointeing other Oathes (which Oathes any Two Comissioners in the County where the said Assessement is to be made have hereby power and are required hereby to administer

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the rates and assessmentf upon all Ready Moneyes Debts Goods Chatties Personall Estates and Publicke Offices and Imploymentf of Profitt charged by this Act shall be ascertained and the Certificates thereof returned to the Comissioners upon or before the Eight and twentieth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two unlesse the Comissioners shall thinke fitt to give further time And alsoe the Taxacbns and Assessementf of the Pound Rate of Four Shillingf in the Pound of the yearely value of all Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and pmisses charged by this Act shall be made and ascertained and the severall and respective Certificates thereof returned in to the Comissioners upon or before the eight and twentieth day of February aforesaid unlesse the Comissioners shall thinke fitt to give further time. And upon returne of any such Certificate the Comissioners or any Three or more of them shall and may (if they see cause) examine the Presenters thereof. And if the said Comissioners or any Three or more of them within theire severall limittf att the time of the returne of the Certificates as aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after shall knowe or have good cause to suspefte That any Person or Persons or any the Mannors Messuages Lands or other the Premisses which ought to [be1] menconed and charged in the said Certificates is or are omitted or that any Person or Persons in the said Certificates menconed is or are of a greater Estate or that any the said Mannors or other Premises are of agreater yearely value then in the said Certificate is menconed the said Comissioners or any Three or more of them shall have power to sumon such Person or Persons and the Owners or Possessors of such Mannors or other Premisses to appeare before them att a day and place p^fixed to be examined touching the matters aforesaid And if the Person or Persons summoned to be soe examined shall neglect to appeare (not haveing a reasonable excuse for such his default) ever)' Person soe makeing defaulte shall pay to Theire Majesties double the slime he should or ought to have beene sett att or rated: And moreover

the Comissioners or the major part of soe many of them as shall be present shall have power by all lawfull waves and meanes to examine into the Estate of such Person and the value of such Premisses chargeable by this Act and to sett such Rate or Rates upon the same as shall be according to the true intent of this Act. And the said Assessors are hereby required to give One Coppye of theire Certificates or Assessmentf fairely written and subscribed by them unto the said Comissioners by whome they were appointed And the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to cause the said severall and respective Assessmentf to them delivered (when by them approved of or altered according to the true intent of this Act) to be fairely written and to signe and seale severall Duplicates or Coppies of the said Assessement And one of them soe signed and sealed forthwith to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the Sub-collectors and shall likewise deliver or cause to be delivered other Coppies thereof soe signed and sealed unto the Head-Collectors and Receivers Generali according to their c severall and respective Colleccons and Receiptf. And moreover the Comissioners shall cause a true Coppye or Extra[c']te of the wholl sumes assessed and charged w'ithin every Hundred Lathe Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated or assessed in pursuance of this Act and of the wholl sumes rated or assessed upon Personall Estates Offices or Imploymentf to be certified and transmitted into Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer under the Hands and Seales of any Two or more of the Comissioners but without nameing the Persons in such theire Certificates And this [the1] said Comissioners shall cause to be done upon or before the Twentieth Day of March then next ensueing or within Thirty Dayes after (all Appeales to them made being first determined) And the Kings Remembrancer in the Exchequer for the time being shall and is hereby required within Three Months after the Duplicates of the last Payment shall be transmitted to him to transcribe all the Schedules and Duplicates of the Sumes returned to him from and for every respective County Rideing City and Towne and every Hundred Wapentake Parish Division Towne and Place therein in a Booke of Parchment in Alphabeticall Order and in a faire legible Handwriteing And within Three Months after the same shall be soe by him received to transmitt all and every the same Schedules and Duplicates to the Office or Writer of the Tallies comonly called the Auditor of the Receipte of the Exchequer who is hereby likewise authorised and required to enter the same in the like Alphabeticall Order in another Booke of Parchment fairely written to be provided for that purpose

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Comissioners or any Twro or more of them shall issue out theire Warrantf or Estreatf to the Sub-collectors under theire Hands and Seales thereby requireing them to levy and collect one fourth parte of the Rates and Assessments in respecte of theire Personall Estates Offices and Imploymentf and alsoe One fourth parte of the Pound Rate charged upon all Mannors Messuages Lands Tenements and Hereditamentf and Premisses as aforesaid And the said Sub-collectors are hereby required and enjoyned to levy and collect the same according to the Duplicates thereof by them received and according to the intent and direccons of this Act and to make demand of the said Rates and Assessementf upon Personall Estates Offices and Imploymentf of the Parties themselves if they canne be found or otherwise att the Place of theire last abode and to pay the same unto their c respective Head Collectors on or before the Tenth Day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two or within Twenty dayes after And the said Head-Collectors are to hasten the

said Sub-collectors And in case the same shall not be collected by reason of neglect or failure of duty of the said

Sub-collectors the said Head Collectors are to levy by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any Two or more of the fsaid1] Commissioners by Distresse upon the Sub-collectors respectively such Sumc and Sumes of Money

as by him and them ought to have beene paid and is or are not paid by reason of his failure in doeing his

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

361

Duty according to the direccons of this Act And every Head Collector is hereby required to make

Payment of what shall be soe levyed or received unto the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Twentieth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the

Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors and to pay what he shall receive from the said Head Collectors unto the Receipte of Their Majesties Exchequer upon or

before the Five and twentieth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to the end that the First

Payment of the said Rates and Assessementf may by that time be fully answered and paid in to Theire Majesties

And the Sub-collectors shall alsoe levy the Second Quarterly Payment of the said Rates and Assessementf charged as aforesaid upon or before the Second day of June then next ensueing or within Twenty Dayes after and shall alsoe pay the same into the Head. Collectors upon or before the Ninth day of June aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Head Collectors shall make Payment thereof to the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Sixteenth day of June aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Receiver Generali is alsoe required to make Payment of all which he shall soe receive into Theire Majesties Receipte of Exchequer upon or before the Four and twentieth day of June aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to the end that the second payment of the said Rates and Assessementf soe charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully answered and paid in to Theire Majesties And the said Sub-collectors are alsoe required and enjoyned to levy one other Quarterly Payment of the said Rates and Assessementf charged as aforesaid upon or before the Fourth day of September then next ensueing and shall alsoe pay the same unto the said respective Head Collectors on or before the Twelveth day of September aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Head Collectors are to hasten the said Sub-collectors and in case the same shall not be collected by reason of neglect or failure of Duty in the said Sub-collectors the Head Collectors are to proceede against them by Distresse in like manner and by like Warrant as aforesaid And every Head-Collector is hereby required to make payment of what shall be soe levyed or received unto the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Twentieth day of September aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors and to pay what he shall receive from the said Head Collectors into the Receipte of Theire Majesties Exchequer upon or before the nine and twentieth day of September aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to the end that the Third Payment of the said Rates and Assessementf may by that time be fully answered and paid into Theire Majesties And the Sub-collectors shall alsoe levy one other Quarterly Payment of the said Rates and Assessmentf charged as aforesaid upon or before the Second day of December then next ensueing or within Twenty dayes after and shall alsoe pay the same unto the said Head Collectors upon or before the Ninth day of December aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Head Collectors shall make Payment thereof to the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Sixteenth day of December aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after And the said Receiver Generali is alsoe required to make Payment of all which he shall soe receive into Theire Majesties Receipte of Exchequer upon or before the Five and twentieth day of December aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to the end that the Fourth and last Quarterly Payment of the said Rates and Assessmentf soe charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully answered and paid in to Theire Majesties And all Comissioners Collectors and Receivers are hereby required and enjoyned to apply themselves with all diligence to the most speedy and effectuall Exccucbn of theire severall and respective Dutyes and to use theire utmost endeavours that all Estates herein charged may equally pay the Rates and Assessmentf according to the direccons of this Act that soe Theire Majesties Service herein may not be delayed or hindred through any of theire willfull neglect or default

And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That the Moneyes received by the Sub-collectors within theire respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duely paid to the Head Collectors whose receipte shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Sub-collector which Sub-collector for gathering the said particular Sumes shall retaine in his hands for every Twenty Shillingf by him soe paid Three Pence as a reward for his paines and service And the Head Collectors shall accordingly pay over the said moneyes unto the Receiver Generali of each County City or Place respectively in manner aforesaid which Head Collector or Collectors shall be nominated and appointed by the Receiver Generali of the respective Countycs

which said Receiver Generali shall be answereable for all such sumes of money as shall be by him or them

collected or received and that noe Sub-collector shall be inforced to travell above the space of tenne miles for the payment of the said moneyes that shall be by him collected or received And the said Receiver Generallf acquittance shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Head Collector and the Receiver Generali shall pay the wholl Sume by him received into the Receipte of Theire Majesties Exchequer in such manner and att and before such dayes and times as are herein before liinitted And shall have an allowance of two pence in the Pound for all moneyes which

shall be by him paid into the Receipte of the Exchequer upon or before the times pffixed in this Act

And for the carefull writeing and transcribeing the said Warrantf Certificates Estreatf and Duplicates in due time it is further enacted That the Comissioners Clerkf who shall respectively performe the same shall by Warrant under Two or more of the Comissioners hands have and receive from the respective Receivers Generali one Penny in the Pound of all such moneyes as he or they shall have received by vertue of such Warrantf and Estreatcs who are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly And if any person shall neglect or refuse to pay the severall Rates and Assessmentf wherewith he is charged by this Act for or in respect of his Personall Estate Offices or Imploymentf and which he ought to pay Or if the Pound Rate or any Payment thereof soe as aforesaid charged upon any Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and Premisses shall be neglected or refused to be paid then upon demand made by the Officer or Collector of the place according to

Head Collectors to pay in to Receiver General on or before 20th of March.

Receiver to pay into Exchequer on or before 25 th of March.

Time for the Second Quarterly Payment.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, who is to pay into the Exchequer.

Time for the Third Quarterly Payment.

Head Collectors to hasten Sub-collectors, and may proceed by Distress.

Head Collector to pay to Receiver General.

Receiver General to hasten Head Collectors and pay into Exchequer.

Time for the last Quarterly Payment.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, who is to pay into Exchequer.

All Persons concerned in the Execution of this Act to use Diligence, flee.

virr.

Head Collector's Receipt a Discharge to Subcollector. Subcollector to have 3d. in the Pound.

Head Collector to pay to and be appointed by Receiver. SiibcolIector travelling.

Receiver General's Acquittance a Discharge, who is to pay into Exchequer. Allowance to Receiver General.

IX. Commissioners Clerks to have id. per Pound for writing Warrants, flee. Persons neglecting, flee, to pay Rate,

or if Pound Rate not paid.

Collectors to distrain

4z

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1692.

r.nd to keep the Distress Four Days at Owner's Charge ; then to be appraised and sold, and Overplus restored.

Breaking open Houses, Chest s,&c. in the Day-time; calling to Assistance Constables, &c.

X.

Parents and Guardians to pay Rates imposed on Infants;

and upon Negled, &c. to be proceeded against a:> other Defaulters.

Sums paid allowed upon their Accounts. Tenants to pay Rates, and to deduct out of Rent.

Landlords to allow such Deductions.

XI.

Persons to be rated for Offices at Places where executed ; and for Personal Estates where resident.

Persons not Housholders rated where resident at Execution of Ad-Persons out of the Realm rated for Personal Estate where last resident within the Realm.

XII.

Persons having Goods, ftc. in any County (other than County wherein they live) rated in County where Goods are.

Persons to be rated for Lands, See. in the Place where such Lands lie.

XIII. Persons in respect of several Places

of Residence, being doubly charged for Personal Estate, upon Certificate and Oath thereof, to be discharged for so much.

Persons who by Fraud shall escape being taxed, doubly charged.

the precepte or Estreate to him delivered by the said Comissioners it shall and may be lawfull to and for such

Officer or Collector and he and they is and are hereby required for nonpayment thereof to distreyne the person

or persons soe refuseing or neglecting to pay by his or theire Goods or Chattells or to distraine upon the

Messuages Lands Tenements and Premisses soe charged and the Goods and Chattells then and diere found and

the Distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of Four dayes att the Costs and Charges of the Owner thereof And if the said Owner doe not pay the sume of money due by this Act within the said Four dayes then the said Distresse to be appraised by Two or Three of the Inhabitantf where the said Distresse is taken and to be sold by the said Officer or Collector for the payment of the said money and the overplus comeing by the said Sale if any be over and above the charges of takeing and keepeing the Distresse to be imediately restored to the Owner thereof. And moreover it shall be lawfull to breake open in the Day time any House and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any Two or more of the said Comissioners any Chest Trunke or Box or other things where such Goods are calling to theire assistance the Constables Tytheing men or Headboroughs within the Countyes Townes or Places where any refusall neglect or resistance shall be made which said Officers are hereby required to be aideing and assisting in the Premisses

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That where any Person or Persons chargeable with any Rates or Assessementf by this Att imposed shall be under the age of One and twenty yeares in every such case the Parents Guardians or Tutors of such Infantf respectively upon defaulte of payment by such Infantf shall be and are hereby made lyable to and chargeable with the Paymentf which such Infantf ought to have made. And if such Parents Guardians or Tutors shall neglecte or refuse to pay as aforesaid it shall and may be lawfull to proceede against them in like manner as against any other Person or Persons makeing defaulte of payment as herein before appointed. And all Parents Guardians or Tutors makeing payment as aforesaid shall be allowed all and every the siimes soe paid for such Infantf upon his and theire accounts. And the severall and respective Tennantf of all and every the Mannors Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses which by vertue of this Act shall be chargeable with any Pound Rates as aforesaid are hereby required and authorized to pay such sume or

sumes of money as shall be rated upon such Mannors Messuages Lands Teneinentf Hereditamentf and Premisses

and to dedu& out of theire Rents soe much of the said Rates as in respect of the said Rents payable for such Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf or Premisses the Landlord should and ought to beare. And all Landlordf both mediate and imediate (according to theire respective Interests) are hereby required to allowe such deduccons and payments upon receipte of the residue of the Rents And every Tennant paying the said Assesseinents of the Pound Rates shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged for soe much money as the said Assessement shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually paid unto such Person or Persons unto whome his Rent should have beene due and payable

And be it further Enacted That every Person rated or assessed for his Office or Employment shall be rated and pay for his said Office and Imployment in the County City or Place where such Office or Imployment is executed And every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respecte of any Personall Estate to him any way belonging shall be rated att such place where he or shee shall be resident att the time of the execucon of this ACT And all Persons not being Housholders nor haveing a certaine place of residence shall be taxed [att the place1] where they shall be resident att the time of the execuCbn of this Act. And if any Person who ought to be taxed by vertue of this

Act for or in respede of his Personall Estate shall att the time of his Assessement be out of the Realme such

Person shall be rated therefore in such County City or Place where he was last abideing within the Realme

Provided That where any Person shall have any Goods Wares or Merchandizes in any County or Counties other then the County where he shall be resident or had his last Residence it shall be lawfull to rate or assesse

such Person for such Goods Wares or Merchandizes in the County or Countyes where the same shall be and

every Person who shall be rated or assessed for or in respede of any Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf or other the Premisses according to the Pound Rate of Four shillingf as aforesaid shall be rated and assessed in the Place where such Messuages Mannors Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and Premisses respectively doe lye and not elsewhere

Provided alwaies That if any Person or Persons by reason of his or theire haveing severall Mancon Houses or Places of Residence or otherwise shall be doubly charged by occasion of this Act for or in respede of his or theire Personall Estate then upon Certificate made by Two or more of the Comissioners for the County Citty or Place of his or theire last Personall Residence under theire Hands and Seales of the sum or sumes charged upon him or them and in what capacity or respect he or they were soe charged (which Certificate the said Comissioners are required to give without Delay Fee or Rewarde) And upon Oath made of such Certificate before any one Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the said Certificate shall be made (which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby authorized and required to administer) then the Person and Persons soe doubly charged shall for soe much as shall be soe certified be discharged in every other County City or Place And if any Person

that ought to be taxed by vertue of this A & for or in respect of his Personall Estate shall by changeing his

Place of Residence or by any other Fraud or Covin escape from the Taxacon and not be taxed and the same be proved before the Comissioners or any Two of them or before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County where such Person dwelleth or resideth att any time within one Yeare next ensueing after such Tax made every

4° Gul

363

. & Mar. c. 1.

Person that shall soe escape from the Taxacon and Payment shall be charged (upon Proofe thereof) at the double value of soe much as he should or ought to have beene taxed at by this Act the said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Comissioners or Justices (before whome such Proofe shall be made) to be levied of the Goods Lands and Tenement? of such Persons

And for the better Discovery of Personal! Estates be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid That every Housholder shall upon Demand of the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places give zn Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as shall sojome or lodge in theire respective Houses'*

Axd be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Comissioners that shall be within any County City or Place within the respective Limittf or the major parte of them shall rate tax and assesse every other Comissioner joyned with them for and in respecte of the ready Money Debts Goods Chattellf and Personall Estate of such Comissioners and alsoe for and in respecte of the Offices and Imploymentf of Profitt which att the time of such Taxacon shall be held and enjoyed by such Comissioners soe as the Residence and usuall dwelling Place of such Comissioner soe to be taxed be within the Division of such Comissioner by whome he is taxed and soe as the Office or Imployment held and enjoyed by such Comissioner soe to be taxed be likewise to be exercised within the Division or Limittf of such Comissioner by whome he is to be taxed. And the Comissioners within theire Division shall alsoe assesse every Assessor within theire Division for all and singuler the Premisses for which by this Act he ought to be rated and assessed, and aswell all sumes assessed upon every the said Comissioners and Assessors as the Assessement made and sett by the Assessors aforesaid shall be written estreated levyed and gathered as the same should and ought to have beene if such Comissioners had not beene named Comissioners

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons haveing any Share or Shares or Interest^ in any fresh streame of running waters brought to the North Parts of London comonly called The New River or in any Thames Water-workes or in the Hyde-Parke or Marybone Waters or in any Rents or Profittf ariseing thereby and all and every Person and Persons haveing any Share or Interest in the Stock or Stocks for printing of Bookes in or belonging to the House comonly called The Kings Printing House shall pay for the same the sume of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the full yearely value thereof. And all and ever)r Person and Persons haveing any Share or Shares or Interest in the River Water brought to the North parts of London or in any [Thames1] Water-wrorkes or the Hyde Park or Marybone Waters or in any Rents or Profitf ariseing thereby charged by this Act and alsoe the said Stock and Shares for printing as aforesaid shall be

assessed for the same by the Comissioners nominated and appointed for the City of London or any Three of

them after the Rates herein conteined. And the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Comissioners shall appointe by [the1] Treasurers or Receivers of the said River Waters and Water-workes and Stock for printing and to be deducted att and out of theire next Dividend

Provided alsoe That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitantf of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guemesey for and concemeing any such Personall Estate which they or any to theire use have within the said Kingdomes and Island?. And if any person or persons certified assessed or rated for or in respect of any reall or psonall Estate

or for or in respect of any matter or thing for which by this Act he or they is or may be rated or charged

doe finde him or themselves agrieved with such assesscing or rateing and doe within Tenne dayes after demande thereof made complaine to the Comissioners the said Comissioners or any Five or more of them soe as the major parte of the Comissioners who signed or allowed his or theire rates be present shall and may within Tenne dayes next after such complaint particularly examine any person or persons upon his or theire Oath touching the value of his or theire reall or personall Estate and other the matters aforesaid and upon due examinacbn or knowledge thereof abate defalke increase or enlarge the said Assessement and the same soe abated increased or enlarged shall be levied and shall be certified or estreated into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid. And to that end the said Comissioners are hereby required to meete together for the determineing such complaintf and appeales accordingly and for this end to expresse in theire Warrant? to the Collectors the times and places for determineing appeales and appeales once heard and determined to be fynall without any further appeale upon any pretence whatsoever

And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Assessor Collector Receiver or other person appointed by the Comissioners shall willfully neglect or refuse to performe his duty in the due and speedy execucon of this Act Or if any Assessor shall wittingly or knowingly under rate or assesse att an under Value any person or thing chargeable by this Act the said respective Comissioners or any Three or more of them may and shall by vertue of this Act impose on such person and persons soe refuseing neglecting or not performeing theire dutyes any hine not exceedeing the sume of Twenty pound? nor under the sume of Tenne pound? for every Ofience which said Fyne shall shall not be taken off or discharged but by the consent of the majority of the Comissioners wrho imposed the same the said Fynes to be levyed and certified as aforesaid into Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer and charged upon the respective Receivers Generali amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid. And the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them may and shall from time to time call for and require an account from the respective Receivers Generali of all the moneyes received by him of the said Head Collectors and of the payment thereof into Theire Majesties Receipte of Exchequer according to the direction of this Act. And in case of any failure in the Premisses the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act '•

XIV.

IIou&holderH to give Account of Lodgers to Assessors.

XV.

Commissioners within their Division to rate each other for their Personal Estates and Ollices.

Commissioners to assess the Assessors.

XV r.

Shares in New River, Thames, Hyde Park, or Marybone Waters; Interest in the King's Printing House

assessed by Commissioners appointed for London

and the Sums paid by the Treasurers, &c. of the said Water Works.

XVII. Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey or Guernsey. Persons aggrieved may complain to Commissioners within Ten Days. Major Part of Commissioners who signed the Rate to examine upon Oath, and abate or increase Assessment. Commissioners to meet for determining Appeals.

XVIII.

Assessor, &c. neglerting or refusing to do his Duty;

Commissioners to fine, not exceeding actO nor under s€io.

Any Two Commissioners may require Account from Receivers General;

and may levy.

1 interlined on the Roll.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.l). 1692.

XIX.

If Controversy concerning assessing Commissioners, Commissioners concerned to withdraw ; in default Commissioners present may fine, not exceeding /£ao.

All Questions determined by Commissioners.

Receivers General to give Head Collectors Receipts gratis.

Head Collectors to give Receipts gratis

to Subcollc&ors.

Subcolledtors to deliver a Schedule to Head Collectors of Defaulters where there is no Distress; which Schedule is to be delivered to Receivers General and returned by him into the Exchequer.

And it is hereby F.nafted and Declared That in case any Controversie arise concemeing the said Assessment^ or the divideing apportioning or payment thereof which concernes any the Comissioners by this Act appointed that the Comissioners soe concerned in the said Controversie shall have noe voyce but shall withdrawe att the time of the debate of any such Controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Comissioners: And in defaulte thereof that the Comissioners then present shall have power and are hereby required to impose such Fyne or Fynes as to them shall be thought fitt upon such Comissioners soe refuseing to withdrawe not exceedeing the Sume of Twenty pounds and to cause the same to be levyed and paid as other Fynes to be imposed by virtue of this Act are to be levyed and paid. And all Questions and Differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assessementf or Levyes shall be heard and fynally determined by the Comissioners in such manner as by this Act is directed upon complainte thereof to them made by any Person or Persons thereby [agreived1] without further trouble or Suite in the Lawe. And the said Receivers Generali shall give Acquittances (gratis^ to the said Head Collectors for all moneyes of them received. And the said Head Collectors shall alsoe give Acquittances (gratis) to the Sub-collectors for all such moneyes as shall be paid them in pursuance of this Act. And the said Subcolleftors shall make and deliver to the said Head Collectors a perfect Schedule fairely written in Parchment under theire Hands and Seales signed and allowed by any Two or more of the r^speftive Comissioners containeing the Names Sirnames and Places of Abode of every Person within theire respective Colleccons that shall make defaulte of payment of any of the sumes that shall be rated or assessed on such Person by virtue of this Act where noe sufficient Distresse is to be found and not otherwise and the sume and sumes charged on every such Person the same Schedule to be delivered by the Head Collector to the Receiver Generali of the County City or Place respectively to be by him returned into Theire Majesties Court of Exchequer whereupon every Person soe makeing defaulte of Payment may be charged by Processe of the said Courte according to the course of the Courte of Exchequer in such Cases

XX.

No Privilege of Exemption from Subsidies, &c. shall extend to Rates granted by this Act.

XXL

Ink. bit ants in Cities, Set. not compellable to be Assessors, See. nut of Limits.

XXII.

Proviso for Colleges, See. in the Universities, the Colleges of Windsor. Eaton, Winchester and Westminster, and for Hospitals, in respect of Scitcs of Colleges, 5(c. and for Christ's Hospital, and other Hospitals and Almshouses.

And be it further F.nafted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Letters Pattentf granted by Theire Majesties or any of Theire Royall Progenitors to any Person or Persons Cityes Boroughs or Townes Corporate within this R^alme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exempcons from Subsidies Tollf Taxes Assessementf or Aids shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Persons City Place Borough or Towne Corporate or any of the Inhabitantf of the same or in the Tower of London from the Burthen and Charge of any Sume or Sumes of money granted by this Act but that all and every such Person and Persons City Place Borough and Towne Corporate shall pay theire pporcons of all Rates and Assessementf by this Act imposed any such Letters Pattentf Grants or Charters or any Clause of Non Obstante Matter or Thing therein conteined or any Lawe Statute Custome or pscripc&n to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alsoe That noe Person inhabiting in any City Borough or Towne Corporate shall be compelled to be an Assessor or Collector of or [for1] any parte of the Rates and Assessementf hereby granted in any Place or Places out of the Limittf of the said City Borough or Towne Corporate;.

Provided That nothing conteined in this Act shall extend to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the Two Universities or the Colledges of Windsor Eaton Winton or Westminster or the Corporation of the Governours of the Charitye for Reliefe of poore Widdowes and Children of Clergymen or the Colledge of Bromley or any Hospitall for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges Halls or Hospitallf or any Master Fellowe or Schollar of any such Colledge or Hall or any Reader Officer or Minister of the [said2] Universities Colledges or Halls or any Master or Usher of any Scoole for or in respecte of any Stipend Wages or Profittes whatsoever ariseing or groweing due to them in respect of the said severall Places and Employmentf in the said Universities Colledges or Schooles or to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall S'. Bartholomewes Bridewell S‘. Thomas and Bethelem Hospitall in the City of London and Borough of Southwarke or any of them or the said Corporacon of the Governours of the Charity for Reliefe of Poore Widdowes and Children of Clergymen or the Colledge of Bromley, nor to extend to charge any other Hospitall or Almeshouses for or in respecte only of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitallf or Almeshouses being to be received and disbursed for the imediate Use and Releife of the Poor in the said Hospitallf or Almeshouses only \

XXIII.

Tenants of Hospitals rated for what the Lands are worth above Rents reserved.

Provided That noe Tennant of any Lands or Houses by Lease or Grant from the said Corporacon or any of the said Hospitallf or Almeshouses doe claimc and enjoye arty Freedome or Exemption by this Act but that all the Houses and Lands which they soe hold shall be rated and assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Corporacon or to the said Hospitallf or Almeshouses to be received and disbursed for the imediate Support and Relief of the Poore in the said Hospitallf and Almeshouses *.

XXIV. Provided alsoe That where any Person inhabiting within the City of London or any other City or Towne

one PaririiT^n^iid Corporate hath his Dwellinghouse in one of the Parishes and Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Goods in another, Merchandizes chargeable by this Act in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards in the same City that then

they dwelL*" * ^ such Person shall be charged taxed and assessed for such his Goods and Merchandizes in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth and not elsewhere in the said City \

A.D. 16\92.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. L.

365

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the avoideing all Obstructions and Delayes in assessing and collecting the Sumes which by this AS. are to be rated and assessed all Places Constablewickf Divisions and Allottementf which have used to be rated and assessed shall pay and be assessed in such County Hundred Rape Wapentake Constablewicke Division Place and Allottement as the same hath heretofore usually beene assessed in and not elsewhere

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish or Constablewicke shall lye unoccupied and noe distresse canne be found on the same nor the Person of [the1] true Owner or

Proprietor canne be found within the County where[in1 ] such House or Land lyeth by reason whereof the Rate

and Assessement upon such unoccupied House and Lands cannot be levyed that then upon Complainte made thereof to the Comissioners for the County where such case shall happen to be the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them shall certifie into Theire Majesties Courte of Exchequer the Name of the Person whose Lands or House soe lyeth unoccupied together with the Sume thereupon assessed and the Parish or Place where such Land or House lyeth which Certificate is hereby declared to be a sufficient Charge upon the Person and Land or House therein named and shall make the Person Debtor to Theire Majesties for the suinc soe assessed and the Court of Exchequer shall issue out Processe thereupon against the Body Goods and all other the Lands of such Debtor untill the Sume soe assessed be fully and actually levyed and paid to Theire Majesties

And itt is hereby further enabled and declared That att the Expiracon of the respective times in this Act prescribed for the full Payment of the severall and respective Rates and Assessmentf herein before granted the severall and respective Comissioners or any Two or more of them within theire Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the Cheife Collectors and Sub-collectors within each respective Division and Hundred to examine and assure themselves of the full and whole Payment of the particular sume and sumes

of money charged within and upon the said Division and Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of

the due returne of the same into the Hands of the Receiver Generali of the said County City Towne [or1] Place respectively and by such Receiver Generali to the Receipte of Theire Majesties Exchequer to the end there may be noe Failure in the Payment of any parte of the Rates and Assessementf which by this Act ought to be levyed and paid And in case of any Failure in the Premisses the Comissioners or any two of them are to cause the same fort[h‘]with to be levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Accon Suite Plainte or Information shall be comenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for whatsoever he or they shall doe in pursuance or [in '] execucbn of this Act such Person or Persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall and may pleade the Generali Issue not Guilty and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the Speciall Matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiffc or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict shall passe against him the Defendants shall recover their Treble Cost? for which they shall have the like remedy as in case where Costs by La we are given to the Defendants:

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That every Rate Tax or Assessement which shall be made or imposed by virtue of this Act in respede of any House or Tenement which an Ambassador Resident Agent or other publicke Minister of any Forreigne Prince or State now doth or shall hereafter inhabitt [and*] occupye shall be paid by the Landlord or Owner of the said Houses or Tenement^ respectively

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in all priviledged and other Places being extraparochiall or not within any the Constablewickf or Precindf of the respective Assessors to be appointed by virtue of this Act (although in any Monthly or other Tax they have not beene assessed or rated heretofore) the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them shall and are hereby required to nominate and appointe Two fitt Persons liveing in or neare the said priviledged or other Places as aforesaid to be Assessors for the said Places and to make and returne theire Assessementf in like manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish Tytheing or Place and alsoe to appointe one or more Collectors who are hereby required to collect and pay the same according to the Rates appointed by this Act for the collecting and paying all Sumes of Money payable by this Act

Provided alwaies That nothing in this Act conteined shall be construed to alter change determine or make voide any Contradf Covenantf or Agreementf whatsoever betweene Landlord and Tennant or others touching the Payment of Taxes or Assessements Any thing herein before conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Comissioner or Comissioners who shall be imployed in the Execucbn of this Act shall be lyable for or by reason of such Execucbn to any of the Penalties mentioned in the Ad made in the five and twentieth Yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second for the preventing of Dangers w*h may happen from Popish Recusantf I*

Provided alw'aies and be it enacted That noe Person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in the Execucbn of this Act before he shall have taken the Oathes appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the First Yeare of Their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for abbrogateing of the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oathes which Oathes it shall be lawfull for any Two or more Comissioners to administer and are hereby required to administer to any other Comissioner '•

e and 0.

3 or O.

XXV. Places assessed in the County, See. where usually assessed.

XXVI. Where Lands, See. unoccupied, and no Distress nor Person of Owner found, the Name of Owner certified into Exchequer;

which Certificate is to be a Charge, and Process to issue.

XXVII.

Commissioners to call before them Collectors, and examine touching full Payment of Assessments

and in case of Failure, to levy.

XXVIII. If Action for executing Ad, General Issue.

Treble Costs.

XXIX. Proviso respecting Assessments on Houses where Foreign Ministers reside.

XXX.

Proviso respecting Nomination of Assessors and Collectors in extra-parochial and privileged Places.

XXXI. Proviso for Contracts between Landlord and Tenant as to Payment of Taxes.

XXXII.

Commissioners not liable to Penalties of 25 Car. II. c. 2.

XXXIII.

Commissioners to take the Oaths of 1 W. & M.Sess. 1. c.8.

Which Commissioners may administer.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

XXXIV. Papist of 16 and upwards,not haring taken the Oaths, to pay double.

XXXV.

Proviso where within i o Days after Meeting of Commissioners he shall take the Oaths.

XXXVI. Persons of 16 and upwards, who shall not have taken the Oaths before Execution of Act, being summoned, and shall refuse to take them, or neglect to appear before Commissioners, to pay double.

XXXVII.

Gentlemen who by 3 W. & M. c.6. paid double, or have been returned into Exchequer for Non-payment, not appearing before the Commissioners to take the Oaths,

to pay double.

XXXVIII.

Commissioners to summon Persons auspefted to appear and take the Oaths.

XXXIX.

Proviso for Quakers subscribing the Declaration of Fidelity

i W. & M. Sess. i. c. 18.

XL.

No Prrson liable to Pound Rate whose Lands are under

205.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Papist or reputed Papist being of the Age of Sixteene Yeares or upwardf who shall not have taken the Oathes inencbned and required to be taken by the said last inencbned Act shall yield and pay unto Theire Majesties double the Sumes and Rates which by force or virtue of any clause in this Act before menconed or contained he or she should or ought to pay or be charged with (that is to say) For every Hundred Pounds of ready money & Debts and for every Hundred Pounds worth of Goods Wares Merchandizes Chattellt* or Personall Estate the sume of Eight and Forty Shillingf and soe after that rate for every greater or lesser Quantity. And for every Twenty Shillingf of the full yearely Value of any Mannors Messuages or other Ilereditamentf or pmisses charged by this Act which he or she shall have or hold the sume of Eight Shillingf to be assessed levyed and collected answered recovered and paid in such manner by such waies and according to such Rules and Direccbns and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are before in this Act expressed or appointed for and concemeing the above-menconed Rates and Sumes which are hereby intended to be doubled as aforesaid

Provided neverthelesse That if any such Papist or reputed Papist within Tcnne Dayes after the first meeteing of the said Comissioners in the respective Countyes or Places where he or she ought to be taxed or assessed according to the intent of this present Act shall take the said Oathes. before Two or more of the said Comissioners (which Oathes the said Comissioners are hereby impowered to administer) that in such case he or shee shall not be lyable to be doubly assessed as aforesaid I-

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Person being of the Age of Sixteene yeares or upwardf and being within this Realme att the time of the Execucbn of this Act who shall not before that time have taken the said Oathes menconed and required to be taken by the said Act intituled An Act for [the1] abrogateing of the Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oathes And upon Sumons by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of one or more of the Comissioners appointed by this Act shall refuse to take the said Oathes at the time appointed in the said Warrant or shall neglect to appeare at such times before the Comissioners in order to take the said Oathes (which Oathes the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall yeild and pay unto Theire Majesties double the Sumes and Rates which by force or virtue of any clause in this Act before menebned or conteined he or she should or ought to pay or be charged with in manner as is before in this Act appointed touching Papistf or reputed Papistf

0

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Gentleman or soe reputed or owneing or writeing himselfe such or being above that quality and under the degree of a Peere of this Realme who by virtue of an Act made in the Third yeare of Theire Majesties Raigne entituled An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable Quarterly for One Yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against France did pay or ought to have paid double the Sumes charged by the said Act or were or ought to have beene returned into the Exchequer for non payment thereof who shall not voluntarily appeare before the said Comissioners or any Three or more of them within Tenne dayes after the first meeteing of the said Comissioners in the respective place or places where he ought to be taxed or assessed and take the said Oathes appointed by the said Act made in the First Yeare of Theire Majesties Raigne (which Oath the said Comissioners or any Three or more of them are hereby impowered and required to administer and to make an Entry or Memorandum thereof in some Booke to be kepte for that purpose) such Person shall be charged with and pay double the Sumes which by force or virtue of this Act he should or ought to have paid the said double Rates to be assessed levyed collected answered recovered and paid in such manner by such waies and meanes and according to such rules and direccons and under such penalties and forfeitures as are before in this Act expressed or appointed for or concemeing the above menconed Rates and Sumes w'hich are hereby intended to be doubled as aforesaid

And be it further enacted That any one or more of the Comissioners appointed by this Act upon Informacbn given or upon any cause of suspicbn in that behalfe shall and are hereby required and injoyned to cause every person suspected or against whome such Informacbn shall be given to be sumoned to appeare and take the said Oathes as aforesaid

Provided nevertheles That whereas certaine persons Dissenters from the Church of England comonly called Quakers and now knowne to be such doe scruple the takeing of an Oath itt shall be sufficient for every such person to make and subscribe the declaracbn of Fidelity contained in an Act made in the Parliament held in the First Yeare of Theire Majesties Raigne entituled An Act for exempting Theire Majesties Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certaine Lawes Which Declaracbn any Two or more of the Comissioners appointed for the execucbn of this Act are hereby impowered and required to take And every such Person soe doeing shall not be lyable to or chargeable with any of the double Rates aforesaid

Provided That noe poore Person shall be charged with or lyable to the Pound Rate imposed by this Act upon Lands tenements or Hereditamentf whose Lands Tenements or Hereditaments are not of the yearely value of Twenty shillingf in the whole;-

A.D. 1692.

307

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

Provided alwaies That the Right Honourable the Master of the Rolls the Masters [in'] Chancery Six Clerkf of XLI. the Petty Bagg Examiners Registers Clerkf of the Inrollment Clerkes of the Affidavits and Subpena Office and all witWn^e^Tirty others die Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute theire Offices within the Liberty of the Rolls shall be the Roll8 to be

theire assessed for theire respective Offices and not elsewhere I-

And be it further enacted That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keepe in his hands any parte of the money by him collected for any longer time then is by this Act directed (other then the Allowance made unto him by this Act) or shall pay any parte thereof to any person or persons other then [to1] the Head Collector or Receiver-Generall of such County or Place or his respective Deputy that every such Collector shall forfeite for every such Offence the Sume of tenne pounds. And in case any Head Collector shall keepe in his hand any parte of the money paid to him by any Collector by virtue of this Act for any longer time then is by this Act directed or shall pay any parte thereof to any person or persons other then the Receiver Generali of such County or Place or his Deputy every such Head Collector shall forfeite for every such Offence the Sume of Forty pounds. And in case any Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any parte of the moneys paid to him or them by any Collector or Head Collector by virtue of this Act to any person or persons whatsoever other then the Receipt of Theire Majesties Exchequer and att or within the respective times limitted by this Act or in case such Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any parte of the said moneyes by any Warrant of the Comissioners of the Treasury or Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or upon any Tally of Pro or Tally of (Anticipacbn) or other way or device whatsoever whereby to divert or hinder the aduall payment thereof into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid that then such Receiver Generali shall for every such Offence of himselfe or his Deputy forfeite the Sume of One thousand pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Courte of Record by Bill Plaint or other Informacon wherein noe Essoigne Proteccon or Wager of Lawe is to be allowed

And itt is hereby further enacted That the Comissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under-Treasurer or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them doe not dire<5l any Warrant to any of the said Collectors Head Collectors or Receiver Generali or theire Deputies for the payment of any parte of the moneyes hereby given to any person or persons other then into the Receipte of Exchequer as aforesaid, nor shall they or any of them direct e any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the striking of any Tally of (Pro) or Tally of (Anticipacbn) nor doe any other matter or thing whereby to divert the aduall payment of the said moneys into the Receipte of the Exchequer nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer strike or direct or record the strikeing of any Tally of (Pro) or Tally of (Anticipacbn) upon any of the said moneys upon any account or warrant whatsoever, nor shall any Teller throw downe any Bill whereby to charge himselfe with any of the said moneyes untill he shall have actually received the same

XLII.

Collectors keeping Monies collected in their Hands ; or paying other than to Head Collector or Receiver General; Penalty j£io.

Head Collector so oflfending;

Penalty ^40.

Receiver General paying to any Person other than the Exchequer, or upon Tally of Pro, &c.;

Penalty 1,000.

XLHL

Treasurer not to direct Warrant for Payment of Monies otherwise than into the Exchequer ^ or to the Officers of Exchequer for striking Tally of Pro, &c. nor Officers of Exchequer to strike any such Tally, &c.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That noe stay of prosecucbn upon any Comand Warrant Mocbn or Order ^XLIV. or Direccon by (Non vult ulterius prosequi) shall be had made admitted received or allowed by any Court or°other Stay of*' whatsoever in any [Suite *] or Proceedeing by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon or otherwise for the -n r

Recovery of all or any the Paines Penalties or Forfeitures upon any person or persons by this Act inflicted or therein OffendersF menebned or for or in order to the conviccbn or disability of any person offending against this Act

Provided alwaies and be itt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every the Mannors XLV. Messuages Land? Tenements and Hereditaments charged by this Act shall be rated and assessed att least att double the Sume att which the same was or were assessed by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the First yeare double what they of Theire Majesties Raigne entituled An Act for a Grant to Theire Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillingf in the ^W.2 Pound for one yeare

c. 1.

Provided alwaies That if any Person or Persons soe charged or assessed att least att double the Sume as aforesaid shall upon Complainte made to the Comissioners in such manner and within such time as is herein before directed in cases of Appeales make it appeare to the said Comissioners or any Five of them by Proofe upon Oath that such Assessement doth exceed Four Shillingf for every Twenty [Shilling4] of the full yearely value in such Case upon such Proofe and due examination thereof the said Comissioners are hereby impowered to abate and lessen the said Assessement soe much as the same shall exceed Four Shillingf for every Twenty Shillingf of the true yearely value and noe more

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That if any Person hereby named a Comissioner shall p>sume to act as a Comissioner in the execution of this Act before he shall have taken the Oathes which by this Act he is required to take and in the manner hereby ^scribed he shall forfeite to Theire Majesties the Sume of Five hundred Pounds

. . f

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That noe Person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in the execucon o this Act for any County or Rideing or the Cities of London or Westminster unlesse he was assessed and did pay to Theire Majesties the Sume of Twenty shillingf Quarterly towards the Rates and Assessmentf granted by an Act made in the last Session of this p^sent Parliament intituled An Act for raiseing Money by a Poll payable Quarterly for One yeare for the carrying on a vigorous Warr againste France And alsoe that noe Person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in the execucbn of this Act for any other City or in any Borough

XLVI. Commissioners empowered to abate on Proof that Lands are charged above 4s. in the Pound.

XLVII. Commissioners acting before taking the Oaths

Penalty £$00.

XLVIII.

No Person to be Commissioner in any County, or in London or Westminster, who did not pay under 3 W. & M. c. 6.

of O.

a O omits.

3 interlined on the Roll.

Shillings O.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D.\69'2.

nor in any other Place, unless he so paid, or paid ios. Quarterly as a Tradesman worth

J&300.

Towne or Cinque-Port or the Counties thereof respectively unlesse he was assessed and did pay to Theire Majesties the Sume of Twenty Shilling^ Quarterly as aforesaid or was assessed and did pay to theire Majesties the Siime of Tennc Shillingf Quarterly (as a Tradesman worth Three hundred Pound?) towards the said Quarterly Poll

XLIX.

When not Commissioners enough for any City, &c. Commissioners for County may aft.

L.

In case there be not a sufficient Number of Commissioners capable of acting for any County, Their Majesties may constitute under the Great Seal so many Persons being resident, as have Real Estates of .£100 per Annum in the Counties, to be Commissioners.

Provided neverthelesse That in case there shall not be a sufficient number of Comissioners for any City Borough Towne or Cinque Port (for which by this Act Comissioners are particulerly appointed) capable of acting according to the Qualificacons aforesaid for putting this AS in execution that in every such case any of the Comissioners appointed for the County at large within which such Cities Borough Towne or Cinque Port doth stand or which is next adjoyneing thereto may act as Comissioners in the execucbn of this AS within such City Borough Towne or Cinque Port

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted That in case there shall not be a sufficient number of the Persons nominated to be Comissioners for any County wffio shall be capable of acting as Comissioners according to the Qualificacons in this Act before menebned that in every such case it shall be lawfull for Theire Majesties to issue or cause to be issued one or more Comission or Comissions under the Create Seale of England and thereby to nominate constitute and appointe such and soe many Persons being resident and haveing Reall Estates of the value of One hundred [Pound1] a yeare in the said respective Counties for which they shall be respectively nominated to be Comissioners for putting this p*sent Act in execucbn in the said Counties respectively Which said Comissioners soe to be nominated and appointed for the said Counties respectively shall have such and the same powers for putting this Act in Execucbn in the said respective Counties and under the same Rules and Direccons as any other Comissioners nominated and appointed by this Act Any thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding )•

LI.

Person after Assessment removing to a Place where he was not rated for Personal Estate,

Commissioners to summon and rate, unless Certificate that he was assessed and had paid.

LII.

Proviso respecting King's Bench Prison, 6cc.

and the Marshalsea, alsoe the Prison-house Lands and Gardens of the Prison of the Marshall of the Marshalsea Prison and all Offices Perquisites and Profittf of the Marshalsea Court and Prison lying and being alsoe in the said Parish of S‘. George in the Borough of Southwarke and County of Surrey shall be charged and assessed to this Assessement in the said Parish of S‘. George and Borough of Southwarke and not elsewhere Any thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That where the Owmers of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf are liable to be doubly charged as Papistf reputed Papistf or otherwise by reason of theire not haveing taken the Oaths according to the intent of this Act in every such case such Owners only shall be charged with and shall pay the said double Rates And the respective Tennants of such Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf are hereby discharged of and from the same Any Covenant for Payment of Taxes or other Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding I*

Provided alwaies and it is hereby enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person or persons to advance and lend unto Theire Majesties upon the security of this Act any Sume or Slimes of money and to have and receive for the forbeareance thereof any Sume not exceeding seaven pounds by the hundred for one wholl yeare and noe more directly or indirectly And moreover that noe money soe lent upon the security of this Act shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act

to be charged in the Parish of St. George in Southwark.

LIII.

Where Owners of Lands are liable to be doubly charged, as Papists or otherwise, for not taking the Oaths, Owners only charged, and T enants discharged.

LIV. Persons may lend Money to Their Majesties on this Act at per Cent, per Ann.

And for the more effectuall chargeing all Personall Estates Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if after the Assessementf on Personall Estates directed by this Act shall be made any Person shall come to inhabit or reside in any Division or Place where such Person was not rated or taxed for Personall Estate the Comissioners acting within such Division or Place are hereby required and impowered to sumon such Person before them and unlesse he or shee shall produce a Certificate made according to the Direccbns of this Act whereby it shall appeare that he or she was assessed and had actually paid all the precedent Quarterly Paymentf in some other Place for his or her Personall Estate the said Comissioners shall and are hereby required to cause such Person to be assessed for his or her Personall Estate and cause the same or such Quarterly Payments thereof as shall be then unassessed and unpaid to be assessed levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act

Provided alwaies that the Prison of the Kings Bench the Prison-house Lands Gardens and the Comon-side and all the Rents Profittf and Perquisites of the Office of the Marshall of the said Kings Bench Prison lyeing and being in the Parish of S'. George the Martyr in the Borough of Southwarke [in the2] County of Surrey and

LV. Repayment of such Monies how secured.

Rooks provided.

Tally of Loan to Lender, and Warrant for Interest.

And to the end that all moneyes which shall be lent to Theire Majesties upon the creditt of this Act may be well and sufficiently secured out of the moneyes ariseing and payable by this Act Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kepte in Theire Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of Auditor of the Receiptf one Booke and Register in which all moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other moneyes paid or payable to Theire Majesties upon any other branch of Theire Majesties Revenue or upon any other account whatsoever And that all and every person and persons who shall lend any money to Theire Majesties upon the creditt of this Act and pay the same into the Receipte of the Exchequer shall imediately have a Tally of Loan strucke for the same and an Order for his repayment beareing the same date with his Tally in which Order shall be alsoe conteined a Warrant for payment of Interest for forbearance thereof not exceeding seaven pounds per

1 Pounds 0.

* and 0.

A.D.\69'Z.

369

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

centum per annum for his consideracftn to be paid every three moneths untill repayment of his Principall. And that all Orders for repayment of money shall be registered in course according to the date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as theire Orders shall stand entered in the said Register Booke soe as the person native or foreigner his Executors Administrators & Assignes who shall have his Order or Orders first entered in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and accounted the first person to be paid upon the moneyes to come in by virtue of this Act and he or they who shall have his or theire Order or Orders next entered shall he taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course And that the moneyes to come in by this Act shall be in the same order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective Parties theire Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without p)ference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuitye directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any Theire Majesties Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entries Viewes or Searche in or for payment of money lent or the interest as aforesaid by any of Theire Majesties Officer or Officers theire Clerkes or Deputies [upon *] paine of payment of treble damages to the party greived by the party offending with C.ostf of Suite or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his place alsoe. And if (') undue pference of one before another shall be made either in point of registry or payment contrary to the true meaneing of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the party agrieved and shall be forejudged from his place or office. And if such pference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direefftn or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke only shall be lyable to such Accftn Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapable of his place or office. And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pellf Record, or the Teller make payment according to each persons due place and order as afore directed then he or they shall be judged to forfeite and theire respective Deputies and Clerkf herein offending to be lyable to such Accbn Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid all which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any theire Deputies or Clerkf shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacbn in any of Theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Proteccbn Priviledge Wager of Lawe Injunccon or Order of Restrainte shall be in any wise granted or allowed *.

Provided alwaies and be it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallies of Loan or Orders for Payment as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipte to be registered then it shall be interpretted noe undue pference which of those be entred first soe he enters them all the same day ;• Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue pference to incurr any penaltie in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pellf Record and the Tellers doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand theire moneyes and bring theire Orders before other Persons that did not come to demand theire Money and bring theire Orders in theire course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kepte for them Interest upon Loan being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kepte in Banke for them

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any money shall be due by virtue of this Act after Order entered in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by indorsement of his Order may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipte aforesaid and an entry or memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Orders which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make, shall intitule such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon and such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe tones quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignementf to make voide release or discharge the same or any the moneys thereby due or any parte thereof;*

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted That all and every the principall Sumes of money which in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament entituled An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable quarterly [for one yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr againste France and of Theire Majesties Letters of Privy Seale beareing date the three and twentieth day of September One thousand six hundred ninety two made in pursuance of the said Act have beene lent or shall be lent to Theire Majesties at the Receipte of Theire Exchequer not exceeding in the whole the Sume of Scaven hundred thirty five thousand three hundred ninety one pounds eighteene shilling^ five pence halfepenny and all and every the Orders ot Loan for the same shall be in the first place transferred to and placed upon the Register appointed to be kepte by this Act and shall be registered thereupon in such Course and order as they now have by the Bookes kepte in the said Receipte or where any speciall agreeinentf [have been madeJ^] with the Lenders for the course or order they were to have in all such cases according to those agreementf which transferrences shall and may be and are hereby required to be made by virtue of this Act without makeing any issues or takeing any receiptf from the parties in order to transferr the said Loans : And that the principall moneys upon the said Orders soe transferred shall be payable and paid to the Lender or Lenders of the same his her or theire Executors Administrators or Assignes out of the moneys ariseing by virtue of this Act in the same course and order according to which they are hereby appointed to be transferred and with inference to the Loans which any person or persons shall make hereafter upon the

1 on 0. * any 0. 3 interlined on the Roll.

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in course.

Monies to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for providing or making Books,

&c. or for Payment of Money lent. Penalty.

Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer.

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Deputy. Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller, not making Paymenrs in due Order.

Penalty.

How all such Penalties to be recovered.

LVI.

Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

LVII.

Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

LVII I.

Monies lent upon 3 W. & M. c. 6. not exceeding

•^735>39»-tiansfcrred to the Credit of this Act-

Proviso for special Agreements.

Principal Monies so transferred payable to Lenders out of Monies arising by this Act in due course, with Interest at ^7 per Cent, per Annum.

S

A.D. 16‘9^.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

Auditor of Receipt to make a Memorandum.

Persons entitled to transferred Monies may assign Orders.

LIX.

Out of the Monies levied under this

Aa,

<^700,000 to the Use of the Navy and Ordnance.

The Residue to the Use of the Land Forces and other Charges incident to the War.

LX. Treasury not to direa Warrant to Collcdors, &c. for Payment to Persons other than into the Exchequer; nor to Officers of Exchequer for striking Tally of Pro, he.

Officers not to strike any Tally of Pro, &c.

LXI. Officers of Exchequer to keep Accounts of the said £}co,ozo

distina.

Regulations as to issuing such Money to Treasurer of the Ordnance.

LXII. Regulations for Treasurer of the Navy and Ordnance, as to keeping and issuing the said Sum of /£'jcotoooo.

Which Officers are to follow the Directions of the Treasury in appropriating the same.

creditt of this psent Ad: And that the interest after the rate of seaven pounds per centum per annu due or to be due for the said Loans to be transferred as aforesaid shall be paid and satisfied out of the moneys ariseing by this Act untill the respective times of the satisfaccbn of the principal 1: And that the Auditor of the said Receipte upon the transferring of the said Loans or the Order for the same as aforesrjd shall make memorandums in the margin of his Books where the same doe or shall stand entred upon the said Act for the quarterly Poll importing the transference thereof and that they are to be paid out of the moneys ariseing by virtue of this Act: And that any person or persons who are or shall be entituled to any moneys to be paid by such Orders to be transferred as aforesaid shall or may assigne over the same to any other person or persons which Assignementf shall be good and effectuall in Lawe and soe toties quoties any thing in the said former Act or in this psent Ad to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it Enacted That out of the moneys which shall be levied and paid by virtue of this Act into the Receipte of the Exchequer as well by Loan or otherwise (over and besides the Sume of Seaven hundred thirty five thousand three hundred ninety one pounds eighteene shillingf five pence halfe penny before mentioned to be transferred to and placed upon the Register appointed to be kepte by this Act) the Sume of Seaven hundred thousand pounds shall be and is hereby applied and appropriated to and for the payment of Officers and Seamen that have served and shall serve in Theire Majesties Navy Royall and for the paying for Stores Provisions and Victuallf supplied and to be supplied for the said Navy and to and for the expences of Theire Majesties Office of Ordnance in respect to naval 1 affaires and for other necessary' uses and services performed and to be performed in and for the said Navy : And that all other the moneyes which shall be levyed and paid by virtue of this Act into the Receipte of the Exchequer as well upon Loan as otherwise other then the said Sume of Seaven hundred thirty five thousand three hundred ninety one pounds eighteene shillingf & two pence halfe-penny and the interest thereof and alsoe the Sume of Seaven hundred thousand pounds appropriated for paymentf relateing to Theire Majesties Navy as aforesaid shall be applyed and appropriated and is hereby appropriated to and for the payment of Theire Majesties Land Forces and Armyes and the paying for Armes Ammunition and other charges incident to the Warr and not otherwise '•

And for the effectuall doeing thereof and that the said severall Sumes hereby appropriated to the uses aforesaid may not be diverted or applyed to any other purpose Be it further enabled That the Comissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or the Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them doe not direct any Warrant to any of the said Collectors or Receivers Generali or theire Deputyes for the payment of any parte of the moneys hereby given to any Person or Persons other then into the Receipte of the Exchequer as aforesaid: Nor shall they or any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for strikeing

of any Tally of (Pro) or Tally of (Anticipation) or doe any other matter or thing whereby to divert the acluall paymentf of the said moneyes into the Receipte of the Exchequer: Nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer strike

or direct or record the strikeing of any Tally of (Pro) or Tally of (Anticipacbn) upon any of the said Money's upon any Account or Warrant whatsoever: Nor shall any Teller throwe downe any Bill whereby to charge himselfe

with any of the said moneys untill he shall have actually received the same

And it is hereby further enacted That the Officers of the Receipte of the Exchequer respectively shall and are hereby required to keepe the said Sume of Seaven hundred thosand Pounds hereby appropriated for Paymentf relateing to Theire Majesties Navy as aforesaid and the Account thereof distinCt from all other Moneys and Accounts whatsoever; And that the Lord High Treasurer Under-Treasurer or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them respectively doe not signe any Warrant or Order or doe any matter or thing for the issueing or paying any parte of the said Sume of Seaven hundred thousand Pounds by this Act appriated for Paymentf relateing to Theire Majesties Navy as aforesaid to any Person or Persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy and the Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy for the uses aforesaid; Nor shall the Auditor of the Receipte drawe any Order whatsoever for the issueing any parte of the said Sume of Seaven hundred thousand Pounds hereby appropriated as aforesaid to any Person or Persons other then the said Treasurer of the Navy or his Deputy and the Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy as aforesaid ; Nor shall he direde nor the C.lerke of the Pells record or any Teller make payment of any parte of the said appropriated Sume of Seaven hundred thousand Pounds by virtue of any Warrant or upon any Order or other way or device whatsoever other then to the Persons and for the uses aforesaid and to be soe menconed and expressed in such Warrant or Order '•

And it is hereby further enacted That the Treasurer of the Navy and the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the time being hall keepe such parte of the said Sume of Seaven hundred thousand Pounds appropriated for paymentf relateing to Theire Majesties Navy as aforesaid by virtue of this Act as shall be paid to them respectively disdnde and aparte from all other moneys; And the Treasurer of the Navy shall issue and pay such parte of the said Sume as shall be payed in to him by Warrant of the principal Officers and Comissioners of the Navy or any Three or more of them; And the Treasurer of the Ordnance shall issue and pay such parte of the said Sume as shall be paid in to him by Warrant of the principall Officers of the Ordnance or any Three of them mentioning and expressing in the [said1] respective Warrant the respective uses for which the same is respectively issued and paid according to the respective appropriations thereof and applying the same Which said principall Officers and Comissioners of the Navy and Principall Officers of the Ordnance are to follow therein the Order and Direction of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being for apportioning

1 O. omits.

A.D. 169 V.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

371

the same for the payment of the Officers and Seamen Stores Provisions Victuallf and the Office of Ordnance in respecte to Navall Affaires as aforesaid in such just and proporcbnable Distribucons as may be most agreeable to the true intent of this Act

And it is hereby further enacted That the principall Officers and Comissioners of the Navy or any of them or principall Officers of the Ordnance or any of them shall not signe any Navy Bill or Warrant or doe any other Act or Thing for the issueing and paying any parte of the said Sume of Seaven hundred thousand Pounds

soe appropriated by this Act to any use intent or purpose whatsoever other then for the respective uses for which

the same is appropriated as aforesaid and to be soe menconed and expressed in such Navy Bill or Warrant

And be it further enacted That if any of the Officers which are appointed by this Act to receive the said Sume of Seaven hundred thousand Pounds hereby appropriated for Paymentf relateing to Theire Majesties Navy or any parte thereof shall after the receipte of the said Money divert or misapply the same or any parte thereof by virtue

of any Warrant from the Comissioners of the Treasury or from the Lord Treasurer or other Superior Officers for

the time being contrary to the true intent of this Act that then such Officer or Officers soe diverting or misapplying the said moneys shall forfeite the like Sume soe diverted or inisapplyed Which said Forfeiture shall be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Informacbn in any of Theire Majesties Courts att Westminster wherein noe Essoign Proteccbn or Wager of Law shall be allowed the one Moiety of which Forfeiture soe to be recovered shall be to the Informer or him who shall sue for the same the other Moiety thereof to be distributed to the Poore of the Parish where such Offence shall be comitted

And be it further enacted That if any Officer or Officers menconed in this Act or in any wise belonging to the Exchequer Navy or Ordnance shall willingly and willfully offend against this Lawe or any Clause thereof by diverting or misapplying any parte of the said Sume of Seaven hundred thousand Pounds appropriated for Paymentf relateing to Theire Majesties Navy as aforesaid contrary to the true intent of this Act that for any and every such Offence such Officer and Officers soe offending shall forfeite his Office [and Place1 ] and is and are hereby disabled and made uncapable to hold or execute the said Office or any other Office whatsoever for the future

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That noe stay of Prosecucbn upon any Comand Warrant Mocbn Order or Direccbn by (Non vult ulterius prosequi) shall be had made admitted received or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suite or Proceedeing by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacbn or otherwise for the recovery of all or any the Paines Penalties or Forfeitures upon any Person or Persons by this Act inflicted or therein menconed or for or in order to the Conviccbn or Disabilitye of any Persons offending against this Act;-

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That out [of1] the moneys hereby appropriated to and for the payment of Officers and Seamen that have served and shall serve in Theire Majesties Navy Royall and to and for the

paying for Navall Stores and Provisions (other then for Victuallf) and to and for the expences of Theire Majesties

Office of the Ordnance in respect of navall affaires and for other necessary uses and services performed and to be performed for the said Navy all such parte thereof as shall be issued and paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by Warrant of the principall Officers and Comissioners of the Navy or any three or more of them for Navall Stores and Provisions shall be paid in course to every person or persons or theire Assignes to whome any such money is or shall be due according to the dates of the Bills or Contraftf registered for the same and not otherwise And that out of all such further parte of the said moneys as shall be issued and paid to the Lievetenant and Principall Officers of the Ordnance or the Paymaster thereof or his Deputy for the expence of His Majesties Ordnance as to Navall Affaires and by them or the said Paymaster respectively to any person or persons for Ammunicbn or any other use or service relateing to the Office of the Ordnance shall be in like manner paid in course to every such Person or Persons or theire Assignes respectively according to the respective Dates of the Bills and Contraftf for the same and not otherwise. And the Comptroller of the Navy and Store-keeper of the Ordnance are hereby respectively required to keepe One or more Booke or Bookes in their respective Offices wherein all Bills and Contraftf in reference to the Navy and Office of the Ordnance for such Bills and Contraftf respectively as aforesaid shall be duely registered that all and every Person or Persons concerned therein may have recourse thereunto without paying any Fee or Reward for soe doeing; And if any pfference of one before another shall be made either in pointe of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaneing of this Act either by the said Treasurer of the Navy

or Paymaster of the Ordnance or Comptroller of the Navy or Store-keeper of the Ordnance or any of them or

theire respective Deputies or Clerkf then the Party offending shall be lyable by accon of Debt or on the Case to pay double the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Party grieved: All which said Penalties Damages

and Costs to be incurred by the Persons aforesaid or any of them respectively shall and may be recovered by the said Party greived by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Informacbn in any of Theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster [where *] noe Essoign Proteccbn Priviledge Wager of Law Injuncbn or Order of Restrainte shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided neverthelesse That it shall and may be lawfull for the said Leivetenant and principall Officers of the Ordnance and the Officers of the Navy-board upon any emergent or extraordinary Occasion to pay any of the said Moneys appropriated by this Act to any Person or Persons upon account by way of Imprest Any thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

LX 111.

And for

Commissioners, &c. of the Navy, as to signing Navy Bills, 8cc. for issuing such Money.

LXIV. Officers appointed to receive said *£700,000, misapplying same.

Penalty.

How applied.

LXV.

Officers of Exchequer, Navy, or Ordnance, misapplying the same Monies. Penalty.

LXVI. No Stay of Prosecution in Actions for Penalties.

LX VI I.

All Monies issued for Naval Stores and Provisions (except for Victuals) to be paid in course, according to the Dates of the Bills, &c.

The like Regulation as to further Part of Monies issued and paid for the Ordnance.

Comptroller of the Navy and Storekeeper of the Ordnance to keep Books for Register of Bills, Sic.

Undue Preference in Registry or Payment.

Action.

Penalties how recovered.

LXVIII.

Boards of Ordnance or Navy Board, upon extraordinary Occasions, may pay Imprest Money.

J.1J.\69C2.

LXIX. Paying subsequent Bills, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding

Rot. Parl. pt. 2. nu. i.

Persons within the Province of York may dispose by Will of all their Personal Estate.

II.

Proviso for Widows and Children of Freemen of York and Chester.

Rot. Parl. pt. 2.

nu. 2.

Excise, &c. upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, continued for 99 Years.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 1—3.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be construed any pferrence to incurr any Penalty in pointe of Payment course as aforesaid if the said Treasurer of the Navy or Pay Master of the Ordnance or theire Deputyes respectively do pay subsequent Bills of Persons which come and demand theire money and bring theire Warrant or Order ia theire course for the same soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie pcedent Bills or Contra&f registred as aforesaid which shall not be otherwise disposed of but kepte for them in the said respective Offices I*

CHAPTER II.

An Act [for1] that the Inhabitants of the pvince of York may dispose of their personal Estates [by their Wills *]

notwithstanding the Custom of that pvince

WHEREAS by custom within the Province of Yorke or other Usage the Widdows and younger Children of psons dying Inhabitants of that Province are intituled to a part of the Goods and Chattells of their late Husbands and Fathers (called her and their reasonable part) notwithstanding any disposicbn of the same by their Husbands and Fathers last Wills and Testaments and notwithstanding any Joyntures made for the livelyhood of the

said Widdows by their Husbands in their life time which are competent and according to agreement whereby many

Persons are disabled from makeing sufficient Provision for [their5] younger Children. For remedy whereof be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this pPsent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That from and after the Six and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three it shall and may be lawfull for any pson or persons inhabiting or residing or who shall have any Goods or Chattells within the pvince of Yorke by their last Wills and Testaments to give bequeath and dispose of all and singuler their Goods Chattells Debts and other psonall Estate to their Executor or Executors or to such other pson or psons as the said Testator or Testators shall think fitt in as large and ample manner as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm

any Person or Persons may give and dispose of the same within the Province of Canterbury or elsewhere And

that from and after the said Six and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three the Widows Children and other the Kindred of such Testator or Testators shall be barred to claime or demand any part of the Goods Chattels or other psonal Estate of such Testator or Testators in any other manner then as by the said last Wills and Testamentf is limitted and appointed Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided always That nothing in this Act conteyned shall extend or be construed to extend to the Citizens of the Cities of York and Chester who are or shall be Freemen of the said respective Cities inhabiting therein or within the Suburbs thereof at the time of their Death but that every such Citizens Widdow and Children shall and may have and enjoy such reasonable part and pportion of the Testators psonal Estate as she or they might or ought to have had by the Custom of the pvince of York before the makeing of this Act

C H A P T E R III.

An Act for granting to Their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mencoed to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sume of Ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France

XTT7‘EE your most loyal and dutiful Subjects the Comons in Parliament assembled being sensible of the T v great and necessary Expences in which your Majesties are ingaged for carrying on the p^sent Warr against the French King and being desirous to supply the same in such manner as may be least grievous to your Majesties Subjects Therefore for the incouragment of such Persons as shall voluntarily contribute to the advancing and paying into your Majesties Exchequer towards carrying on the said Warr any sum or sum of money not exceeding the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds upon the respective Termes and Recompences hereafter mentioned wee your Majesties said dutiful Subjects the Comons in Parliament assembled have given and granted and do hereby give and grant unto your Majesties the severall additional Rates and Duties of Excise hereinafter menebned for and dureing the Terme hereafter expressed and do beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That from and after the Five and twentieth day of January One thousand six hundred [ninety*] and two there shall be throughout the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed raised leavyed collected and paid unto their Majesties their Heires and Successors dureing the space and terme of Ninety [&*] nine yeares from the said Five and twentieth day of January One thousand six hundred ninety and two and no longer for Beer Ale Cyder and other Liquors herein after expressed by wray of Excise over and above all other Duties Charges and Impositions by any former or other Act or Acts sett and imposed or to be sett and imposed in manner and forme following (that is to say)

* 0. omit?.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 16.92.

4° G ul. & Mar. c. 3.

373

For every Barrel of Becre or Ale above Six shillings the Barrel exclusive of the Duty of Excise brewed by the comon Brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publikely or privately to be paid by the comon Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively and so pportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above all other Duties payable for the same Nine pence

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of Six shillings the Barrel or under brewed by the comon Brewer or any

other person or persons who shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publickely or privately to be paid by the said common Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively as aforesaid and so pportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above all other Duties payable for the same Three pence

For every Barrel of Vinegar Beer brewed or made of any English Materials by any comon Brewer or any other pson for sale to be paid by the Maker thereof and so pportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above all other Duties [of Excise'] payable for the same One shilling six pence

For every Barrel of Vinegar or Liquor prepared for Vinegar made here for sale that hath run through foreign

Rape or made with or passing through any foreigne Materials or any mixture with forcigne Materials to be paid

by the Maker thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity Four shilling

For every Barrel of Beer Ale or Mum imported from beyond the Seas and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the Duties payable for the same Three shillingf

For every Tun of Cyder or Perry imported from beyond the Seas and so pportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above all other Duties payable for the same Foure pounds

For ever)r Gallon of single Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite imported from beyond the Seas to bee paid by the Importer before landing over and above all other Duties payable for the same Six pence

For every Gallon of Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite above proof comonly called double Brandy imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above all other Duties payable for the same One shilling

For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail upon every Hoggshead to be paid by the Retailer thereof over and above all other Duties payable for the same and soe pportionably for a greater or leasser Measure One shilling three pence

For all Metheglin or Mead made for sale either by retail or otherwise to be paid by the Maker for every Gallon Three pence

Beer, &e. above 6s. per Barrel, gd.

Beer and Ale, 6s. or under per Barrel, 3d-

Vinegar, English, per Barrel, is. 6d.

Vinegar, Foreign, per Barrel, 4s.

Beer, &c. imported, per Barrel, 3s.

Cider, &c. imported, per Tun, 4I.

Single Brandy, imported, per Gallon, 6d.

Double Brandy, imported, per Gallon, is.

Cider, &c. retailed, is. 3d. per Hogshead.

Metheglin, See. per Gallon, 3d.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the severall Rates Duties and Impositions upon Beer Ale Cyder and other Liquors aforesaid be lcavyed collected and payd unto Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors dureing the said space and terme of Ninety and nine yeares in the same manner and forme and by such rules ways and meanes and under such penalties and forfeitures as are mencoed in the Act made in the Twelfth yeare of the Reigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof And also in and by another Act made in the Twelfth yeare of the Reigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for the increase of His Majesties Revenue dureing his Life And also in and by another Act made in the Fifteenth yeare of the Reigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise and preventing the abuses therein or by any other Law in force relateing to the said Revenue of Excise And that the aforesaid Acts and every Article Rule and Clause therein mencoed as for and concerning only the Rates Duties and Impositions by this Act granted shall be of full force and effect to all intents and purposes dureing the said terme of Ninety and nine yeares in like manner as if the same were at large and perticularly recited and sett downe in the body of this Act And that the said Rates and Duties of Excise by this Act granted shall from time to time be within the receipt and government of the chief Comissioners and Governors of the Receipt of the Excise for the time being

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners and Governors for management and receipt of the Excise at the Head Office in London for the time being shall separate and keep apart all and every the moneys ariseing by the Rates and Duties of Excise hereby granted as the same shall from time to time

arise or be paid into the said Office of Excise by the Reccivors or Collectors of the same or by any other

pson whatsoever And the said Comissioners and Governors of Excise for the time being are hereby required and strictly enjoyned from time to time to pay weekly (viz) on Wednesday in every week if it be not a Holyday and if it be then the next day after that is not a Holyday all and every the moneys ariseing by the Rates and Duties of Excise hereby granted into the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer distinct and apart from the other moneys which the said Comissioners and Governors of Excise shall receive for the use of Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That there shall be pvided and kept in Their Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts one Book in which all the said weekly moneys which shall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be entered apart and distinct from all other

moneys paid or payable to Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors upon any account whatsoever

II.

Duties colle&ecl as by

12 Car. II. c. 24.

12 Car. II. c. 23.

15 Car. II. c. 11.

Duties within the Receipt and Government of Commissioners of Excise.

III.

The Monies to be kept apart, and paid weekly into the Exchequer.

IV.

Books kept in the Exchequer of the weekly Payments.

1 interlined on the Roll.

5C

y*.Z>.1692.

V.

Commissioners neglecting to pay, or misapplying Money

Penalty.

VI.

Duties a Fund for the Purposes herein mentioned.

VII.

Natives and Foreigners may contribute One Million before May. ££100,000 to be yearly distributed till An. 1700, and afterwards ££70,000.

Contributor of £ too to receive a Share during the Life which he names.

Any Person may contribute as many hundreds as he pleases.

Lives when to be named.

Books to be kept of the Names of the Contributors and Nominees, and the Sums contributed.

Books may be inspected without Fee.

Contributor, upon Payment of his Money, to have Tally and Order.

Order not made void by Removal or Revocation of any Officer.

Treasury, &c. not to revoke Orders.

The said yearly Funds equally divided amongst Contributors.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

And be it further enacted That if the said Comissioners and Governors of Excise for the time being shall refuse or neglect to pay into the Exchequer all or any the said weekly sumes appointed to be paid as aforesaid in such manner as they are before by this Act required to do or shall divert or misaply any of the same then they for [any '] such Offence shall forfeit their Offices of Comissioners and Governors for the management and receipt of the Excise and be incapable of any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever and shall be liable to pay the full value of any sum or sums so diverted or misapplyed to any person or persons who will sue for the same by any Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein no Essoign pteftion Wager of Law Priveledge of Parliament or other Priveledge or more then one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed

And be it further enacted That all the said sums so as aforesaid appointed to be paid weekly into the Receipt of the Exchequer dureing the said terme of ninety and nine years shall be the yearely fund for the several and respective purposes herein after mentioned and expressed

And be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for any persons Natives or Foreigners to contribute towards the advanceing of the said sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds for the purposes aforesaid by paying into the receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer at any time before the First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety and three such sum or sums of money and upon such terms respectively as herein after is mentioned and expressed (that is to say) That out of the moneys ariseing by vertue of this Act the sum of One hundred thousand pounds yearely until the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand seaven hundred be separated and kept apart as the yearely Fund to be divided amongst the persons contributing to the raising the said sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds and that from and after the said Four and twentieth day of June One thousand seaven hundred out of the moneys ariseing by vertue of this Act the sum of seaventy thousand pounds be yearely separated and kept apart as the yearely Fund to be divided as herein after is mentioned That any person who will become a Contributor shall and may advance the sum of One hundred pounds at the least for which sum soe advanced he is to name to the Auditor of the Receipt or the Clerk of the Pells in the Exchequer for the time being his owne or some other Life dureing which he shall be intituled to receive a share or dividend of the said yearely Fund as hereafter is expressed That every Contributor may advance as many sums of one hundred pounds as he shall think fitt for which sums soe advanced he is to name to the Auditor of the Receipt or the Clerk of the Pells for the time being One or more Life or Lives (soe as no more Lives be named than there are distinct Hundred poundC advanced) dureing which Life or Lives he shall be entituled to receive so many shares or dividends of the said yearely Funds as there are Hundred pounds by him advanced That all the said Lives shall be named by the severall Contributors their Executors or Administrators or such as shall be iinployed by them to pay in the said sums within fourteen days after the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety and three That in the said Office of Auditor of the Receipts and in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells severally there be provided and kept one or more book or books in which shall be fairly entred the names of all who shall be Contributors and of all persons by whose hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said sums and also the severall sums so paid and the time when the same are respectively paid the said entry to bee made upon payment of the said sums And also in the said books there shall bee entred the severall Nominees for whose Lives respectively the severall Dividends of the said yearely Fund shall be payable at the rimes when the same shall be nominated as aforesaid To which books it shall be lawfull for the respective Contributors their Executors Administrators and Assignes from time to time att all seasonable rimes to have resort and to inspect the same without fee or reward And as well the said severall Contributors as the said Nominees shall be described in the said books by their Christian and Sirnames Additions Places of abode and other descriptions which shall best ascertain the persons And every Contributor upon payment of the sum of one or more Hundred pounds as aforesaid shall immediately have one or more Tally or Tallies leavied importing the receipt of the Consideration Money for which the Contributor is to receive one or more shares or dividends of the said yearely Fund dureing the Life or Lives of the Nominee or Nominees whether such Nominee be the Contributor himselfe or herselfe or any other person and an Order for payment thereof accordingly bearing the same date with the Tally Which Orders shall be signed by the Comissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them now being or by the Treasurer of the Exchequer or any Three or more of the Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being And after the signeing thereof the same shall be firme good valid and effectual in the Law according to the purport and true meaning thereof and of this Act and shall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removeal of any Comissioners or Comissioner of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer or Treasurer of the Exchequer or by or upon the determination of the Power or Office of any Comissioner or Comissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer or Treasurer of the Exchequer Nor shall any Comissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer or Treasurer of the Exchequer now or for the rime being have powrer to revoake countermand or make void such Orders so signed as aforesaid or any of them And the said respective yearely Funds of One hundred thousand pounds and seaventy thousand pounds (in case the whole sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds shall be advanced upon credit of the said Funds) shall be equally divided amongst the Contributors their Executors Administrators or Assignes dureing the Lives of their respective Nominees in proportion to the sums by them advanced yearely and every yeare by two equal halfe yearely payments that is to say the Foure and twentieth day of December and the Foure and twentieth day of June the first payment to be made the Foure and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety and three and upon the death of every Nominee the

A.D. 1692

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

375

share or shares of the said Funds which was or were payable dureing his Life shall be equally divided amongst Proviso for

the rest of the Contributors whose Nominees shall be liveing And so from time to time upon the death of every amongst n'omince«

Nominee whatsoever share or dividend was payable dureing the Life of such Nominee shall be equally divided amongst

the rest of the Contributors their Executors Administrators and Assignes dureing the lives of their respective

Nominees so that from time to time the whole respective yearely Funds shall bee divided and paid amongst

the Contributors whose Nominees doe survive until such time as there shall be but seaven Nominees liveing after

which tyme there shall be no more advantage of survivorship but upon the death of every of the said seaven

Nominees a seventh share of the said yearely Funds shall be answered to the use of Their Majesties Their Heires

and Successors And in case the w hole sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds shall not by the first day of May If the whole Sum

One thousand six hundred ninety and three bee advanced and paid by such Contributors upon the terms aforesaid Ilf^dvanoS^the

that then there shall be divided to and amongst such Contributors as shall before the said first day of May have Contributors to be

advanced and paid as aforesaid towards the same yearely and every yeare by two equal payments as aforesaid so the annualVunds

much only of the said yearly Funds as shall bear proportion to the said sum so advanced after the Rates aforesaid a* is proportionable

that is to say so much only of the said yearely Funds as shall dureing the first seaven yeares to comence from

the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety three answer yearely the sum of

Ten pounds for every hundred pounds so advanced and paid And from and after the expiration of the said

seven years during the Lives of the said Nominees and the survivor of them yearely and every yeare by Two

equal payments as aforesaid the sum of seaven pounds for every hundred pounds so advanced and paid to be

divided as aforesaid with the like benefitt and advantage of survivorship as is herein directed in case the whole

sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds shall be advanced and paid upon the terms aforesaid And from and after

the [said1] first day of May One thousand six hundred ninety and three no Contributors shall advance any further

sums upon the terms and advantages aforesaid

And for the encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay forthwith into the Receipt of the Exchequer ^ VIII. the sums by them intended to bee advanced upon the terms aforesaid it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid edit. allowed That every such Contributor shall receive out of the said yearely Funds for all moneys by him soe advanced and paid from the respective days of payment unto the said Four and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred till the 24th of June, ninety three Interest for the same at the rate of Ten pounds per Centum per Annum which Interest shall be mentioned and expressed in the order hereby appointed to be given upon payment of any such sums

And be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for any Contributor his Executors Administrators ix.

or Assignes at any time dureing the Life of his or their respective Nominee by any writeing under hand and Contributor may 0 . 3 . .... . . 33 0 . assign or devise

seale or by his or their last Will in writeing to assign or devise any one or more share or shares of the said his Interest.

Fund payable dureing the Life of any one or more Nominee or Nominees to any person or persons and so toties

quoties. and no such Assignements to be revocable so as an entry or memorandum of such Assignement or Will

be made in Books to be kept for that purpose in the said Office of the Receipt within the space of two Months

after such assignement or death of the Devisor And that upon the produceing such assignement or Will or Probat of Execution, to be

thereof in the said Office of Receipt to be entred as aforesaid the party so produceing the same shall bring

therewith an Affidavitt taken before some person authorized to take Affidavits in causes depending in any of the

Courts at Westminster of the due execution of the said Assignement or Will which Affidavits shall be severally

filed in the said Office Which said entry or memorandum the said Officers in the said Receipt of the Exchequer

are hereby required to make accordingly and to file the said Affidavits And in default of such Assignement or Proviso where no

Devise by Deed or Will the Interest of such Contributor shall goe to his Executors and Administrators for the Assignment or

3 . 0 . Devise.

Life of the Nominee such Nominee being some other person as aforesaid

And be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for any Guardian or Trustee haveing the disposeall X.

of the money of any Infant under the age of twelve yeares for the use and benefitt of such Infant to advance mayad^occMoncy and pay for the purpose aforesaid the sum of One hundred pounds of the moneys of such Infant and shall j«r Infant* under thereupon within such time as is herein before appointed for the nameing of Lives name the said Infant to be a Nominee and such Infant upon payment of the sume shall become a Contributor within the meaning of this Act and be intituled to have and receive dureing his or her Life a share of the said Funds in such manner and proportion as any other Contributor And the said Guardian and Trustee as to the said sume of One hundred pounds soe advanced is hereby discharged

And to the intent and purpose that all Deceits in receiveing any share of the said yearely Fund may be xi.

prevented and that the full advantage of survivorship may be had be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Contributor his Executors Administrators or Assignes upon their demanding any Ilalfe yearely payment of Half-yearly Pay-his or their respective shares (unlesse the Nominee appear in person att the said Receipt) shall produce a ^Certificate^om Certificate of the Life of his or their ^respective * ] Nominee signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Minister and Parish where such Nominee shall be then liveing upon the day when the said Halfe yearely payment shall become Nomin^VLifc^ due (if such Nominee shall be then resideing in the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed which Certificate the said Minister and Churchwardens are hereby required to make without fee or reward And the said Certificates shall bee filed in the said Office of Receipt in the Exchequer

And be it further enacted That in case any Nominee shall at the time of such demand be resident in Scotland XII.

or beyond the Seas and any one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer for the time being shall certifie NominM^in ^ that upon proof to him or them made (which Proof he and they is [& are hereby authorized & *] required to' Scotland^or

Entry of Assignment and Will, and Affidavit

filed in the Office of Receipt.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

XIII. Contributor neglectine to demand, his Half-yearly Payment it goes to the rest.

Proviso.

XIV. Account of the Deaths of Nominees to be made within 20 Days of ever)' Payment.

XV. Contributor receiving Share after Nominee's Death, and not repaying;

Penalty.

XVI. Officer of the Exchequer to execute Act without Fee. Such Officer offending;

Penalty.

Full Costs to Plaintiff in Action against such Officer.

Proviso respecting Collusion.

XVII. Proviso for Officer paying Money upon forged Certificate, except privy.

XVIII. Contributor to certify Death of his Nominee, and return his Tally,

Penalty £10.

XIX. Credit of Loan to make up the Sum Of <101,000,000.

take in a summary way) it doth seem probable to him or them that the said Nominee is liveing (which Certificate is to be given and examination made without any fee or charge the said Certificate being filed as aforesaid shall be a sufficient Warrant for the payment of the said Halfe vearely share to the respective Contributors their Executors Administrators or Assignes

And be it further enacted That in case any person who by the intent of this Act shall bee intituled to receive any Halfe yearely payment of his share of the said Funds shall at any time neglect to demand the same in manner as aforesaid until within twenty days before the next Halfe yearely payment shall become due he shall lose and forfeit such Halfe yearly payment so neglected to be demanded and the same shall be divided amongst the Contributors as if his respective Nominee had been dead and soe from time to time upon every default Provided neverthelesse that if such Contributor shall afterwards make a demand in due time in manner aforesaid for any following Halfe yearely payment, such Contributor shall for the future have [a1] share of the said Funds as if such default had not been made

And to the intent it may appear and be ascertained upon every Halfe yearely payment unto and amongst what persons and in what proportions the said Funds are to be distributed Be it enacted That in the said Office of Auditor of the Receipt every Halfe year within Twenty days before the respective days of payment there shall be made up an Account of the several] Nominees whose Deaths are come to knowledge and of the severall Contributors who have made default in makeing demand as aforesaid that so the rest of the Contributors may have the advantage thereof

And be it further enacted That if any person shall receive any one or more Halfe [yearely *] payments of the said Funds after the death of any Nominee for whose Life such share was payable it shall be lawful for any Contributor to require the same to be repaid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the benefitt of the Contributors And in case of refusal or neglect to pay in the same within one month after such demand such person so refuseing or neglecting shall forfeit treble the sum so received to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of Their Majesties Courts att Westminster in the name of such Contributor who shall make the demand as aforesaid in which Action no Essoign Protection Priveledge or Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall bee allowed

And bee it further enacted for the better incourageing persons to advance the said sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds upon the terms aforesaid That all receipts and issues and all other things directed by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer shall be done and performed by the Officers there without demanding or receiveing directly or indireftlie any fee gratuity or reward for the same And in case any of the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such fee or reward or shall divert or misapply any of the said weekely sums to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for makeing upp the aforesaid Funds or shall pay or issue out the same otherwise then according to the intent of this Act or shall not keep Books and Registers and make entries and do and performe all other things which by this Act they are required to performe every such Officer shall forfeit his Office and be for the future incapable of any Office or place of Trust whatsoever and shall answer and pay treble damages with costs of Suite to every Contributor their Executors Administrators and Assignes to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein no Essoign Protection Priviledge of Parliament or other Priveledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed And in the said Action the Plaintilfe upon Recovery shall have his full Costs one third part of which sum so to be recovered shall be paid into the Receipt of the

Exchequer for the benefitt of the said Contributors and the other two third parts shall be to the use of the

Prosecutor And in case there shall bee any Collusion or faint Prosecution between the Plaintilfe and Defendant

in such Action it shall bee lawfull for any other Contributor to bring another Action wherein hee shall recover as aforesaid to the uses aforesaid

Provided always and be it enacted That in case any Officer of the Exchequer shall make payment of any share or shares of the said Fundf upon such Certificate as is before directed such Officer shall not incur any penalty forfeiture or disability or be liable to any Action of the Contributors for doing thereof although the said Certificate be forged or false or the said Nominee be dead unlesse the said Officer did know at the time of such payment that the said Nominee was dead or that the said Certificate was forged or false

And be it further enacted That ever)' Contributor his Executors Administrators or Assignes within one month next after notice of the Death of his or their respective Nominee shall certifie such Death to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the time being and shall also within three months after such notice deliver or cause to bee delivered upp to the said Auditor his or their Tally and Order by which hee or they were or was intituled durcing the Life of such Nominee to receive any share of the [said1] Fund in case such Tally and Order be in his or their hands or power and in default thereof such Contributor his Executors Administrators and Assignes shall forfeit the sum of Ten pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt as aforesaid and to bee had and received to

the use of any person who shall sue for the same

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if the whole sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds be not advanced and paid into the Exchequer upon this Act before the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand tvfcix hundred ninety three that then it shall and may be lawfull for Their Majesties or their Officers in the Receipt

1 his 0.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

3TT

of Their Majesties Exchequer by Their Command and Appointment to borrow and take into the said Receipt for Their Majesties use by way of Loan any Sum or Sums of Money which together with the whole value or amount of all the Sums of money which shall before the said Foure and twentieth day of June be advanced and paid upon the Termes and Advantage of Survivorship as aforesaid or upon the Terms hereafter in this Act mentioned shall not exceed the Sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds Which Sum or Sums so taken upp by way of Loans hall and may be charged upon [the1] Credit of Their Majesties Exchequer in General and Tallies of Loan and Orders of Repayment of the same shall be leavied accordingly Which Orders shall be assigneable and transferrable from one person to another

And it is hereby enacted That all and every Sum and Sums of money so to be borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid together with the Interest for the same not exceeding the rate of Seaven pounds per Centum per Annum to bee paid every three months until satisfaccon of the principal or so much thereof as shall not be repaid out of such moneys as shall be advanced upon the Terms hereafter in this Act mencoed at or after the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety three and before the Twenty ninth day of September next following (all which said moneys so to be advanced from and after the said Foure and twentieth day of June and before the said Twenty ninth day of September shall be applied and appropriated and are appropriated for the dischargeing the several Loans made upon this Act so far as the same will extend) shall be payable and be paid or satisfied unto the respective Lender or Lenders of the same his her or their Executors Administrators or Assignes out of any of the next Aids or Supplies to be granted to Their Majesties in Parliament and shall be transferred and transferable thereunto as soon as any such aid or supply shall be granted And in case no [such aid or supply shall be granted to Their Majesties before the Second day of February One thousand six hundred ninety three then the said Sum and Sums of money so to bee borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid and the Interest thereof or so much thereof as shall bee not repaid out of the moneys which shall be advanced before the said Twenty ninth day of September as aforesaid shall be payable and be paid and satisfied to the said Lender or Lenders his or their Executors Administrators or Assigns respectively by and out of any of Their Majesties Treasure which from henceforth shall come into be or remain in the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer not being already appropriated to any particular Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this time made

And be it further enacted That for the better and more effectual supply of Their Majesties present Occasions that if the Sum of Five hundred thousand pounds part of the said Sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds be not advanced and paid into the Exchequer upon this Act before the First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety three that then it shall and may be lawfull for Their Majesties to borrow upon Interest as aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand pounds to be paid out of such other moneys as shall be advanced upon this Act between the First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety three and the said Twenty ninth day of September One thousand six hundred ninety three in case the money so advanced shall be sufficient for the payment thereof or otherwise so much thereof as the same shall extend to pay And the residue of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand pounds so taken up upon Loan which shall remain unpaid out of the moneys advanced upon this Act as aforesaid shall be taken and reckoned as part of the said Sum before directed to be and made payable out of any of the next Aids or Supplies to be granted to Their Majesties in Parliament or out of Their Majesties Treasure as aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case the whole Sum of Ten hundred thousand

Pounds shall not be advanced by the said Contributors and paid into the Exchequer before the said First day of

May One thousand six hundred ninety and three upon the Terms and Advantage of Survivorship as aforesaid that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person or persons Natives or Foreigners after the said First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety three and before the Nine and twentieth day of September then next following to advance and pay into Their Majesties Exchequer any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the wrhole (together with what shall have been before the said First day of May advanced by the said Contributors

as aforesaid) the said Sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds upon the Terms following that is to say That every

such person out of the Moneys ariseing by the Rates and Duties of Excise granted by this Act shall have and receive for every Sum of One hundred Pounds by them respectively advanced and paid a yearely Annuity Rent or Payment of Foureteen Pounds of lawfull English money (and proportionably for a greater Sum) [and *] for and dureing the Life of such person so advanceing or paying the same or dureing any other Life to be nominated by the person advancing or paying any such Sum as aforesaid the same to be nominated within Six days after payment of the said Sum Which yearely Annuities Rents or Payments shall comence from the Nine and twentieth day of September One thousand six hundred ninety three and shall be paid and payable at the Foure most usuall Feastf* in the year that is to say at the Feasts of the Birth of our Lord Christ the Annunciac&n of the Blessed Virgin Mary the Nativity of Saint John Baptist and the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel by even and equal portions And every person on payment of any such Sum or Sums as aforesaid shall imediately have one or more Tally or Tallies importing the Receipt of the consideration money and orders for payment of the said Annuities beareing [the same'] Date with the Tally the said Orders to bee signed in the same manner as is in this Act before mencoed touching Orders to be given to the before mencoed Contributors and not to be determinable revocable or countcrmandable as touching the before mentioned Orders is enacted Which said Orders

XX.

£'] per Cent, to Lender, and the Charge of the Principal and Interest transferred to the next Parliament Aid ; and if no Aid, to next Revenue not already appropriated.

XXI.

If £$co.oooo only advanced before May, the King may borrow ^500,000 more, to be paid out of Money raised betwixt that time and September; if that fall short, next Aid chargeable.

XXII.

If the whole Sum of s£ 1,000,000 be not raised before May, Persons contributing to have the Advantage of *£14 perCent. for Life of the Nominee.

Time limited for nominating Life.

Commencement and times of Payment of Annuities.

Lenders to have Tally and Order for Payment.

Orders assignable.

5 U

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. &Mar. c.3.

Monies raised appropriated to Payment of the j£i4 per Cent, and not divcrtible.

Penalty.

Officers to keep Books, &c. without Fee.

Access to Books.

Interest after the Rate of o^io per Cent, allowed till September.

XXIII. Persons contributing upon Survivorship may change it into an Annuity of ^14 per Cent, for Life.

Memorial thereof, and thereupon Contributor to receive his Annuity.

XXIV.

Proviso for their Majesties advantage of Survivorship.

XXV. Annual Surplus Money of Duties given to Their Majesties.

XXVI. Money lent Tax free.

XXVII. Grants of Duties to other Uscs,&c. void.

shall be assigneable and transferable in such and the same manner as is before mentioned touching the said Orders given to the Contributors as aforesaid upon the Terms and Advantages in this Act first mencoed And all the moneys ariseing by the Rates and Duties hereby granted over and besides so much as shall bear proportion after the Rates aforesaid to the whole Sum which shall be advanced by the Contributors before the said First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety and three) are and shall be appropriated and applied and are hereby appropriated to and for the payment of the said Annuities or yearelie Rents or Sums after the Rate of Fourteene Pounds per Annum for every Hundred Pounds advanced as aforesaid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act and shall not be divertible or diverted to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever under the like Penalties Forfeitures and Disabilities in respect to all and every the Officers above mentioned as are before appointed and enacted in case of diverting or misapplying any part of the moneys which ought to be paid to the Contributors who are to have the advantage of survivorship as aforesaid and the said Officers respectively are hereby required to keep Books and Registers and make Entries of the Names of all persons who shall advance any money after the said First day of May as aforesaid and of the several sums so advanced and the times of paying in the same respectively and the Names of such Persons for whose Lives the several Annuities and yearely payments are to be payable without Fee or Reward as aforesaid (to which Books all Persons concerned shall have accesse as aforesaid) All which the said Officers are to do and performe under. the like penalties and forfeitures and disabilities as aforesaid And every Person who shall advance and pay any such Sum as

aforesaid after the said First day of May shall receive out of the money granted by this Act for all moneys by him so advanced and paid from the respective Days of payment unto the said Nine and twentieth day of September One thousand six hundred ninety three Interest for the same att the rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum

Provided also and be it enacted That if any Contributor who on or before the said First day of May shall have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money in respect whereof such Contributor shall be entituled to have a proportionable share of the said yearely Funds with the benefittf of Survivorship as aforesaid shall at any time after the said First day of May and before the said Nine and twentieth day of September be minded or desirous (in lieu and satisfaction of such proportionable share of the said Funds with such benefitts of Survivorship) to have an yearelie Annuitie Rent or Payment of Foureteen Pounds of lawfull English money for every or any Sum of One hundred Pounds by such Contributor so advanced to be paid dureing the Life of his her or their Nominee before mencoed and shall signifie such desire to the said Auditor of the Receipt or the Clerk of the Pells for the time being that then the said Auditor of the Receipt or Clerk of the Pells shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made in a Book or Books for this purpose to be kept in the said Receipt And the said Entry or Memorial being signed by the said Contributor such Contributor his Executors Administrators and Assignes dureing the Life of the said Nominee (whether such Nominee shall bee the Contributor or any other person shall have and receive for every Sum of One hundred Pounds which shall have been so advanced a yearely Annuitie Rent or Payment of Foureteen Pounds as aforesaid at the Foure Feasts aforesaid by equal Portions in such manner and with such and the same advantagf as if such Contributor had originally paid in the moneys by him advanced after the said First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety three

Provided always That after such Entry or Memorial shall bee made in the said Book or Books and signed by the Contributor as aforesaid all further Payments which should grow due to such Contributor for his proportionable part of the said yearely Funds shall cease and determine for Their Majesties benefitt Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further enacted That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder of the moneys ariseing by the Rates and Duties granted by this Act at the end of any year dureing the said Terme of Ninety nine years after all the said several proportions of the said yearely Funds and all and every the Annuities Rents and yearely Payments and all Interest payable by this Act shall be fully satisfied paid and discharged such surplus or remainder shall bee to the use of Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors

And be it further enacted That any moneys lent by or payable to any person or persons upon or by virtue of this Act shall not be charged or chargeable with any Rates Duties or Impositions whatsoever

Provided always and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Grants or Dispositions of any of the moneys ariseing or which shall be collected by the Authority of this Act hereafter to bee made by Their [Majesties'] Their Heires or Successors to any other person or persons or in any other manner or for any longer Terme or Interest then by this Act is appointed shall be and are hereby declared null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever

' interlined on the Roll.

379

4° Gul. & Mar. c.4.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for takeing Special Bails in the Countrey upon Actions and Suites depending in the Courts of Kings-Bench Comon Pleas and Exchequer att Westminster

FOR the greater ease and benefitt of all persons whatsoever in takeing the Recognizances of Special Bails upon all Actions and Suites depending or to be depending in any of the Courts of Kings Bench Comon Pleas or Exchequer at Westminster Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the C.heif Justice and other the Justices of the Court of Kings Bench for the time being or any two of them whereof the Cheif Justice for the time being to be one for the said Court of Kings Bench and the Chief Justice of the Court of Comon Pleas and other the Justices there for the time being or any Two of them whereof the Chief Justice of the same Court to bee one for the said Court of Comon Pleas

and also the Cheife Baron and Barons of the Quoife of the Court of Exchequer for the time being or any Two

of them whereof the Chief Baron for the time being to be one for the said Court of Exchequer shall or may by one or more Comission or Comissions under the several Seals of the said respective Courts from time to time

as need shall require impower such and so many persons other then comon Attorneys and Solicitors as they

shall think fitt and necessary in all and every the several Shires and Counties within the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed to take and receive all and every such Recognizance or Recognizances of Bail or Bails as any person or persons shall be willing or desirous to acknowledge or make before any of the persons so impowered in any Action or Suite depending or [hereafter*] to be depending [depending1] in the said respective Courts or any of them in such manner and forme and by such Recognizance or Bail-peece as the Justices and Barons of the said respective Courts have used to take the same which said Recognizance or Recognizances of Bail or Bailpeice so taken as aforesaid shall be transmitted to some or one of the Justices [&J] Barons of the said respective Courts where such Action or Suite shall be depending who upon Affidavitt made of the due takeing of the Recognizance of such Bail or Bail peece by some credible person present at the takeing thereof such Justice or Baron shall receive the same upon payment of such Fees as have been usually received for the takeing of Special Bails by the Justices and Barons Clerkf and other the Officers of the said respective Courts Which Recognizance of Bail or Bail-peece so taken and transmitted shall be of the like effect as if the same were taken de bene esse before any of the said Justices [and4] Barons for the takeing of every which Recognizance or Recognizancf of Bail or Bail-piece the person or persons so impowered shall receive only the Sum or Fee of two shillingf and no more

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Justices and Barons respectively in the several Courts shall make such Rules and Orders for the justifying of such Bails and makeing of the same absolute as to them shall seem meet so as the Cognizor or Cognizors of such Bail or Bails be not compelled to appear in person in any of the said Courts to justifie him or themselves but the same may and is hereby directed to be determined by Affidavitt or Affidavitf duely taken before the said Comissioners who are hereby impowered and required to take the same and also to examine the Sureties upon Oath touching the value of their respective Estates unlesse the Cognizor or Cognizors of such Bail do live within the Cities of London and Westminster or within Ten miles thereof.

Rot. Parl. pt. 2.

nu. 3.

Chief Justice, &c.

may make any Persons, except Attorneys and Solicitors, Commissioners to take Bail in the Country.

Justices, See. to receive the Bail-piece upon Affidavit of due Execution.

Such Bail to be of the same EfFc& as if taken de benecssc. Commissioners'Fee.

11.

Power given to Justices, &c to make Rules for justifying not ordering Appearance of Cognizor.

Proviso for London, See.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That any Judge of Assize in his Circuit shall and may in-

take and receive all and every such Recognizance and Recognizances of Bail or Bails as any person shall be willing and desirous to make and acknowledge before him which being transmitted in like manner as aforesaid shall (without Oath) be received in manner as aforesaid upon payment of the usuall Fees.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That any person or persons who shall (before any person or persons impowered by virtue of this A & as aforesaid to take Bail or Bails) represent and personate any other person or persons (whereby the person or persons so represented and personated may be liable to the payment of any Sum or Sums of money for Debt or Damagf to be recovered in the same Suite or Action wherein such person or persons are represented and personated as if they had really acknowledged and entred into the same being lawfully convicted thereof shall be adjudged esteemed and taken to be Felons and suffer the pains of Death and incur such Forfeitures and Penalties as Felons in other cases convicted or attainted do by the Law of England lose and forfeit.

IV.

Persons being Bail in an other Man's Name.

Death.

‘ interlined on the Roll.

• O. omits.

5 or O.

4 and 0.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

Rot. Par/, pt. 2. hu. 4.

Certain Duties wanted.

Amber Beads.

t

Amber Rough. Amber Oil.

Anchovies.

Ashes.

Barbers' Aprons, &c.

Battery, &c. Battery Mettle. Books unbound. Lamp Black.

Boultcl Reins.

Bracelets, &c. of Glass.

Brass wrought. Buckrams.

Hair Buttons.

Bristles dressed and undressed.

Bacon.

Calves Skins.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for granting to Their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize

for the prosecuting the present War against France

WEE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Comons assembled in Parliament for a further supply of your Majesties extraordinary occasions and the effectual Prosecution of the War against France have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted and do hereby give [[& *3 grant unto your Majesties the additional and other Rates Impositions Duties and Charges upon the several sorts of Goods and Merchandize to be imported into the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed or from thence exported as herein after expressed dureing such time and in such manner and forme as hereinafter followeth And do humbly pray your Majesties that it may be enabled and be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That there shall be answered and paid to their Majesties and their Successors for the several Goods and Merchandizes hereafter mentioned over and above all Impositions Duties and Charges already imposed and payable upon and for the same in the Book of Rates of Merchandize by Act of Parliament estalished and the direSion therein contained or otherwise the further Rates and Duties following (that is to say)

For every Hundred pounds value of Amber Beadf imported after the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two and before the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety six Twenty pounds more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity

For Amber Rough imported within the time aforesaid Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Amber Oyl or Oyl of Amber imported within the time aforesaid Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Anchovies the little Barrel not exceeding Sixteen pounds of Fish imported within the said time for every Hundred pounds value Five pounds more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Ashes called Wood Weed or Soap Ashes imported within the said time Six shillingf the last more [Then1] the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates

For Barbers Aprons and Checques imported within the said time Eight pence the piece each more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates

For every Hundred weight of Battery Bashrones or Kettles (containing One hundred and twelve pounds) imported within the said time Five shillingf more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every Hundred weight (containing One hundred and twelve pounds) of Mettle prepared for Battery imported within the said time Five shillingf more then now is paid for the same by the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion as aforesaid.

For every Hundred weight of Books unbound (conteyning One hundred and twelve pounds) imported within

the said time Foure shillingf more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion

as aforesaid.

For Black called Lamp Black imported within the said time Twenty pounds for every Hundred pounds

value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion lor any greater or lesser quantity

For Boultel Reins imported within the said time Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

For every Gross of Braceletf or Necklaces of Glasse imported within the said time Two shillingf and six

pence more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates or by any other Statute now in

force.

For Brasse wrought imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for a greater or lesser quantity

For Buckrums imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the

same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

For Buttons of Hair imported within the said time Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then

the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity For Bristles drest and undrest imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

For every pound of Bacon imported within the said time Foure pence

For Calves Skins imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then

the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

interlined on the Roll.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

381

For Carpetf of all sorts imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity For every Grosse of Catlingf and Lustringf imported within the said time Eighteen pence the Gross more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity For Coals Scotch imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same are charged with in the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every Thousand of Canes called Walking Canes imported within the said time Five and twenty shillingf more then is now paid for the same and soe in proportion as aforesaid.

For Canes called Rattans imported within the said time Five shillingf the thousand more then is now paid for

the same and soe in proportion as aforesaid.

For every Hundred weight of Copper called Rose Brick Copper Coyne and all Cast Copper (containing One hundred and twelve pounds) imported within the said time Seven shillingf and six pence more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity For every Hundred weight of Copper part wrought as Plates Bars Rods or raised (containing One hundred and twelve pounds imported within the said time Twelve shillingf six pence more then is now paid for the same and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every Hundred weight of Copper fully wrought (containing One hundred and twelve pounds) imported within the said time Seventeen shillingf and six pence more then is now paid for the same and so in proportion as aforesaid

For Coral Beadf and all polished Coral imported within the said time Twenty pounds for every Hundred

pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater

or lesser quantity

For all Manufactures of Cotton only (except Dimity) not brought from East India or China imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for [a1] greater or lesser quantity

For every Hundred pounds value of Couries imported within the said time Ten pounds more then is now paid for the same and so in proportion as aforesaid

For Klephantf Teeth imported within the said time Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity For Flax Rough imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Flax dressed or wrought imported within the said time Fifteen pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every Hundred pounds value of Tow* imported within the said time Five pounds more then the same is charged with as aforesaid and so in proportion as aforesaid

For every Yard of Flannel imported within the said time Two pence more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates.

For every Yard of Frieze imported within the said time Three pence halfe-penny more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates

For every Hundred pounds value of Furs of all sorts imported within the said time Five pounds more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity For Gold and Silver Thread and Wire Counterfeit imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every pound of Goatf Hair called Carmenia Wool imported within the said time Fowre pence more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates

For ever)' Pound of Goatf Hair of any other sort imported within the said time Two pence more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates

For Hides of all sorts dressed and undressed (except Buff and Losh) imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every Buff Hide imported within the said time Two shillingf more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates.

For every Losh Hide imported within the said time One shilling more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates

For Hemp Rough imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Diamondf Pearls Rubies Emerauldf and all other Jewels and precious Stones imported within the said time Twenty shillingf for every Hundred pounds value to be affirmed by the Oath of the Importer in lieu of all Impositions and Duties now payable for the same and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

For every Pound of Indico of Forreigne Plantation not being of the growth of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crowne of England imported within the said time Fowre pence more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates

Carpets.

Catlings and Lutestrings.

Scotch Coals.

Walking Canes.

Rattans.

Copper.

Copper Plates, &c.

Copper wrought.

Coral Beads and polished Coral.

Certain Cotton Manufactures, except Dimities.

Couries.

Elephants Teeth.

Flax rough.

Flax wrought.

Tow.

Flannel.

Frieze.

Furs.

Gold and Silver Thread and Wire.

Carmenia Wool.

Goats Hair, common.

Hides dressed and

undressed,

(Exception.)

Buff Hide.

Losh Hide.

Hemp Rough.

Diamonds, &c. Value on Oath.

Foreign Jndigo.

1 any 0.

5 E

382

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

A.D. 1692.

Plantation Indigo.

Iron Wares from Ireland.

The Duties thereon collected as by 2 W. icM. Sess. 2. c* 4*

Shaven and Black Lattin and Round Bottoms.

Leather.

Lime and Lemon Juice.

Litmus.

Lapis Calaminaris. Madder.

Orchal.

Pintadoes, per £ioo. i€s-

Pitch.

Silver Plate, gilt or ungilt.

Rice.

Rozin.

Exception.

Salt.

Exception.

Thrown Silk.

Wrought Silk.

Exception.

2 W. & M. Sess. 2.

c.4.

Silk Ferret.

Skins.

Tar.

Tick and Ticking.

Thread Outnel.

For every Pound of Indico of the growth of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crowne of England imported within the said time Two pence more then the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates

For all Iron [Iron'] Potts Kettles Backs for Chimneys Iron slit or hainmerd into Rods Frying pans Anvils wrought single white and black Plates double white and black Plates and all other Iron Wares imported from Ireland within the said time the same respective Duties as are laid on Iron and Iron Wares imported from any Foreigne Part by one Act made in the Second yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures and upon all wrought Silkf and several other Goods and Merchandizes to be imported after the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety

For Lattin shaven black Lattin and round Bottoms imported within the said time Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion for for any greater or lesser Quantity

For Leather of all Sorts imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity

For all Lime and Lemmon Juice imported within the said time twenty pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Litmus imported within the same time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion as aforesaid.

For all Lapis Calaminaris exported within the said time Twenty shillingf for every Tun over and above all other Duties payable for the same and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity (*).

For Madder of all sorts imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Orchal imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value thereof more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion as aforesaid

For Pintadoes or Calico Cupboard Cloaths imported within the said time and not brought from East India or China Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion as aforesaid.

For Pitch imported within the said time not being of the product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crowne of England or Scotland one moiety more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates.

For all sorts of Plate of Silver guilt or unguilt imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Rice imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Rozin of all sorts imported within the said time (except French Rozin) not being of the product of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crowne of England or Scotland Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion as aforesaid

For every Weigh of Salt imported within the said time (except such Salt as shall be used in curing of Fish) Five shillingf more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For Silk Thrown of all sorts into the Gum imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

For every Pound of Silk Wrought other then Alamodes and Lustringf imported within the said time Two shillingf more then the same is charged with in the said Book of Rates or by an Act of this present Parliament made in the Second yeare of their Majesties Reigne intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East-India Goods and Manufactures and upon all Wrought Silkf and several other Goods and Merchandize to be imported after the Five and twendeth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety

For Silk Ferret or Floret imported within the said time One moiety more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates.

For Skins of all sorts imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in propordon for any greater or lesser quantity.

For all Tarr imported within the said dme not being of the product of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crowne of England or Scotland one moiety more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates.

For Tickf [orJ] Tickingf (except Scodsh Tickf and Tickingf) imported within the said dme Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in propordon for any greater or lesser quantity

For every dozen pounds of Thread Outnell imported within the said dme Foure shillingf more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in propordon for any greater or lesser quantity

4° G u l. & Ma r . c. 5.

383

For all Tapistry and Domix imported within the said time fexcept such as are manufactured in or brought from any part of the French Kings Dominions) Ten pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

For all [wrought'] Inckle imported within the said time one Moiety more then what is now paid for the

same

For all Pan-Tiles imported within the said time Eight shillings the thousand more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion as aforesaid.

For all sorts of Dying Wood imported wirhin the said time (except Red Wood from Guiney Drugf and

Logwood) Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same are charged within the said Book

of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

For all Wax called Bees Wax imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then the same is charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For every Tun of French Wine imported within the said time Eight pounds above all Duties already charged thereupon in the [said*] Book of Rates or by any other Law and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

Upon all French Goods and Merchandize (except Wine Brandy Salt and Vinegar) which shall be imported within the said time Five and twenty pounds for every Hundred pounds value thereof more then the same are charged within the said Book of Rates and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity

For all Silkf called Alamodes and Lustringf imported within the said time from any Ports or Places whatsoever Fifteen pounds for every Hundred pounds value more then is paid for the same by any Law now in force.

For all Lattin Brasse or Copper Wire imported within the said time Six shillingf the Hundred weight (containing one Hundred and twelve pounds) above all other Duties payable for the same

Upon all Goods and Merchandizes not particularly rated in the said Book of Rates paying Duty at value imported within the said time Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value thereof to be affirmed upon the Oath of the Importer according to the direction of the said Book of Rates (except Mum and such Goods and Merchandizes as are particularly charged by this Act or an Act of this present Parliament entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East-India Goods and Manufactures and upon all Wrought Silkf and several other Goods and Merchandizes to be imported after the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety

For every Gallon of Strong Water Aqua vite or Brandy commonly called single Brandy or Strong Waters imported within the said time to be paid by the Importer before Landing Two shillingf over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs at any time before the Second yeare of their Majesties Reigne payable for the same

For every Gallon of Strong Waters Spirits or Brandy above Proof called double Brandy imported within the said time to be paid by the Importer before landing Foure shillingf over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs at any time before the second yeare of their Majesties Reigne payable for the same

And whereas by one Act made in the Second year of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors (J) dureing the space of one year doth expire It is amongst other things enacted that for every Gallon of single Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite imported from beyond the Seas should be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the Duties payable for the same Foure shillingf And for every Gallon of Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite above proof comonly called double Brandy imported from beyond the Seas should be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the Duties payable for the same Eight shillingf Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said two Clauses last recited in the said Act mencoed concerning single Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite and Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite above Proof called double Brandy are and shall be from the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two repealed Any thing in the said last mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Providld always and be it enacted That the several Rates and Impositions hereby imposed upon the respective Goods and Merchandizes aforesaid shall be collected and paid according to the respective Rates and Proportions herein expressed and be raised leavied collected and paid unto their Majesties dureing the time before mentioned except where it is otherwise hereby directed in the same manner and forme and by such rules means and ways and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mencoed and expressed in one Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth yeare of the Reigne of King Charles the Second entituled A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported and the Rules Directions and Orders thereunto annexed or any other Law now in force relateing to the collection of their Majesties Customes which said Act and Aftf and every Article Rule and Clause therein contained shall stand and be in force for the purposes aforesaid dureing the continuance of this Act.

And be it further enacted That the several Rates and Duties upon Strong Water Aqua vite or Brandy comonly called single Brandy or Strong Water and upon (4) Water Spirits or Brandy above Proof called double Brandy shall be raised levied collected and paid unto their Majesties their Heires and Successors dureing the time before mentioned in the same manner and forme and by such rules means and ways and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned expressed and directed in one Act. of Parliament made in the Twelfth

Tapistry and

Dornix.

Exception.

Inkle.

Pan Tiles.

Dying Wood. Exception.

Bees Wax.

French Wine.

French Goods, per i^ioo. e£l$.

Alamodes and Lutestrings.

Lattin, Brass and Copper Wire.

Goods not in the Book of Rates.

Exception.

2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c 4.

Brandy, single.

Brandy, double.

II.

Duty upon Brandy, 2 W. M. Sess. 2. c. 10. made to cease.

IIL

The aforesaid Rates collected as by 12 Car. II. c. 4.

Exception.

IV.

Rates upon Brandy collected as by

‘ unwrought O. « (). omits.

J for sower yeares from the time that an Act for doubling the duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors O. and there does not appear any Act with the above Title in 2 W & M. * .Strong O.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

A.D. 1692.

12 Car. II. c. 24. 15 Car. II. c. 11.

V.

Merchant to give Security to pay in a Year's time, or £10 per Cent, rebated for present Payment.

Proviso for Re-exportation.

Rebate to Exporter of Amber Beads, &c.

VJ.

Importing Brandy in Vessels not containing 60 Gallons;

Penalty.

VII.

Separate Account of Duties, and paid weekly into Exchequer ; Penalty.

VIII. Recital of

2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c-4-

Additional Duty on Raisins and Currants imported.

IX.

The Length and Breadth of Calico settled

and Duty paid accordingly.

X.

Measure of East-Couotry-Linen.

yeare of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knightf Service and Purveyance and for settling a Revenue upon His Majestie in lieu thereof And alsoe in another Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth yeare of his R eigne entituled An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise and preventing the Abuses therein or in either of them or in any other Law now in force relateing to the Revenue of Excise.

And be it further enacted That for all additional Duties hereby imposed upon the aforementioned Goods and Merchandize to be imported as aforesaid the Importer giving Security at the Custom House shall have time not exceeding Twelve months for the Payment of the same from the Importation to be paid by Four equal and quarterly Paymentf or in case such Importer shall pay ready money he shall have after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum of the said Duty for a year abated to him and if the Goods and Merchandizes aforementioned imported as aforesaid for which the Duties hereby granted paid or secured at the Importation thereof be again exported by any Merchant English within Twelve months or by Strangers within Nine months after the Importation then the aforesaid Duty shall be wholly repaid or the Security vacated as to what shall be so exported except all Brandy for which the aforesaid Duty shall not be repaid Provided neverthelesse that the several Duties charged by this Act upon all Amber Beads Amber Ruff Coral Beadf and Polished Coral and all Cowries shall be repaid to the Merchant exporting the same within Three years after the Importation thereof Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And for preventing the Frauds frequently used in importing of Strong Water Spirits Aqua vite or Brandy in small quantities whereby the same is more easily conveyed away without payment of the Duties thereof Be it Enacted That from and after the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety three no

Brandy single or double shall be imported from parts beyond the Seas in any Vessel or Cask which shall not

contain Sixty Gallons at the least upon payne of forfeiting the said Brandy or the value thereof so to be imported as aforesaid whereof one halfe shall be to their Majesties and the other halfe to such Persons as shall informe or

sue for the same to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or

Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein no Essoign Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance.

And be it further enacted That all and every the Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in levying the Duties ariseing by this Act do keep a separate and distinct accompt thereof and pay the same in specie into their Majesties Exchequer weekly and upon neglect and refusal of the same every Officer offending shall be forejudged from and shall forfeit his Place or Office.

And whereas by the said Act entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions on all East India Goods and Merchandize and upon all wrought Silkf and upon several other Goods and Merchandize to be imported after the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety the Sum of Ten Pounds is imposed on every Hundred Pounds value of Grocery Ware and Druggf wherein the several sorts of Raisins

mentioned in the said Book of Rates, are included, and likewise the Sum of Five Pounds for every Hundred

Pounds value of Currantf which is found by experience to lessen the Importation thereof Wherefore for remedy thereof and the incouragement of Merchantf to import the said Goods Be it enacted That from and after the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three and thenceforth dureing the continuance of the said Act the Sum of Five Pounds only shall be paid for every Hundred Pounds value of Raisins of any sort to be imported after the said time over and above the Rates thereon charged in the said Book of Rates And

Fifty Shillingf and no more for every Hundred Pounds value of Currantf imported after the said time and

thenceforth dureing the continuance of the last mentioned Act over and above the Rates charged thereon in the said Book of Rates (the said Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding the same to be collected as in and by the said Act is directed and appointed

And whereas by the said Book of Rates a value is imposed on every Piece of Calico without mention of the length whereof such Piece should consist Be it further enacted That noe piece of Calico imported from and after the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two dureing the continuance of the said last recited Act of the breadth of One yard and a quarter or under shall exceed in length Ten yards And no piece of Calico

imported after the said time dureing the continuance of the said Act above that breadth shall exceed Six yards

And if any piece of Calico shall exceed those lengths the same shall be rated according to the respective length

of Ten yards and Six yards for each piece and pay for the same in that proportion for a greater or lesser

Quantity according to the Sum rated upon each piece of Calico in the said Book of Rates And that the Subsidy as well as the additional Duties upon Calicoes by the said last recited Act appointed shall be collected and paid according to that Admeasurement of each peece of Calico so imported from and after the said time and not otherwise Any thing in the said Book of Rates or in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding

And for the better ascertaining explaining and settling the Measures of East Countrey Linen Be it enacted that all Linen of Prussia Polonia or any part of the East Countrey (except Russia) above the breadth of three quarters and halfe quarter of a yard shall pay as broad Germany Linen dureing the continuance of the said last recited Act And all Whited Hinderlandf from the same Countries under that breadth shall pay dureing the said time as Narrow East Countrey Linen.

385

t '

4° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

And whereas by one Act made in the First year of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for the charging and collecting the Duties upon Coffee Tea and Chocolate at the Custom House it is enacted That from and after the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred eighty nine Five Pound? and twelve shilling? shall be paid for every Hundred Weight of Coffee imported into any part? within this Kingdom Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed (accounting One hundred and twelve Pound? to the Hundred Weight over and besides what was then paid or payable for the same at the Custom House And for every Hundred Weight of Cocoa Nut? imported and containing as aforesaid Eight Pound? and eight Shilling? over and besides what was then paid for the same at the Custom House And for every Pound weight of Tea imported Five Shilling? And for every Pound Weight of Chocolate ready made Five Shilling? over and besides what was then charged on Tea or Chocolate respectively at the Custom House which Duties are so excessive that few of the said Good? or Merchandize have been entred at the Custom House since the makeing of the said Act or any Duty answered to their Majesties for the same. Wherefore for reduceing the said Duties to a more reasonable Rate and Imposition for the incouragement and advancement of Trade and the greater Importation of the said respective Good? and Merchandizes be it enacted That from and after the said Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three there shall be answered and paid [unto1] their Majesties for every Hundred Weight of Coffee imported containing as aforesaid dureing the continuance of the said last mentioned Act the Sum of Six and fifty Shilling? and no more And for ever Pound of Cocao Nut? imported from any of the Dominions

or Plantations belonging to the Crowne of England after the said time during the continuance of the said Act the

Sum of six pence and no more and from any other Countreys or Places after the said time dureing the continuance

of the said Act Eight pence And for every Pound of Tea imported after the said time from any place from

which it may be by Law imported One Shilling and no more And for every Pound weight of Chocolate ready made imported after the time aforesaid dureing the continuance of the said Act One Shilling and no more Any thing in the said last recited Act or any other matter or thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Provided always That the Rates and Duties hereby appointed to be paid as aforesaid for the said respective Merchandizes of Coffee Cocoa Nut? Tea and Chocolate shall be paid and answered to their Majesties dureing the continuance of the said Act over and above the respective Duties charged or chargeable upon every of them in the said Book of Rates before the makeing of the said Act

Provided always and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid for the better encouragement of the Manufacture of Plain Silk? called Alamodes and Lustring? in this Kingdom none of the said Foreigne Silk shall be imported into this Kingdom after the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three but upon Notice first given to the Commissioners or Farmors of their Majesties Customs for the time being of the quality and quantity with mark? numbers and package of such Silk? so intended to be imported with the Name of the

Ship and Master or Comander on which they are to be laden and the Place into which they intend to import the

same and takeing a Licence under the Hand? of the Commissioners or Farmers for the time being or any three of them for the ladeing and importing thereof as aforesaid which Licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any Fee or Reward or any other Charge to the Persons demanding the same Any Law Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding And in case any of the said Good? shall be imported without such Notice being first given and Licence taken out as aforesaid the same shall be forfeited one Moiety thereof to

the use of their Majesties their Heires [and*] Successors and the other Moiety to him or them that shall seize or sue

for the same in any of their Majesties Court? of Record at Westminster wherein no Essoyn Priveledge Protection or Wager of Law nor more then one Imparlance shall be allowed

Provided always and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Officers of the Customs shall not take or receive from the Merchant exporting any of the Commodities chargeable by this or any other Act with any additional Duties above what is chargeable by the Book of Rates any Fee or Reward for passing any Debenture for repayment of the Duties to be paid back on Exportation according to the said Act? but shall only receive such Fees as were payable for Debentures for the repayment of the halfe Subsidy according to the Book of Rates and no more Nor shall any Fee or Reward be taken for any Oath to be administred at any Custom House upon this Act

And whereas by an Act made in the Third yeare of Their Majesties Reigne endtuled An Act for granting to Their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for one yeare it is enacted That no Collector Supervisor Gauger or other Officer concerned in the charging collecting or manageing the Duty of Excise shall either by Letter Message or Word of Mouth endeavor to perswade any Elector to give or disswade any Elector from giving his vote for any person or persons that shall be in nomination to be elected a Member or Members of Parliament. And whereas by the [said*] Act it is further declared and enacted That true notes in writeing of the last Gauges made or taken by the said Gaugers shall be left by them with all Brewers Makers or Retaylers of Beer Ale or other exciseable Liquors respectively or some of their Servant? at the time of their takeing the said Gauges containing the quantity and quality of the Liquors so gauged under the several penalties in the said Act mentioned Be it declared and enacted That the said Act so far as relates to Elections of Members to serve in Parliament and leaving true notes in writing of the last Gauges made or taken by the said Gaugers with the several Penalties respectively relateing thereunto be from and after the First day of March next hereby revived and shall continue and be in force dureing the continuance of this Act and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and no longer

XI.

i W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 6. recited.

The present Duty on Coffee and Cocoa imported.

XII.

Alamodes how to be imported.

Notice to Commissioners of Customs.

License to be granted.

Goods imported without Notice and License ; Penalty.

XIII.

Fee to be taken by Officers of the Customs.

XIV.

3 W. & M. c. i. as to Collectors not bein£ concerned in Elections, and giving Notes of their Gauges, continued.

1 to 0.

9 or 0.

1 interlined on the Roll.

5*'

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

A.D. 169c2.

XV. Clause of Credit for ^510,000.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person or persons Natives or Foreigners Bodies Politick or Corporate to advance and lend to Their Majesties into the Receipt of Their Exchequer upon the credit of this Act any sum or sums of money not exceeding the sum of Five hundred and ten thousand pounds in the whole and to have and receive for the forbearance of all such moneys as shall be lent Interest not exceeding the rate of Eight pounds per Centum per Annum

XVI.

Monies to be paid into the Exchequer weekly

How applied.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid That all and every the Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in the levying collecting and receiveing the Duties ariseing by this Act do keep a separate and distinct accompt thereof and pay the same in specie into the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer weekly on Wednesday in every Week unlesse it be an Holiday and then the next day after which shall not be [an'] Holiday and upon neglect or refuseal of the same shall incur the Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs as other the Officers of the Exchequer herein after mencoed shall be liable to Which moneys so paid in shall [be applied to1] the uses hereafter mentioned in this Act and no otherwise

XVII. Books to be kept in the Exchequer.

Tally of Loan to Lender, and Order and Warrant for Interest.

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in course.

Monies to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for

&c.

or for Payment of Money lent; Penalty ; Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer,

Penalty

By Deputy,

Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller not making Payments in due Order;

Penalty.

How all such Penalties are to be recovered.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in Their Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Officer of the Auditor of the Receiptf one Book in which all moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by vertue of this A£L shall be entred and registred apart and distinct from all other moneys paid or payable to their Majesties upon any account whatsoever And that all and every person and persons Natives and Foreigners Bodies Politick or Corporate who shall lend any money to their Majesties upon the credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same and an Order for his or their repayment beareing the same date with the Talley in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for forbearance not exceeding the Rates aforesaid for his or their consideration to be paid every three months until repayment of his or their principal And that all Orders for repayment of money shall be registred in course according to the date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand registred in the said Book so as that the person Native or Foreigner his or their Executors Administrators or Assigns who shall have his her or their Order or Orders first entred in the said Book shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the moneys to come in by vertue of this Act And he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and so successively & in course And that the moneys [to1] come in by this Act shall be in the same Order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective parties their Executors Administrators or Assigns successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever And that no Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of Their Majesties Subjects for provideing or makeing any such Books Registers Entries View or Search as aforesaid or in or for the payment of money lent or the Interest as aforesaid by any of Their Majesties Officer or Officers their Clerkf or Deputies on pain of payment of treble Damagf to the party grieved by the party offending with costs of Suit. Or if the Officer himselfe take or

demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his place also And if any undue preference of one before another

shall be made either in point of registry or payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the of the Debt Damages and Costs to the party grieved and shall be forejudged from his place or office And if such preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapable of his place or office And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerk of the Pells record or the Teller make payment according to each persons due place and order as afore directed then he or they shall be judged to forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerkf herein offending to be liable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and

Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid or any their Deputies or Clerkf shall and may be recovered

by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein no Essoign Protection Priveledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XVIII.

Proviso for Payment of Tallies of same Date.

Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded,no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

XIX. Orders for Money assignable.

Provided always and be it hereby declared That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for payment as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred then it shall be interpreted no undue preference which of those he enters first so he enters them all the same day Provided alsoe that it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerk of the Pells record and the Teller do pay subsequent orders of persons that come and demand their money and bring their order before other persons that did not come to demand their money and bring their Order in their course so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loan being to cease from the time the money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons to whom any moneys shall be due by virtue of this Act after Order entred in the Book of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assigns by indorsement of his Order may assign and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipt

4° Gul. & Mar. c.5,6.

387

aforesaid and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders which the Officer shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assigns to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner assign again and so toties quoties And afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignmentf to make void release or discharge the same or any the moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That out of the money which shall be levied and paid into the

Receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loan as otherwise by virtue of this Act or any other Act of this Session

of Parliament for granting Aid? or Supplies to their Majesties other then an Act entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties an Aid of Foure shilling? in the pound for one yeare for carrying on a vigorous War against France the Sum of Twelve hundred twenty six thousand five hundred and sixteen pound? ten shilling? shall be applied and appropriated and is hereby appropriated to and for the payment of Officers and Seamen that have served and shall serve in their Majesties Navy Royal and for the paying for Stores Provisions and Viduals supplied and to be supplied for the said Navy and to and for the expences of their Majesties Office of Ordnance in respect to Naval affairs and for other necessary uses and services performed and to be performed in and for the said Navy and not otherwise And if any Officer any way belonging to Their Majesties Revenue or to the Exchequer Navy

or Ordnance respectively shall wittingly and wilfully divert or misapply any part of the money her.eby appropriated

to any other purpose then to the uses hereby directed contrary to the true intent of this Act such Officer and Officers so offending shall forfeit his and their Office and Place and is and are hereby disabled and made incapable to hold or execute [[any1]] said Office or any other Office whatsoever.

Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the new or additionall Duties imposed by this Act shall not extend to affect such Foreigne Stores as have been sold to the use of Their Majesties Navy by contract with the Navy Board before the First day of January One thousand six hundred ninety two so as a Certificate be given from the Comissioners of the Navy that such Foreigne Stores have been so contracted for by them for Their Majesties Service as aforesaid and so as the Importer of the same do make Oath before the Commissioners appointed to manage the Customs which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer of the truth of the said Contract and that he will deliver the said Good? into Their Majesties Stores pursuant to the contract so certified by the Commissioners of the Navy.

And as well that the Revenue of the Customs may be more duly and regularly answered as to render the several Impostf granted by this present Act a more effectual supply to Their Majesties be it further enacted by

the authority aforesaid That as wrell the Comissioners as the Patent Officers and any of their Deputies Clerk? or

Servant? who have or shall have any imployment in or about Their Majesties Customs shall before the Nineteenth day of April next or att their respective admissions hereafter to such imployment take their Corporal Oaths for the true and faithfull execution to the best of their knowledge and power of their several Trust? and Imployment? comitted to their charge and inspection and that they will not take or receive any Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly other then their respective Salaries and what is or shall be allowed them from the Crowne or the

regular Fees established by Law for any service done or to be done in the execution of their imployment in the

Customs upon any account whatsoever.

Memorial without Fee.

Assignee may assign.

XX.

r{£ 1,2 26,5 I d out of Monies raised by this or any other Act of this Session, except c. 1. ante, appropriated to the Navy.

Officer misapplying Monies

Penalty.

XXI.

Foreign Stores sold to the Navy, not charged by this Act.

Oath of Contract.

XXII.

An Oath to be taken by the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the yeare One thousand six hundred ninety & three

although the Months Pay formerly advanced be not repaid

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. I.

TT THERE AS by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth years of the Reigne of his late Recital of 13 & 1^ wl Majesty King Charles the Second entituled An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of 0+) Car. II. c. 3. this Kingdom it was (amongst other thing?) enacted that in case of Invasions Insurredions or Rebellions whereby occasion should be to draw out the Souldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the said Act into actual service the persons charged by the said Act with Horses Horsemen and Anns or with Foot Soldiers and Arms should provide each their Soldier respectively with pay in hand not exceeding one months pay as should be in that behalfe directed by the respective Lieutenant? of the several Counties and in their absence or otherwise by their direction by their Deputies or any two or more of them for repayment of which said moneys and for satisfaction of the Officers for their pay dureing such time not exceeding one month as aforesaid as they should be with their Souldiers in such actual Service It was thereby declared that provision should be made for the same by his said Majesty His Heires and Successors out of his or their publick Treasury or Revenue Neverthelesse it was thereby further provided and enacted that in case a months pay should be provided and advanced as aforesaid that no person who should have advanced his proportion thereof should be charged with any other like months payment until he or they should have been reimbursed the said months Pay and so from time to time the said months Pay by him or them last before provided and advanced as aforesaid And whereas upon the invasion of

1 the 0.

A.l).\69c2.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 6, T.

And that upon the Invasion by the French it was found necessary to provide Soldiers with Pay in hand, and that the like Occasion may happen again.

In case of need, Persons charged to provide Pay in hand although Pay before advanced not repaid.

the Coastf of this Kingdom by the French it was found necessary for the publick defence and safety to draw out the said Souldiers into actual service and to charge the said persons to provide each their Soldier respectively with Pay in hand although the months Pay by several of them before that time provided and advanced was not nor could not be reimbursed. And whereas the like occasion may possibly happen dureing the present War Be it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That if at any time before the Twenty fifth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and foure it shall be found by their Majesties to be necessary for the defence and safety of this Kingdom to draw out the said Souldiers into actual service and the same shall be declared or signified to the respective Lievtenantf or Deputy Lievtenantf and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports Two Ancient Townes and their members or in his absence his Lievtenant or Lievtenantf by Their Majesties it shall be lawfull for the said Lievtenantf or their Deputies or any two or more of them as aforesaid and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports two Ancient Towns and their Members or in his absence his Lievtenant or Lievtenantf in pursuance of such Orders from their Majesties notwithstanding that one or more months Pay before that time advanced be not reimbursed to raise and draw out the said Souldiers into actual service and to cause the persons charged as aforesaid to provide each their Souldier with Pay in hand not exceeding one months Pay in such manner as if all the Pay before that time advanced and provided had been fully reimbursed and paid.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 2.

13 & !4(i4)Car.II. c. 26. recited.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Seller of Butter, &c. discharged from the Penalty of 13 5c 14.C14) Car.II. c. 26. after the Buyer hath bought and approved of the Commodity.

II.

Buyer, &c. to seal Cask.

Seller afterwards changing or mixing the Commodity after Sale.

Penalty 20s. levied by Distress.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act to prevent Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese

FORASMUCH as diverse Countries of this Kingdom consist chiefly of Dairy Farmes and are in great measure supported by the sale of Butter and Cheese the growth and product of the same And by an Act of Parliament made in the Fourteenth yeare of the Reigne of his late Majesty King Charles the Second entituled An Act for reforming Abuses in Weighing and false Packing of Butter the Weight thereof is ascertained and the goodness of the Butter is secured under the Pains and Penalties therein mentioned And whereas the Cheesemongers of London their Fadors or Agents without any Authority have appointed in all or most of the Sea Port Towns in the said Counties a certain Officer called a Weigher who often times several Weeks after the Cheese and Butter hath been bought and approved by the Fadors and Agents of the said Cheesemongers at the Sellers House have taken upon them without any Authority to weigh and search the said Butter when the same comes to the Sea Ports to be shipped and there pretend that the same is faulty and set Rates of Deduction thereupon and give Notes thereof to the Fadors who bought such Butter and when the Fador comes to pay the Seller for the same they demand an Abatement accordingly which if the Seller refuseth to allow there are frequent Indidmentf or lnformacons exhibited against the Sellers upon the said Act of the Fourteenth of the said late King and great Oppressions have been and are daily comitted to the great Losse and Damage of diverse Land Owners and Farmers in the said Counties contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said Act. For prevention whereof be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That after the Fador or Buyer hath bought and contracted for the said Comodity and approved the same at the Sellers House or the Place where he exposes the same to Sale by searching [or1 ] weighing the same (if he think fit) the Seller shall not after bee charged or chargeable with or liable to any of the Penalties in the said recited Act of the Fourteenth yeare of the said late King Charles the Second mentioned or inflicted upon any pretence of want of Weight false Packing or mouldy Butter or the Tare or Weight not being sett upon the Cask or otherwise but from thenceforth shall be and is hereby discharged of and from the said Act Any other Law Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the preventing any Fraud in the Seller after the Fador or Buyer hath bought and contracted for the

said Butter and approved of the same Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Fador or

Buyer shall sett his Seal or Mark upon the said Butter or the Cask in which it is or his Name at length And

in case the same shall afterwards be exchanged or be opened and the Cask wherein the same is putt upp

changed or any bad and decayed Butter shall be mixed and packed upp with sound and good Butter or any other Fraud be comitted by the Seller and the Offender be thereof convicted upon Oath made of the said Offence before one or more of their Majesties Justice or Justices of the Peace by one or more Witnesse or Witnesses which

Oath the said Justice or Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer or upon confession of the

Offender or Offenders before such Justice or Justices the said Party or Parties shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillingf for every such Ferkin and Offence to be levied by Distresse and sale of the Offenders Goods and

Chattellf the overplus to be restored after all Charges of the said Distresse defrayed^ And every Constable of the

Parish or chief Constable of the Hundred where such Offence shall be comitted are hereby authorized and required to levy the same accordingly by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice or Justices so to do

1 and O.

A.D. 169C2.

389

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 7.

And to the end the Trade for Butter and Cheese may not bee ingrossed by particular Persons but may bee free and open to all Persons and especially to all the Cheesemongers who are free of the City of London Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every Warehouse-keeper Weigher Searcher or Shipper of Butter and Cheese at any Port or Place in this Kingdom shall receive into his or their Possession or Warehouse all Butter and Cheese that shall be brought to him or them for any of the Cheesemongers free of the City of London or other Person makeing the said Commodities and shall take due care thereof until the same [shall'] be shipped and shall shipp the said Butter and Cheese successively as it shall come to his or their Hands respectively (without undue preferring one Mans Goods before anothers) on the next Shipp or Hoy or Vessel that shall come to such Port or Place to lade Butter and Cheese for London (except the Owners of the said Goods shall give Order to the contrary) and shall receive for his and their respective care and pains therein of the Owners of the said Goods the sum of two shillingf and six pence for every Load and no more and soe proportionably And if any such person or persons or his or their servant or servantf shall refuse or neglect to receive such goods or to take due care thereof or shall not ship the said goods as they come to his or their hands successively as aforesaid that every such offender and offenders being thereof convict in manner as aforesaid shall forfeit for every Ferkin of Butter Ten shillings and for every Weigh of Cheese Five shillingf to be levied in manner as aforesaid

And for the prevention of fraudf and undue practice herein be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Warehouse-keeper Weigher Searcher or Shipper of Butter and Cheese in any such Port or Place shall from and after the First day of April One thousand six hundred ninety and three keep a Book wherein he and they shall duely and fairely enter all Butter and Cheese that shall be brought to him or them as the same comes to his or their respective hands in which entry shall be inserted the time when such Goods were received and the Quantity of such Goods and the Name of the Owner of the same And shall make the like Entries when the said Goods are shipped or put on board of the time when the same were shipped on board and the Masters Name and the Vessels Name in which the same are shipped or put on board and to whom the same are consigned Which Book so kept shall be free and open for all Persons to see and search att all times without paying any thing for such search And [if1] such Warehouse-keeper Weigher Searcher or Shipper of Butter and Cheese shall not keep such Book as aforesaid or shall refuse neglect or omitt to make such Entries therein as aforesaid or shall make any undue Entries therein (by undue preferring one Mans Goods before another) or shall refuse in the day-time to produce such Book to be searched as aforesaid That every such Offender and Offenders being thereof convict in manner as aforesaid shall forfeit for every Ferkin of Butter Two shillingf and six pence and for every Weigh of Cheese Two shillingf and six pence and for every other the aforesaid Offence the Sum of Two shillingf and six pence to be levied in manner as aforesaid And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods and Chattellf sufficient for the levying the said Penalty that then it shall and may be lawfull for the Justice [and3 ] Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made to comitt such Offender and Offenders to the Gaol without Bail or Mainprize there to remain until such Penalties shall be paid and satisfied.

III.

The Weigher, &c. of Butter and Cheese to ship off all that belongs to the London Cheesemongers.

Fee to the Weigher.

Weigher refusing to receive or ship Goods, &c.

Penalty.

IV.

Weigher, &c. to keep a Book of the receiving and shipping the Butter, &c.

Book inspc&ed without r cc.

Weigher, &c. offending

Penalty.

Distress.

If no Goods, Imprisonment.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Master of any Shipp Hoy or Vessel comeing V.

to such Port or Place to lade Butter and Cheese or his or their Servant or Servantf shall refuse to take and iUSdng^tafe receive on board his and their respective Vessels any such Butter and Cheese as shall be tendred to be shipped in Butter> &c. by such Warehouse-keeper Weigher Searcher or Shipper of Butter and Cheese before the same be sufficiently laden that then every such Offender and Offenders being thereof convict in manner as aforesaid shall forfeit for Penalty, every Ferkin of Butter so refused Five shillingf and for every Weigh of Cheese so refused Two shillingf and six pence to be levied in manner as aforesaid.

Provided that one halfe of all Penalties and Forfeitures within this Act shall be to the use of the Poor VI.

inhabiting within the Parish where such Offence shall be from time to time comitted to be paid to the Churchwardens betwlxt8Informer and Overseers of the Poor of and in such Parish and the other halfe to the Informer to be distributed by the said and Poor.

Justice or Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted.

Provided always that this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to exclude any Cheesemonger or VII.

Cheesemongers free of the City of London from sending his and their owne proper Vessels for his and their owne

proper and respective Goods But that it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Person and Persons to send their own Vessels, his and their owne proper Vessels or such other Vessels as he or they shall hire and send from London to freight by Charter party for his and their owne respective proper Goods and to and for the Warehouse-keeper at such Ports where such Vessels shall be sent to shipp the aforesaid Goods on board and to and for such Masters of such Vessels and their Servants to receive the same as he they or any of them could or might have done before the makeing of this Act

Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Warehouse which VIII.

now is or hereafter shall be within the Counties of Chester or Lancaster or within the County of the City of Warehouses, &c. in Chester nor to any Vessel or Boat at any time belonging to or that shall come into any the Ports or Havens of Chester, Cheshire,

and Lancashire.

any the said Counties.

[Provided always That if any Person or Persons shall think him or themselves agrieved by the determination IX.

of any Justice of the Peace who shall at any time ad in pursuance of the Powers to him given by this Act it hilucfio^ssions

shall and may be lawfull to and for such Person or Persons to [appealc to4] the next General Quarter Sessions

» can O.

8 omitted in King's Printer's Copy.

5 or 0.

interlined on the Roll.

jG

4° Gul. & Mar. c.7,8.

slD.\69c2.

Decision final.

Security for Costs by Appellant.

of the Peace to be held for the County Riding City or Towne Corporate where the said Offence shall be committed the Determination of which Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties the Person -so appealing first giveing to the Party accused a Bond of the Penalty of Twenty pounds with one or more sufficient Sureties to the likeing of the said Justice of Peace from whom the said Appeal shall be so made to pay such Costs to the said Party accused as the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall allow in case the Appellant be not relieved upon his [said' ] Appeal The said Costs to be [soe1 ] paid within One Month after the Hearing and Determining the said Appeal.1]

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. 3-

Taking a Highwayman.

Reward on tendering a Certificate to Sheri ff.

Dispute about Reward between the Takers of Highwaymen; Proceedings.

Sheriff not paying Reward j

Penalty.

II.

Executor, &c of Person killed by Robber to have the Reward.

III.

Sheriff allowed Payment in his Accounts.

Sheriff not having sufficient Money in hand repaid by Treasury.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act for encourageing the apprehending of Highway Men

WHEREAS the Highways and Roads within the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales have been of late time more infested with 'Thieves and Robbers then formerly for want of due and sufficient encouragement given and means used for the discovery and apprehension of such Offenders whereby so many Murders and Robberies have been edmitted that it is become dangerous in many parts of the Nation for Travellers to passe on their lawfull occasions to the great dishonour of the Law's of this Realme and the Government thereof For remedy whereof be it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three all and every person and persons who shall apprehend and take One or more such Thieves or Robbers and prosecute him or them so apprehended and taken until he or they be convicted of any Robbery committed in or upon any Highway Passage Field or open place shall have and receive from the Sheriff or Sherifff of the County where such Robbery and Conviction shall be made and done without paying any Fee for the same for every such Offender so convicted the sum of Forty pounds within one month after such Conviction and Demand thereof made by tendring a Certificate to the [said1] Sheriff or Sherifff under the Hand or Hands of the Judge or Justices before whom [such1] Felon or Felons shall be convicted certifying the Conviction of such Felon or Felons for a Robbery done within the County of the said Sheriff* or Sherifff and alsoe that such Felon or Felons was or were taken by the person or persons claiineing the said Reward And in case any Dispute shall happen to arise between the persons so apprehending any the said Thieves and Robbers touching their right and title to the said Reward that then the said Judge or Justices so respectively certifying as aforesaid shall in and by their said Certificate direct and appoint the said Reward to be paid unto and amongst the Parties claiineing the same in such share and proportions as to the said Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable And if it shall happen any such Sheriff or Sherifff shall dye or be removed before the expiration of one month after such Conviction and Demand made of the said Reward (not being paid as aforesaid) that then the next succeeding Sheriff or Sherifff of the said Comity shall pay-tile same within one month after Demand and Certificate brought as aforesaid And if default of payment of the said sum or sums of money shall happen to be made by any Sheriff or Sherifff such Sheriff or Sherifff so makeing default shall forfeit to the person and persons to whom such money is due as aforesaid double the sum or sums of money he ought to have paid to be recovered by him or them or his or their Executors or Administrators in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein but one Imparlance and no Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed with treble costs of Suit by him or them expended in the recovery of the same.

And be it further enacted That in case any person or persons shall happen to be killed by any such Robber or Robbers endeavouring to apprehend or in makeing pursuit after him or them that then the Executors or Administrators or such person or persons to whom the right of administration of the personal Estate of each person so killed shall belong (upon Certificate delivered under the Hands and Seals of the Judge or Justices of Assize for the County where the fa& was done or the two next Justices of the Peace of such person or persons being so killed which Certificate the said Judge or Justices upon sufficient proof before them made are immediately required to give without fee or reward) shall receive [the*] sum of Forty pounds from the Sheriff or Sherifff of the County where the said fa£k was done and comitted and upon failure of payment thereof by the said Sheriff or Sherifff double the said sum sum of Forty pounds to be recovered against him or them with treble costs of Suite in manner and forme as aforesaid.

And it is hereby further enacted That all Sherifff their Executors or Administrators upon produceing such respective Certificates and the Receiptf for the money by them paid in pursuance of this Act shall be allowed and are hereby impowered to deduct upon their accounting with Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors all moneys (other then the double sum and sums of money and costs of Suit) which they shall disburse as aforesaid without any fee or reward whatsoever. Provided always That if upon the accompt of any Sheriff or Sherifff there shall not be moneys sufficient in the hands of such Sheriff or Sherifff to reimburse him or them such moneys paid by him or them by virtue of this AcI that then the Sheriff or Sherifff having so paid the said moneys shall have the same repaid by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of Their Majesties Treasury for the time being out of the Revenue of the Crowne upon Certificate from the Clerk of the Pipe to that effect

A.D. 1692.

391

4° Gul. & Mae. c.8, 9.

And it is hereby further enacted That all and every person or persons who shall so rake apprehend prosecute or convict such Robber or Robbers as aforesaid as a further reward shall have and enjoy to his and their proper use and behoof the Horse Furniture and Arms Money or other Goods of the said Robber or Robbers that shall be taken with him or them any Their Majesties Right or Title Bodies Politick or Corporate or the Right or Title thereunto of the Lord of any Mannor Liberty or Franchise or of him or them lending or letting the same to hire to any such Robber or Robbers in any wise notwithstanding Provided always That this Clause or any thing therein contained shall not be construed to extend to take away the right of any person or persons to such Horses Furniture and Arms Money or other Goods from whom the same were before feloniously taken.

And be it further enacted That if any person or persons being out of Prison shall from and after the (') Five and twentieth day of March committ any Robbery and afterwards discover Two or more person or persons [who1] already hath or hereafter shall committ any Robbery so as two or more of the person or persons discovered shall be convicted of such Robbery any such discoverer shall himselfe have and is hereby entituled to the gracious pardon of Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors for all Robberies which he or they shall [havel] committed att any time or times before such discovery made Which pardon shall be likewise a good bar to any Appeal brought for any such Robbery.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for reviving two former Adf of Parliament for the repaireing the Highways in the County of

Hertford

WHEREAS there was an Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth yeare of the Reigne of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second entituled An Act for repairing the Highways within the Counties of Hertford Cambridge and Huntingdon to be in force for the space of Eleven years from the commencement thereof And

whereas there was afterwards one other Act of Parliament made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth years of the Reigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for continuance of a former Act for repairing the Highways within the County of Hertford both which said Adf are some years past expired and the Highways within the said County of Hertford intended by the said Adf to be repaired are since (by great Burthens and Carriages used to passe through the same) become dangerous and impassable To the end therefore that the said Highways within the County of Hertford being the great Roads to the North parts of this Kingdom may be sufficiently repaired and amended by the provisions mentioned in the said Adf the same being not to be done by the ordinary course of the Laws and Statutes of this Realme May it please Your Majesties that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled That the Toll mentioned in the said Adf to be taken att Wades Mill for the County of Hertford be revived sett upp and taken again in the manner by the said Adf mentioned to continue for the space of Fifteene years from the passing of this Act and that the moneys thereby ariseing be imployed for the repaire of the said Highways within the said County of Hertford according to the tenor of the said Adf

Provided always That if the said Highways before the expiration of the said terme of Fifteen yeares be in good and sufficient repair and an adjudication thereof be made at the Assize or General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County (as is provided by the said Statutes of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth years of King Charles the Second) the Toll shall from thenceforth cease and determine as in the said Act is directed and appointed

And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid and the several Officers and persons impowrered in and by the said Adf to the purposes therein mentioned so far as may any ways concern or relate to the said County of Hertford shall from henceforth have the like powers and authorities by virtue of this present Act as they and every of them had by virtue of the said former Adf and that all Clauses Provisions Penalties Forfeitures and Exceptions whatsoever therein mentioned concerning the collecting paying ingageing or accounting for the said Toll att Wades Mill be from henceforth by virtue of this Act renewed and putt in execution again dureing the continuance of this present Act as if they were herein particularly expressed and repeated

IV.

Highwayman's Horse given to the Apprchender.

Proviso for Right of Persons robbed to Horse, &c.

V.

Persons concerned discovering Two others, in what Case pardoned.

Pardon a Bar to Appeal.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 4.

15 Car. II. c. 1.

16& 17 Car. II.

c. 10. recited.

Toll at Wades Mill revived for 15 Years.

H.

How Toll may*

cease.

III.

Proviso for Officers collecting as formerly.

1 said 0

« interlined on the Roll.

4° Gu l. & Mar. c.10,11.

A.D. 1692.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. «"• 5*

I3&,4(i4)Car.II. c. 13. recited.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Importing Foreign Hair Buttons';

Penalty.

H.

Power of Seizure to Justices of Peace.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 6.

Commissioners appointed to take the Public Accounts, and all Accounts to be taken under

2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 11.

the said Act revived and continued till

April 25, 1694.

Treasury to issue Allowances as by the said Act.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for prohibiting the importation of all Forreigne Haire Buttons

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fourteenth yeare of the Reigne of His late Majesty King Charles the Second enrituled An Act prohibiting the importation of Foreigne Bone Lace Cutwork Imbroidery Fringe Band string? Buttons and Needle Work amongst other thing? in the said Act mentioned all Foreigne Buttons made of Thread or Silk are prohibited to be imported or sold in the Kingdom of England or Dominion of Wales And whereas since the makeing of the said Act Hair Buttons are chiefly used and worn and the Button Makers of England do make better Haire Buttons then any are imported from Forreigne part? and are able to supply this Kingdom with greater Quantities of them [then1] they can make use of yet because Buttons made of Haire are not expressly mentioned in the said Act (although they were thereby intended to be prohibited) many persons who are Enemies to the Manufactures of this Kingdom taking advantage of the said omission do daily import such great [Quantities'] of Hair Buttons that the Button Trade of England is very much decayed and many thousand? of poor people that were formerly kept att work in the said Trade are like to perish for want of imployment and all the other mischief? mentioned in the said Act which relate to the Button Trade and were thereby intended to bee remedied are become as great as they were at the time of the makeing of the said Act For redress whereof and the more effectual prevention of the like mischief? for the future Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the ail vice and consent of the Lords Spiritual or Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the Five and twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and three no Forreigne Buttons made or to be made of Hair, nor any other Forreigne Buttons whatsoever shall be imported brought in sent or conveyed into the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Port or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed or bartered sold exchanged or offered to be bartered sold or exchanged upon pain of forfeiting all the said Buttons so imported brought in bartered sold or exchanged or offered to be bartered sold or exchanged and upon such further and other Pains Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned contained and expressed in the said recited Act one moiety of all which Forfeitures to be to the use of our Sovereigne Lord and Lady the King and Queen Their Heires and Successors and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons that shall sue for the same in any of Their Majesties Court? of Record by Bill Plaint Action of Debt Information or otherwise wherein no Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the preventing the importing bartering selling vending or exposing to sale any Forreign Buttons whatsoever the Justices of the Peace within the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Port or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed within their several and respective Counties Cities and Towns Corporate have the same Authority and Power and the same Authority and Power is hereby given unto the said Justices to issue forth their Warrant? to seize or cause to be seized all Forreign Buttons whatsoever as by the said Act is given unto them for the seizing of Forreigne Buttons made of thread or silk and other the manufactures in the said Act mentioned

CHAPTER XI.

An Act for examineing takeing and stateing the publick Accompt? of this Kingdom

FOR the better takeing stateing and examineing of the publick Accompt? of the Nation and that Their Majesties good Subject? may be the better encouraged more readily and chearfully to sustaine the great burthens upon them for the prosecution of the War against France and the support and maintenance of Their Majesties Government Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Sir Peter Collitton Barronett Sir Samuel Barnardiston Barronett Sir Benjamine Newland Knight Sir Matthew Andrews Knight Paul Foley Esqs and Robert Harley Esq, or any Four or more of them shall be and are hereby constituted Commissioners for takeing of the Accompt of all Moneys of the publick Revenue of the Crowne and all other Accompt? which were by one Act of Parliament made in the Second yeare of Theire Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine take and state the publick Accompt? of [this1] Kingdom to be taken examined or stated by the Commissioners thereby constituted or any Five or more of them by virtue of the said Act and that the said Act be and is hereby revived continued and in force from the Foure and twentieth day of April next ensuing to the Five and twentieth day of April which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety four and shall be executed with all the Powers therein contained by the Commissioners herein named or any Four or more of them And that the Lord? Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer of England for the time being shall and are hereby authorized and required to issue and pay or cause to be issued and paid the like yearely allowances for payment of Clerk? and other Charges as is in the said Act directed and the like Quarterly Payment? to the Comissioners hereby constituted as in the said Act is appointed to be paid to the Comissioners therein named And the said Comissioners by this

* interlined on the Roll.

* the O.

A.D. 1692.

393

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 11—13.

Ad constituted as aforesaid or any Foure or more of them shall and have hereby Power to take an Accompt or Accomptf of all Moneys granted to Their Majesties by any Ad or Adf of Parliament made in the Third Session of this present Parliament begun and held att Westminster on the Two and twentieth day of October One thousand six hundred ninety one or att any other day or time in that yeare and of all moneys that have been or shall be granted to Their Majesties in this present Session of Parliament and of all other Their Majesties Revenue or other publick Moneys due or payable to Their Majesties att any time between the Fifth day of November One thousand six hundred eighty (1) eight and the said Five and twentieth day of April which shall be in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety foure not yet accompted for by virtue or in pursuance of the said first recited Act or the last Clause touching publick Accomptf made and enacted in one Act passed in the Third year of Their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for raiseing Money by a Poll [payable1] quarterly for One year for the carrying on a vigorous War against France

Power to Commissioners to take Account of Monies as herein directed.

3 W. Sc M. c.6.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act to make Parishioners of the Church united Contributors to the Repairs and Ornamentf of the Church to Rot.Parl.pt. 3.

whome the Union is made

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Seventeenth year of the Reign of King Charles the Second of blessed Memory provision was made for the uniting Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate And forasmuch as it is highly reasonable that Parishioners of Parishes whose Churches are demolised and either before or [afterward 3] united to other Churches should be Contributors towards the Repairs and other Parochial Charges of such other Church to which by virtue of the said Act they are united. Therefore be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Cdmons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That where any Churches heretofore have been or hereafter shall bee united by virtue of the said Act and one of the said Churches so united was att the time of such Union or shall afterwards be demolished that in all such cases as often as the Church which was or shall be made the Church Presentative and to which the Union was or shall be made, shall be out of Repair or there shall be need of decent Ornamentf for the performance of Divine Service therein that the Parishioners of the Parish whose Church shall then be down or deinolisht shall bear and pay towards the charges of such Repairs and decent Ornamentf such share and proportion as the Archbishop or Bishop that shall make such Union shall by the same Union direct and appoint and for want of such Direction and Appointment then one third part of such charges of the Repairs and decent Ornamentf which shall be made or provided And the same shall be rated taxed and levied and in default thereof such Processe and Proceedingf shall be had and made against him or them as if it were for the Reparation and finding decent Ornamentf for their owne Parish Church if no such Union had been made Any Law Custom Usage or Opinion to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding.

17 Car. II. c. 3. recited.

If Two Churches be united, and one of them demolished, the Parishioners of that Church shall pay toward the Repairs of the other.

Process.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert Therr Majesties Service and for punishing

False Musters and for the payment of Quarters

Rot. Parl. pi. 3.

nu. 8.

WHEREAS the raiseing or keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdom in time of Peace unlesse it be with consent of Parliament is against Law' And whereas it is judged necessary for their Majesties and this present Parliament that dureing this time of War several of the Forces which are now on foot should be continued and others raised for the safety of this Kingdom for the common defence of the Protestant Religion and for the carrying on the War against France And whereas no man may be forejudged of Life or Limb or

subjected to any kind of Punishment by Martial Law or in any other manner then by the Judgment of his Peers

and according to the known and established Laws of this Realme yet neverthelesse it being requisite for the retaining such Forces as are or shall be raised dureing this exigence of Affairs in their Duty that an exact Discipline be observed and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stirr upp Sedition or shall desert Their Majesties Service bee brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment then the usuall Forms of the Law will allow Bee it therefore enabled by the King and Queens most excellont Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of

the same That from and after the Tenth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred

ninety two every Person being in Their Majesties Service in the Army and being mustered and in pay as an Officer or Soldier who shall at any time before the First day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three excite cause or joyne in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Army or shall desert Their Majesties Service in the Army shall suffer Death or such other punishment as by a Court Martial shall be inflicted or being a Soldier actually listed in any Regiment Troop or Company shall list himselfe into any other Regiment

Reasons for passing this Act.

Soldier mutinying or deserting. Sec.

Punishment.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

A.D. 1692.

n.

Their Majesties or General of the Army may grant Commissioni to call a Court-martial.

III. Number, &c. of the Court.

IV.

Field Officer, by whom tried.

Court may give an Oath.

V.

Proviso for Process.

VL

Proviso for Militia.

vn.

Contiuuanceof Act.

vin.

How the Trial shall be in Capital Cases.

Oath by Officers.

Number of Officers to concur in Sentence.

Hours of Trial.

IX.

Making false Certificate to excuse Soldiers* Absence from Muster ; Penalty.

X.

Making false Musters, or allowing Muster Roll thereof;

Penalty.

XI.

Commissary, &c. to give Notice of Muster, to Mayor who is to be present;

Penalty.

No Muster Roll allowed not signed by Mayor.

XII.

Person offering to be falsely mustered.

Troop or Company without a discharge produced in writeing from the Captain or the Officer commanding the Troop or Company in which he last served as a listed Souidier shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be inflicted

And it is hereby further enabled and declared That Their Majesties or the General of their Army for the time being may by virtue of this Act have full power and authority to grant Commissions to any Lievtenant General or other Officers (not under the degree of a Field Officer or Commander in Chief of a Garrison) from time to time to call and assemble Court Marshallf for punishing such offences as aforesaid.

And it is hereby further enabled and declared That no Court Martial which shall have power to inflict any punishment by virtue of this Act for the offences aforesaid shall consist of fewer then Thirteen whereof none to be under the degree of a Commission Officer And the President of such Court Martial not to be under the degree of a Field Officer or the then Comander in Chief of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried.

Provided always That no Field Officer shall be tried by any Officer under the degree of a Captain and that such Court Martial shall have Power and Authority to administer an Oath to any Witnesse in order to the Examination or Tryal of the Offences aforesaid.

Provided always That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or bee construed to exempt any Officer or Soldier whatsoever from the ordinary processe of Law

Provid[ed'] always That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be any ways construed to extend to concern any the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Provided alsoe That this Act shall continue and be in force until the First day of March in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three and no longer

Provided always and bee it enacted That in all Tryals of Offenders by Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Act where the Offence may be punished by Death every Officer present att such Tryal before any Proceeding be had thereupon shall take an Oath upon the F.vangelistf before the Court and the next Justice of Peace Judge Advocate or his Deputy or one of them are hereby authorized to administer the same in these Words (that is to say) You shall well and truely try and determine according to your Evidence the Matter now before you between our Sovereigne Lord and Lady the King and Queens Ma [ties'] and the Prisoner to be tryed So help you God And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such case by any Court Martial unlesse Nine of Thirteen Officers present shall concur therein And if there be (*) greater number of Officers present then the Judgment shall passe by the concurrence of the greater part of them so sworne which major part shall not be lesse than Nine and not otherwise. And no Proceedingf Tryal or Sentence of Death shall bee had or given against any Offender but between the hours of eight in the Morning and one in the Afternoon.

And for the preventing of fraud and deceipt in mustering of Soldiers Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Person shall make or give or procure to be made or given any false or untrue Certificate whereby to excuse any Soldiers for their absence from any Muster or other Service which they ought to attend or performe upon a Pretence of Sicknesse or other Cause that then every such Person so makeing giveing or procureing such Certificate shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty pounds and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Imployinent within this Kingdom or in Their Majesties Service

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse and every Commissary Muster Master and other Officer that shall allow or signe the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained or any Duplicate thereof upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a Court Martial to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath) shall for such their Offence be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such their Office and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Imployment within this Kingdom or in Their Majesties Service and shall likewise forfeit the sum of One hundred Pounds

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Commissary or Muster Master upon any

Muster to- be made had or taken by him or them shall by a convenient time before such Muster made give

notice to the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate or Officer of the place where the Soldiers so to be mustered shall be quartered who are hereby required to be present att every such Muster and give his utmost assistance for the discovering any false or untrue Muster there made or offered to be made And that every such Commissary or Muster Master makeing or takeing such Muster that shall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid or shall refuse to take the aid and assistance of such Mayor Chief Magistrate or Officer where the Soldiers so to be mustered shall be quartered shall forfeit the sum of Fifty Pounds and be discharged from his Office And no Muster Roll shall be allowed unless the same be signed by such Mayor or other Chief Magistrate or Officer respectively

And alsoe be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Person shall be falsly mustered or

offer himselfe falsly and deceitfully to be mustered every such Person upon proof thereof made upon Oath by

Two Witnesses before the next Justice of the Peace of the County where such Muster shall be made and every

‘ interlined on the Roll.

* a O.

395

4° Gul. &Mar. c. 13.

such Person so falsly mustered or offering to be falsly mustered upon Certificate thereof in Writing under the Hand of the Commissary of the Musters or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid made to such Justice of the Peace the said Justice is thereupon and is hereby authorized and required to committ such Offender to the House of Correction there to remaine for the space of Ten days and to have his Ear cut off by the Goalcr or Keeper of such House of Correction And if any Person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnish a Horse to be mustered which shall not truly belong to the Trooper or Troop so mustered the said Horse so falsly mustered shall be forfeited to the Informer if the same doth belong to the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse or otherwise the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse shall forfeit the sum of Twenty pounds upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before the next Justice of the Peace.

And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Forfeiture shall be to such Person or Persons that shall informe immediately to be paid out of the arrears of such Officers Pay as shall knowingly so

offend upon conviction before the Court Martial by Order of the said Court to the Pay-master if such Officer

so offending shall have any Arrear and if there shall be no arrear the Court Martial shall iiiiediately give order

to seize the Good? of such Officer so offending and sell them for payment of such forfeiture to the Informer

rendring the Overplus to the Owner And if such Officer so offending shall have no Good? that then he shall be sent to the Comon Goal there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the space of Six months And the said Court Martial is hereby obliged to discharge such Informer if a Soldier from any further Service if he shall demand the same

And be it further enacted That if any Pay-master Agent or Clerk of any Regiment Troop or Company shall wilfully detain or with-hold by the space of One month the Pay of any Officer or Soldier (Cloaths and all other just Allowances being deduced) after such Pay shall be by him or them received or if any Officers having received their Soldiers Pay shall refuse to pay each respective comon Soldier their respective Pay when it shall become due att the rate of Seventeen shilling? and six pence a week for each Corporal of Light Horse Fourteen shilling? a week for each Trumpeter and private Trooper Eight shilling? and two pence a week for each Dragoon Seven shilling? a week to each Serjeant Five shilling? a week to each Corporal and Drummer and Four shilling? a week to each private Soldier of Their Majesties two Regiments of Foot Guard? and Six shilling? a week to each Serjeant Foure shilling? and six pence a week to each Corporal and Drummer and Three shilling? a week for each Foot Soldier of the Army And alsoe over and above the said Three shilling? by the week att the end of every Two months shall account for six pence by the week to each Foot Soldier of the said Army the said six pence per week being the remainder of the Subsistence of each Foot Soldier That upon proof thereof before a Court Martial as aforesaid every such Pay-master Agent Clerk and Officer so offending shall be discharged from his imployment and shall forfeit to the Informer upon conviction before the said Court Martial One hundred pound? to be raised as aforesaid and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Imployment within this Kingdom or in Their Majesties Service And the Informer if a Soldier if he demand it shall be and is hereby discharged of any further Service Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is hereby enacted and declared That the Comanding Officer of every Troop or Company att the time of Muster shall bring in a Certificate signed of the Names of such persons as are sick or have leave to be absent upon Furlows and of such persons as are dead and deserted since the last Muster with the [day1] of their deaths or desertions And if such Certificate shall prove false upon conviction thereof before a Court Martial the Officer signeing such Certificate shall suffer such penalties and in such manner as is declared and inflicted by this Act upon those that make false Musters

And it is hereby further enacted That if any Officer shall muster any Person that is a Servant or receives Wages from any Officer or that shall attend any Officer as a Servant in the absence of the said Officer from his Quarters or shall muster any Person by a wrong Name knowingly upon conviction thereof before a Court Martial the said Officer or Commissary shall suffer such Penalties and in such manner as is inflicted and declared by this Act upon those that shall make false Musters.

And whereas by the Petition of Right in the Third yeare of King Charles the First it is enacted and declared

That the People of this Land are not by the Laws to be burthen'd with the sojourning of Soldiers against their

Wills And by a Clause in one Act of Parliament made in the One and thirtieth yeare of the Rcigne of King Charles the Second for granting a Supply to His Majestie of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty two pound? seventeen shilling? and three pence for paying and disbanding the Forces it is declared and enacted That no Officer Military or Civil nor any other Person whatsoever shall from thenceforth presume to place quarter

or billet any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm of any degree quality or profession

whatsoever without his consent and that it shall and may be lawfull for any such Subject [Sojourner*] and Inhabitant to refuse to quarter auy Soldier or Soldiers notwithstanding any Comand Order Warrant or Billetting whatsoever. But forasmuch as att this present time there is a War against France whereby there is occasion for the marching of many Regiment? Troops and Companys in several part? of this Kingdom toward? the Sea cost? and otherwise Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for and dureing the continuance of this Act and no longer it shall and may be lawfull for the Constables Tythingmen 1 Ieadboroughs and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities Townes and Villages and other Places in the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales

Certificate.

Commited to House of Correction. Lending Horses to Muster not belonging to Troop

Penalty £io.

XIII.

Penalties how paid and distributed.

Goods in what case seized.

Soldier informing may be dismissed.

XIV. Paymaster, Agent, See. detaining Pay or Allowance.

Officer refusing to pay Soldier.

The several Rates.

Penalty .^loo and Punishment.

Soldier imforming may be dismissed.

XV.

Commander to bring at Muster Certificate of Absentees.

Signing false Certificates; Punishment.

XVI. Officer mustering Servants, &c.

Punishment.

xvir.

Petition of Right by 3 Car.I. recited. 31 Car.II. c. i. recited.

Convtablcs, See. may during the War quarter Otficers and Soldiers upon Inns, S. c.

‘ dayes O.

- O. omits.

396

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

A. I). 1692.

Not to be more Billets than Soldiers.

Billetting in private Houses without Consent of Owner;

Military Officer threatening Constable, &c.

Punishment.

xvm.

Justices in Sessions to assess the Rates of Quarters.

XIX.

Officer taking Money for excusing Persons quartering; Punishment.

XX. Paymaster, Secretary of War, &c. not to take Fees, or dedu£t from Pay. Exception.

XXI.

Act to be read at Muster.

XXII.

Officers receiving Subsistence Monty to give Notice thereof to innkeepers. Sec.

Innkeepers to inform Officers of Accounts, &c. to be paid out of Subsistence Money. The Rates.

i

Remedy against Officer not paying.

and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed and for no others to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in their Majesties Service in Inns Liverie Stables Alehouses Victualling houses and all Houses selling Brandy Strong Waters Cyder or Metheglin by Retail to be drunk in their Houses and no other and in no private Houses whatsoever nor shall any more Billetf att any time be ordered then there are effective Soldiers present to be quartered And

if any Constable Tythingman or such like Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid shall presume (') or billet any such

Officer or Soldier in any private House without the consent of the Owner or Occupier in such case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their remedy att Law against such Magistrate or Officer for the damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise then is limitted and allowed by this Act or shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to or upon

any Mayors Constables or other Civil Officers before mentioned tending to deter or discourage any of them from

performing any part of their Duty hereby required or appointed such Military Officers shall for every such Offence being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace next adjoyning by the Oath of two credible Witnesses and the said Justices Certificate thereof to the Judge Advocate who is hereby obliged to certifie the same to the next Court Martial upon such Certificate be deemed and taken to be ipso fado cashiered and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom or in Their Majesties Service.

Provided neverthelesse and it is hereby enacted That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and billeted as

aforesaid shall pay such reasonable Prices as shall be appointed from time to time by the Justices of the Peace

in their Quarter Sessions of each County City or Division or place within their respective Jurisdidions And the

Justices of the Peace aforesaid are hereby empowred and required to sett and appoint in their Quarter Sessions

aforesaid such reasonable Rates for all necessary Provisions for such Officers end Soldiers for one or more Nights in their marching through their Cities Townes Villages and other places and for the first night only in such places as shall be appointed for their residence and quarters.

Provided always and be it enacted That if any Officer shall take or cause to be taken or knowingly suffer to be taken any money of any person for excuseing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers or any of them in any House allowed by this Act every such Officer shall be cashiered and made incapable of [service1] in any Military Employment whatsoever.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the Tenth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two no Pay-master of the Army Secretary of War Comissary or Muster master or their under Officers shall receive any Fees or make any dedudions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in their Majesties Army or from their Agents which shall grow due from and after the Tenth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two other then the usuall dedudions for Cloathing and the Twelve pence in the pound to be disposed as their Majesties shall think fitt and the one days pay in the year for the use of the Royal Hospital att Chelsey.

And be it further enacted That this Act shall be read att the head of every' respective Regiment Troop or Company att every respective muster by the Commissary or Muster master before such muster shall be made that no Soldier may pretend ignorance.

And that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duely paid and satisfied and their Majesties [Duty1] of Excise [the4] better answered Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the Tenth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety two every Officer or Officers to whom it belong f to receive or that does actually receive the Pay or Subsistence money either for a whole Regiment or particular Troops or Companies or otherwise shall immediately upon each receipt of every particular Sume which shall from time to time be paid returned or come to his or their hands on account of Pay or Subsistence give publick notice thereof to all persons keeping Inns or other places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act and shall alsoe appoint the said Inn keepers and others to repair to their quarters att such times as they shall appoint for the distribution and payment of the said Pay or Subsistence money to the Officers and Soldiers which shall be within Foure days att furthest .after the receipt of the same as aforesaid And the said Innkeepers and others shall then and there accquaint such Officer or Officers with the accomptf or debts (if any shall be) between them and the Officers and Soldiers so quartered in their respective Houses which Accompt(J the said Officer or Officers are hereby required to accept of and immediately pay the same before any part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed either to the Officers or Soldiers. Provided the said Accomptf exceed not for a Commission Officer of Horse being under the degree of a Captain for such Officers Diet and Small Beer and Hay and Straw' for his Horse per diem Two shillings Nor for one Commission Officer of Dragoons being under the degree of a Captaine for such Officers Diet and Small Beer and Hay and Straw for his Horse per diem One shilling six pence Nor for one Commission Officer of Foot under the degree of a Captain for such Officers Diet and Small Beer per diem One shilling and if such Officer shall have Horse or Horses for each such Horse or Horses per diem Six pence Nor for one Light Horsemans Diet and Small Beer and Hay and Straw for his Horse per diem One shilling Nor for one Dragoons Diet and Small Beer and Hay and Straw for his Horse per diem Nine pence Nor for one Foot Soldiers Diet and Small Beer per diem Foure pence And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not give notice as aforesaid and shall not immediately upon the produceing

1 to quarter 0.

; serving O.

3 duties 0.

* be, in King's Printer's Copy.

397

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

such Accompts stated satisfie content and pay the same upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any two

credible Witnesses att the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters were (which Oath

the Justices of Peace att such Sessions are hereby required and authorized to administer) the Pay-master or Pay-masters of Their Majesties Forces are hereby required and authorized upon Certificate of the said Justices (before whom such Oath was made of the sums due upon such Accomptf and the Persons to whom the same is oweing to satisfie and pay the said sums out of the Arears due to the said Officer or Officers upon Penalty that such Pay-master or Pay-masters shall forfeit and lose their respective place or places as Pay-master or Paymasters and be disabled from holding the same for the future And in case there shall be no Arrear due to the said Officer or Officers then the said Pay-master or Pay-masters are hereby required and authorized to deduct the sums he or they shall pay pursuant to the Certificate of the said Justices out of the next Pay or Subsistence money of the Regiment to which such Officer or Officers shall belong and such Officer or Officers shall for such their Offence or for neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such Pay or Subsistence money as aforesaid be deemed and taken and are hereby declared [to be1]] ipso fatto cashiered And where it shall happen that the Subsistence due to any Officer or Soldier shall by reason of any Accident not be paid to such Officer or Soldier or such Officer or Soldier shall neglect to pay the same

so that the Quarters cannot be or are not paid as this Act directf And where any Horse Foot or Dragoons

shall be upon there march so that no Subsistence can att present be remitted unto them to make payment as this Att direttf or they shall neglect to pay the same in every such case it is hereby further enacted That every such Officer shall before his or their departure out of his or their Quarters where such Regiment Troop or Company shall remain for any time whatsoever make upp the Accompt as this Att direttf with every Person with whom such Regiment Troop or Company hath quartered before he leave that Quarter and give the said Certificate by him signed to the Party to whom such money is due with the name of such Regiment Troop or Company to which he or they shall belong to the end the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the Pay-master or Pay-masters of His Majesties Army who is or are hereby required imediately to make payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such money shall be due to the end the same may be applied to such Regiment Troop or Company respectively under pain as is before in this Att diretted for Non-payment of Quarters.

Where they have no Subsistence Money, &c. the Officer to sign the Account, and the Paymaster of the Army to pay it.

Penalty.

And be it further enacted That no Commissary shall muster any Forces within the City of Westminster and Borough of Southwark and Liberties thereof but in the presence of Two Justices of the Peace not being Officers in the Army under the forementioned Penalty.

XXIII. Musters in Westminster, &c. made before Two Justices.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this Att shall be construed to extend to the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey as to the Clauses therein for Mustering and Paying and the Penalties thereunto belonging.

XXIV. Jersey, &c. within the A&.

Provided always and be it [further *] enatted That all Cloaths Arms and Accoutrement? of War belonging to the Horse Foot and Dragoons in Their Majesties Pay and Service who receive English Pay shall be bought in the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed and not elsewhere And every Officer or Person who shall offend herein (upon Proof made in that behalf) shall be cashiered.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Commissary General of the Musters or his Deputies shall upon every Muster taken by him or them respectively of any Regiment Troop or Company in Their Majesties Service close the Muster Rolls of the said Regiment Troop or Company upon the place the same day the said Muster is taken and shall return one of every the said Roll(J so taken in Parchment to the Pay-master General of Their Majesties Forces the next day after the said Roll? shall be respectively closed if in London or within Twenty Miles distance [ofJ] the same and if [a4] further distance by the next Post after the said Rolls shall be so respectively closed upon pain of forfeiting their respective Employment?.

And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid for the better and more regular provision of Carriages for their Majesties Forces in their marches in this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed That ail Justices of the Peace within their several Counties Riding? Divisions and Liberties being duely required thereunto by an Order from his or her Majesty shall as often as such Order is brought and shewn

unto one or more of them (by the Quarter-master Agent or other Officer of the Regiment Detachment Troop

or Company then marching) issue out his or their Warrant? to the Constables or Petty Constables of the Division Riding Liberty or Hundred? next adjacent requiring them to make such provision of Carriages as is mentioned in the said Warrant allowing them sufficient time to do the same that the neighbouring part? may not always bear the burthen And the aforesaid Officer or Officers who by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justice of the Peace do demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable to whom the Warrant is diretted is and are hereby required att the same time to pay down in hand to the said Constable the sum of Eight pence for every mile any Wagon with five Horses shall travel loaden and the (*) sum of Eight pence for

every mile any Waine with six Oxen or four Oxen and two Horses shall travel loaden and the sum of Six pence

for every mile any Cart with foure Horses shall travel loaden and so in proportion for lesser Carriages And if any Military Officer or Officers for the use of whose Troop or Company the Carriage was provided shall force and constraine any Wagon Waine Cart or Carriage to travel more then one days journey or shall not discharge the same in due time for their retume home or shall suffer or connive att his or their Soldiers or Servant? (except such who are sick or wounded) or any Women to ride in the Wagon Waine Cart? or Carriage aforesaid or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable by threatning and menacing word? to provide Saddle Horses for

1 0. omits. « O. omits. 3 from O. « at 0. 5 Bke O.

XXV. Clothes, &c. to be bought in England.

Penalty.

XXVI.

Muster Master to return a Roll of Muster to Paymaster General.

XXVII. Justices may order Constables to provide Carriages.

Rates of Carriages to be paid down.

Officer forcing Carriage to travel too far

or suffering Soldiers, &c. to ride

or forcing Persons to provide;

5 I

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 13.

A.D. 1692.

Penalty £$.

XXVIII. Officers quartering Wives, See.

If Officer or Soldier, cashiered.

If Constable, &c. Penalty 20s.

XXIX. Officer or Soldier destroying the Game.

Penalty on Officer,

and on Commanding Officer for every Soldier ios.

Penalties not paid. Punishment.

themselves or Servantf or shall force Horses from the Owners by themselves Servant? or Soldiers shall for every such offence forfeit the Sum of Five pound? proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of their Majesties Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding who are to certifie the same to the Pay-master General of Their Majesties Forces who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of Five pound? according to the Order and appointment under the Hand? and Seales of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace who is hereby impowered to deduCl the same out of such Officers Pay.

And whereas great abuses are frequently comited by the liberty taken by some Officers and Soldiers to quarter their Wives Children and made Servant? in their Quarters contrary to the purport and meaning of this Act Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Officer Military or Civil by this Act authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houses hereby appointed for that purpose shall att any time dureing the continuance of this A ft quarter any of the Wives Children or Maid Servant? of Officer or Soldier in any such Houses against the consent of the Owners the party offending if (') Officer or Soldier of the Army shall upon complaint and proof thereof made to the Commander in Chief of the Army or Judge Advocate be ipso faClo cashiered and if a Constable Tythingman or other Civil Officer he shall forfeit to the party grieved the Sum of Twenty shilling? upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next Justice of Peace of the place to be levied by Warrant of such Justice by distresse and sale of his Good? rendring the overplus to the party after deduction of reasonable Charges in takeing the same.

And forasmuch as the Game has of late years been very much destroyed by the Officers and Soldiers in or near such places as they have been quartered in Be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid That if from and after the said Tenth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two any Officer or Soldier shall without the leave of the Lord of the Mannor under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained take kill or destroy any Hare Coney Phesant Partridge Pigeon or any other sort of Fowl or Poultry or Fish or Their Majesties Game within the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed and upon complaint thereof shall be upon Oath of one or more Witnesse or Witnesses convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace who is and are hereby impowred and authorized to hear and determine the same (that is to say) every Officer so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the Sum of Five pound? to be distributed amongst the Poor of the place where such offence shall be committed And every Officer comanding in Chief upon the place for every such offence committed by any Soldier under his Command shall forfeit the Sum of Ten shilling? to be paid and distributed in like manner as aforesaid And in case [of*] Conviction made by the Justice of Peace and demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseer of the Poor such Officer shall refuse or neglect and not within Two days pay the said respective penalties such Officer so refuseing or neglecting shall and is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commission and his said Commission is hereby made null and void.

XXX.

How Accounts are to be kept betwixt Paymaster of the Army and Colonel of every Regiment, &c.

Penalty.

XXXI.

Warrant to take off Respites countersigned by the Treasury.

And be it enacted That there shall be an exact accompt of all [moneys3] due according to the Muster Rolls to every Regiment in Their Majesties Service made upon the First day of July in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three or six days after between the Pay-master General of the Army for the time being and Colonel of ever)' such Regiment or the Agent by such Colonel respectively appointed and authorized to receive the Pay thereof from the First of March in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety two to the last of Aprill One thousand six hundred ninety three both inclusive and so successively from time to time when Foure Months become due an Account shall be stated as aforesaid for the two preceeding months And after the said Account shall be so made upp and perfected it shall be registred in a Booke to be kept for that purpose in the Pay-Office and there subscr[ib 4]ed by such Pay-master General or his Deputy and the Colonel or Agent of the Regiment who together with the said Pay-master made upp the same And a Duplicate thereof by them respectively signed shall be given to the said Colonel or Agent without any Fee or Reward to be paid for the same Which Colonel or Agent shall deliver to each Captain of the Regiment an Account of so much thereof as respectively appertaineth to him and his Troop or Company and the inferior Officers and Soldiers thereof And the ballance which shall remain upon [makeing up4] every such Account as aforesaid and alsoe all other money as shall then become due to every such Regiment shall be by the said Pay-master General paid to the said Colonel or Agent respectively att such time as His or Her Majesty shall direct And the Pay-master General for the time being offending herein shall lose and forfeit for every such offence the Sum of One hundred pound? to any person or persons who will sue for the same in any of Their Majesties Court? of Record and if any Deputy of the said Pay-master or any Agent of a Regiment shall offend in the premisses upon proofe thereof made to a Court Martial such Deputy or Agent shall ipso facto loose his place And if any Colonel of a Regiment shall offend therein such Colonel shall forfeite for every such offence the sume of One hundred pounds to any person or persons who will sue for the same to be recovered as aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Warrant to take off the Respitt? from any Muster Roll? shall bee allowed by any Pay-master dureing the continuance of this Act unlesse the same be countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of Theire Majesties Treasury or Lord High Treasurer of England for the time being

1 an O.

a upon such O.

9 money O.

4 interlined on the Roll.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 14.

399

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for review of the Quarterly Poll granted to Their Majesties in the last Session of this present

Parliament

WHEREAS at the last Session of this present Parliament Their Majestyes most dutifull Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled haveing a due consideration of the extraordinary Expenses in which Their Majesties were ingaged for the necessary defence of Their Realmes and the vigorous carrying on the Warre against France did grant to Theire Majesties the severall Summes of money specifyed in an Act then made entituled An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable quarterly for One Yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warre against France to be levyed and payed in such manner as was therein expressed. And whereas by reason of severall neglects and abuses in the execution of the said Act greate parte of the summes given were not assessed levyed or answered to Theire Majesties Be it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestyes by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That all and singular the Persons who were not assessed and taxed or not fully and duely assessed and taxed as they ought to have beene by virtue of and according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited Act shall be assessed and taxed as they ought to have beene by the same Act soe as that all and every the summe and sumes of money given and granted by the said Act may be duely and fully levyed answered and payed unto Their Majestyes according to the rules and methods and true intent of the said Act.

And be it further enacted That for the more effectuall putting this Act in execution such Persons as are or shall be qualifyed to act as Commissioners for putting in execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament entituled An Act for granting to Theire Majestyes an Aid of Foure shillings in the Pound for One yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warre against France according to the true intent of that Act and noe others shall be and are hereby appointed and constituted Commissioners for the execution of this present Act within the severall and respective Counties Cityes Boroughes and Places for which they are or shall be qualifyed to be Commissioners as aforesaid and shall have and execute like Powers and Authorityes Rules and Directions for and concerning the Premisses as any Comissioners had or ought to have executed by virtue of the aforesaid Act entituled An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable quarterly for One Yeare for the carrying on a vigorous Warre against France And all and every Person and Persons who shall be lyable to or any way concerned or imployed in the assessing collecting levying receiveing or paying any of the moneys by this Act appointed to be assessed collected levyed answered or payed shall have like benefits advantages and discharges and shall be subject to like Penalties and Forfeitures in case of neglect or refuseall to pay the sums that shall be hereupon assessed or charged or to perform their respective duties as in such case any person or persons by virtue of the said former Act entituled An Act for raising money by a Poll payable quarterly for One Yeare for carrying on a vigorous War against France ought to have or be subject unto as fully and amply as if all and every the Clauses Matters and Things in the said Act contained for such purpose had been again repeated in this Act and enacted particularly.

And be it further enacted That all and every Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers of the Militia haveing any Estate or Estates of such value as ought by Law to be chargeable to find or contribute to the finding of a Horse and Horseman with Arms ought to be assessed and taxed and shall pay for such Estate or Estates although such Officers be not actually charged to the finding or contributing to find a Horse and Horseman with Arms And alsoe that all Persons who at the time of the execution of the said Act for the quarterly Poll were or formerly had been Justices of the Peace Sheriffs or Deputy Lieutenants of any Counties Rideings Divisions or Cities or who were appointed Commissioners for any County Rideing or City by the said Act being worth Three hundred Pounds and were not assessed Twenty shillings quarterly ought to be assessed and taxed and shall pay after that rate or so much as together with what they have been already assessed and payed will make up Twenty shillings quarterly And alsoe that every Clergyman being worth Three hundred Pounds or haveing in or by any Benefice or other Estate ecclesiasticall or temporall or in both to the value of Sixty pounds by the Yeare or upwards ought to be assessed and to pay after the rate of Twenty shillingC quarterly or so much as together with what he hath been already assessed and paid will make upp Twenty shillingf quarterly And that in all other things

the said before menebned Act bee fully t6 all Intentf and Purposes executed according to the true intent and

meaning thereof

And be it further enacted That the respective Commissioners shall meet together at the most usuall place of meeting on the Fourth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred ninety three and that the said sums of money shall be assessed collected levyed and paid unto the Receivers of the severall Counties and Places to be appointed by Their Majesties in that behalfe on or before the Twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety three and by them answered and paid into Their Majesties Exchequer upon or before the Twelfth day of July One thousand six hundred ninety three

And be it enacted by the Authority' aforesaid That if upon the return of the Duplicates it shall appear that

the Rates Payments or Sums of Money to be assessed collected levied and paid by virtue of this Act doe not

amount to the Sum of Three hundred thousand pounds that then at any time or times from thenceforth it shall

Hot. Pari. pt. 3.

nu. 9.

Recital of Grant of the last Session.

3 W. & M. c. 6.

Persons who were not duly assessed according to the said Act to be assessed.

II.

Commissioners under c. I. ante, to be Commissioners for this Act,

with the Powers of 3 W. & M. c. 6.

Assessors, Collectors, &c. under this Act to have the like Benefits, Discharges, See. as those under

3 W. & M. c. 6.

III.

Militia Officers having Estates chargeable to pay, though not actually charged.

Persons who at the Execution of 3 W. & M.C.6. had been Justices of Peace, Sheriffs, &c. and were not assessed to pay.

Clergymen with 0^300, or having Benefice, &c. of s£6o, to pay.

IV.

Commissioners to meet on 4th April 1693» Monies paid 24th June 1693 to Receivers, and by them into Exchequer 12th July 1603.

V.

If Monies paid under this Act do not amount to .£300,000,

400

4° Gul. & Maii. c. 14.

A.D. 1692.

Exchequer may borrow Deficiency

upon the Credit of the Exchequer in general.

VI.

Monies so borrowed with Interest at £8 per Cent, per Ann.

repaid out of next Aids.

If no Aid before 2d February 1693, then out of Treasure in the Exchequer.

VII. Recital that Receivers had refused to receive cracked Money.

Any Person refusing to take cracked Money, being the current Coin ; Penalty.

VIII.

Recital that there had been Neglect in returning Duplicates of monies charged under 3 W. oc M.

C. 6. into the Exchequer. Receivers General to prepare Duplicates to be subscribed by Commissioners, and returned with a Schedule into the Exchequer on or before the last Day of Easter Term next.

Penalty £50.

IX.

Officers of the Exchequer to take only the ancient Fees.

Barons of the Exchequer to deliver a Table of Fees.

and may be lawfull to and for Theire Majesties or Their Officers in the Receipt of Theire Majesties Exchequer by their command and appointment to borrow and take into the said receipt at interest for Theire Majesties use by way of Loan any sum or sums of money which together with the whole value or amount of all the sums of money which shall be assessed collected levied and paid by virtue of this Act shall not exceed in the whole the sum of Three hundred thousand pounds which sum or sums of money soe to be taken upp or borrowed shall and may be charged upon the credit of Their Majesties Exchequer in generall and Tallies of Loane and Orders for repayment of the same shall be levied accordingly which Orders shall be assignable and transferable from one person to another

And it is hereby enacted and declared That all and every sum and sums of money soe to be borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid together with the interest for the same not exceeding the rate of Eight pounds per Centum per Annum to be paid every Three months untill satisfaction of the principall shall be payable and bee paid or satisfied unto the respective lender or lenders of the same his her or their Executors Administrators or Assignes out of any of the next Aids or Supplies to be granted to Their Majesties in Parliament and shall be transferred and transferable thereunto as soone as any such Ayd or Supply shall be granted And in case noe such Ayd or Supply shall be granted to Their Majesties before the Second day of February One thousand six hundred ninety three then the said sum and sums of money soe to bee borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid and the interest

thereof shall be payable and be paid and satisfied to the said lender or lenders his her or their Executors

Administrators or Assignes respectively by and out of any of Their Majesties Treasure which from thenceforth shall come into be or remaine in the Receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer not being already appropriated to any particular uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament before this time made.

And whereas the Receivers of the Revenue and Aids given to Their Majesties and divers other Persons have in many places of this Kingdom refused to receive or take in payment any sort of crackd money which by Law

is and ought to passe as the current Coin of this Realme by reason of which refusall many of Theire Majesties

good Subjects are under great hardships and difficulties for want of money to pay theire Taxes and supply theire

other necessary occasions whilst the said crack'd money lies dead by them and is rendred wholly uselesse to Their

Majesties and Theire Subjects For remedy thereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That whosoever shall att any time hereafter refuse to receive or take in payment any crack'd money being the current Coin of this Kingdom shall for every such Offence forfeit the sume of Five pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Theire Majesties Courts of Record by any Person who will sue for the same together with Costs of Suite in which Suite noe Essoine Protection Priviledgs Wager of Law or more then one Imparlance shall be allowed and such Offender shall alsoe be liable unto such other Punishments as by any Law or Statute now in force may or ought to bee inflicted for such Offence

And whereas greate neglect hath beene made in not retumeing Duplicates into Theire Majestyes Exchequer of the sumes charged in many of the respective Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Parishes Wards or Places rated [or1] assessed by virtue of the Act entituled An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable quarterly for One Yeare for the carrying on a vigorous War against France Be it enacted That every Receiver Generali appointed by the said Act shall and is hereby authorized and required to prepare a Duplicate written in Parchment of the whole sume charged in every of the Parishes & Places whereof hee is Receiver Generali to be subscribed by two or more of the respective Commissioners of the Place and to retume the same into Theire Majesties Exchequer on or before the last Day of Easter terme next together with a Schedule written in Parchment as the said Act directs to bee att the same rime there returned containeing the Names Sirnames and Places of abode of every Person within theire respective collection that hath made default of payment of any of the sums rated or assessed on every such Person And every such Receiver Generali that shall not make such returnes into Their Majesties

Exchequer (except the same have beene returned pursuant to the said recited Act) shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty

Pounds to any that will sue for the same by Bill Plaint or Information in any of Theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoine Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and be thenceforth incapable of any Office or Place of Trust in Their Majesties Service.

Provided always and bee it enacted That noc Fees shall bee demanded or taken by any Officer of the Exchequer or in any Office wherein any Receiver Generali is concerned in takeing out his Commission or in passing his accounts or takeing out his Quietus for receiveing or paying any of the money granted by this Act or any other Act of this present Parliament for Aids or Supplies to Their Majesties but such anrient Fees as shall bee allowed by the Lord Cheife Baron and Barons of the Quoife of the Court of Exchequer to bee such and not otherwise And that the said Cheife Baron and Barons shall and are hereby required to deliver a Table or Schedule of the said Fees soe by them allowed to the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament att the next Session to bee holden for this or any [other1] succeeding Parliament.

* interlined on the Roll.

* next 0.

4° Gul

c. 15.

401

CHAPTER XV.

An Act for continueing certaine Aftf therein menaced and for chargeing several Joynt Stocks

"CX7"EE your Majesties most dutiful Subjects the Comons in Parliament assembled for a further supply to your v ▼ Majesties for the more effectual prosecuting the [psent'] War against France have chearfully and unanimously given and granted unto your Majesties the Impositions and Duties hereafter mentioned for and dureing the respective Terms hereafter expressed and do beseech your Majesties to accept thereof and that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the several Impositions and Duties upon Wines and Vinegar granted by an Act made in the First year of the late King James entituled An Act for granting his Majestie an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the Four and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety and three Which said Act by an Act of this present Parliament made in the Second yeare of Their Majesties Reigne w^as continued from the Three and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety three until the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety six shall be continued from the Three and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety six until the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety eight and no longer And that the said first tnenebed Act and all Powers Provisions Penalties Articles and Clauses therein contained shall continue and be of full force and effect until the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety eight and shall be applied practised and executed for the raiseing levying collecting answering and paying the said Duties hereby continued according to the tenor and intent of this present Act as fully to all intentf and purposes as if all and every the Clauses Matters and Things in the said Act contained had been again repeated in this Act and particularly enacted.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Rates Duties and Impositions for all sorts of Tobacco granted by an Act made in the First yeare of the Reigne of the late King James entituled An Act for granting to His Majestie an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported between the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety three which said Act (as for and concerning the said Duties and smpositions upon Tobacco only) by an Act of this present Parliament made in the Second yeare of Their Majesties Reign was continued from the said Three and twentieth day of June in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety three vntil the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety six shall be continued from the said Three and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety six until the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety eight and no longer And that the said Act made in the First year of the late King James for granting the said Impositions upon Tobacco and Sugar as for and concerning Tobacco only and all Powers Provisions Penalties Articles and Clauses therein contained concerning the said Rates and Duties upon all sorts of Tobacco shall continue and be of full force and effect until the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hunded and ninety eight And shall be applied practised and executed for the raiseing levying executing answering and paying the said Duties upon Tobacco hereby continued according to the tenor and intent of this present Act as fully to all intentf and purposes as if the said Act and all and every the Clauses Matters and Things therein particularly contained had been again repeated in this Act and particularly enacted for this purpose.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the several additional and other Rates Impositions Duties and Charges upon the several sorts of Goods and Merchandize granted by an Act of this present Parliament made in the Second yeare of Their Majesties Reign entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures and upon all wTought Silkf and several other Goods and Merchandize to be imported after the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety And which were thereby to have continuance untill the Tenth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety five shall be continued from the ninth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety five and shall be raised levied collected answered and paid vnto Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors vntil the Tenth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety seven And that the said Act entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures and upon all wrought Silkf and several other Goods and Merchandize to be imported after the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred and ninety and all Powders Provisions Penalties Articles and Clauses therein contained shall continue and be of full force and effect until the said Tenth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety seven and shall be applied praftised and executed for the raiseing levying collecting answering and paying the said Duties hereby continued according to the tenor and intent of this present Act as fully to all intentf and purposes as if the said last mentioned Act and all and every the Clauses Matters and Things therein contained had been again repeated in this Act and enacted particularly (except only as to such part of the said Impositions touching which other provisions or alterations are or shall be made by any other Act of this present Session of Parliament which other provisions or alterations are to be observed and to continue dureing the continuance of this present Act.

Hot. Pari. pt. 4. rut. 1.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Duties upon Wine and Vinegar by

1 Jac II c. 3. and continue*! by

2 W 5< M. Scss. 2. c. 5 continued till 24th June 1698.

II.

Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar by 1 Jac II. c. 4. and continued by 2 W. x M. Sess. 2. c. 5 continued as to Tobacco only till 24th Juno 1698.

III.

Duties upon East India Goods, See.

2 VV. Sc M. Sess. 2 c. 4. and the said Act continued till 10th Nuv. 1697.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. 6c Mar. c. 15.

HI.

Persons may lend Money to Their Majesties not exceeding .*£500,000 at /£8 perCent. per. Ann.

Provided always and it is hereby enacted That it shall and may lawfull to and for any person and persons to advance and lend unto Their Majesties as well upon the security of this A d as of the several herein before mentioned Adf from and after the several and respective sums thereupon respectively charged shall be fully satisfied and paid any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds and to have and receive for the forbearance thereof any sum not exceeding Eight pounds by the Hundred for one whole yeare and no more directly or indirectly.

IV.

Repayment of such Monies how secured. Books provided.

Tally of Loan to Lender, and Warrant for Interest.

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in course.

Monies to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for providing or making Books,

&c. or for Payment of Money lent. Penalty. Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer,

Penalty;

by Deputy, Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller, not making Payments in due Order.

Penalty.

V.

Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, in what case no undue Preference.

VI.

Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

And to the end that all moneys which shall be lent unto Their Majesties upon the creditt of this Act and of the before mentioned Aelf may be well and sufficient secured out of the moneys ariseing and payable by this Act or by any of the said before mentioned Adf from and after the several Sums charged upon the said

Adf or any of them att any time before the Fifth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two shall

be respectively answered and paid Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in Their Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receiptf one Book or Register in which all moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by vertue of this Act or any of the before mentioned Adf shall be entred and registred apart and distinCt from all moneys paid or payable to Their Majesties upon any other branch of Their Majesties Revenue or any other accompt whatsoever. And that all and every person and persons who shall lend any money to Their Majesties upon the credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same and an Order for his Repayment bearing the same date with his Tally In which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for forbearance after the rate so to be allowed for the same so as such Interest do not exceed the rate of Eight pounds per centum per annum for his consideration to be paid every three months vntil repayment of his Principal And that all Orders for repayment of money shall be registred in course according to the date of the Tally respectively without preference of one before another And that all and every person and

persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in the said Register Book so as

that the person native or foreigner his Executors Administrators and Assigns who shall have his Order or Orders first entred in the said Book of Register shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the moneys to come in by virtue of this Act or any the before mentioned Adf from and after payment of the several Sums respectively charged upon the said Adf before mentioned and he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entred shall be taken and accounted the second person to be paid and so successively and in course And that the moneys to come in by this Act or by the said former Adf shall be in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective parties their Executors Administrators or Assigns successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be diverted to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever And that no Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of Their Majesties Subjedf for providing or makeing of any such Books Registers Entries Views or Search in or for payment of money lent or the interest as aforesaid by any of Their Majesties Officer or Officers their Clerkf or Deputies upon pain of payment of treble damages to the party greived by the party offending with Costs of Suit or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his place also And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of registry or payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt or on the case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the party grieved and shall be forejudged from his place or office And if such preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action [Debt*] Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapable of his place or office And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerk of the Pellf Record or the Teller make payment according to each persons due place and order as afore directed then he or they shall be judged to forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerkf herein offending to be liable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputies or Clerkf shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein no Essoign Protection Priveledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided always and be it hereby declared That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for payment as aforesaid bear date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred then it shall be interpreted no vndue preference which of those he enters first so he enters them all the same day. Provided also That it shall not be interpreted any vndue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerk of the Pellf record and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders [of persons'] that come and demand their money and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come to demand their moneys and bring their Orders in their course so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loan being to cease from the time the money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons to whom any moneys shall be due by virtue of this Act after Order entred in the Book of Register for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assigns by indorsement of his Order may assign and transfer his Right Title Interest

' omitted in King's Printer's Copy.

A.D.\69ri.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 15.

403

and benefitt of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receiptf aforesaid and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assigns to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon And such Assignee may in like manner assign again and so toties quoties and afterward f it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignementf to make void release or discharge the same or any the moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the several Rates and Sums of money herein after mentioned shall be answered and paid to their Majesties that is to say There shall be answered to their Majesties the sum of Five pounds for every Hundred pounds of the Joint Stock of the East India Company the said Joint Stock being valued att the rate of Seven hundred forty foure thousand pounds the same to be paid by the Governour and Treasurer of the said East India Company by Foure equal quarterly paymentf the first payment to be made upon the Five and twentieth day of [May*] One thousand six hundred ninety and three and to be deduced from the several persons interested in the said Joint Stock according to their several shares and proportions therein upon their next Dividendf.

And be it further enacted That for every share in the Joint Stock of the Royal African Company according as the number of shares are now reckoned and computed there shall be answered and paid to their Majesties the sum of Twenty shillingf the same to be paid by the Governor and Treasurer of the said Royal African Company by Foure equal quarterly paymentf the First payment to bee made upon the said Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three and to be deduced according to the several shares and proportions of the Members of the said Company in the Joint Stock thereof upon their next Dividendf.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for every share in the Joint Stock of the Hudsons Bay Company according as the number of shares are now reckoned and computed there shall be answered and paid to their Majesties the sum of Five pounds the same to be paid by the Governor and Treasurer of the said Hudsons Bay Company by four equal quarterly paymentf the first payment to be made upon the said Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three and to be dedu&ed according to the several shares and

proportions of the Members of the said Company in the Joint Stock thereof upon the next Dividendf And in

case the Governors and Treasurers of the said respective Companies shall make default in payment of the said several Sums or any of them respectively charged on the Stocks of the said Companies att the days and times aforesaid according to the true intent of this Act the Charter of such Company respectively shall be and is hereby adjudged to be void.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the Sixth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety and three no person be admitted to swear to a Debenture for any Duties to be drawn back upon reexportation but he who is the true Exporter as being either interested in the propriety and hazard of the Goods on the exportation or as being employed by commission is concerned in the direction of the Voyage so as to be able to judge that the Goods are really and bona fide exported and not landed nor intended to be re-landed

in the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed.

And whereas it is found by experience that great quantities of Goods are daily imported from Foreign parts in a fraudulent and clandestine manner without paying the Customs and Duties due and payable to their Majesties and the same hath of late been much encreased and promoted by ill men who notwithstanding the Laws already made do undertake as Insurers or otherwise to deliver such Goods so clandestinely imported at their charge and hazard into the Houses Ware-houses or Possession of the Owners thereof. For the preventing so great a mischief be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every person or persons whatsoever who by way of insurance or otherwise shall undertake or agree to deliver any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever to be imported from parts beyond the Seas att any Port or Place whatsoever within this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed without paying the Customs and Duties that shall be due and payable for the same att such importation or any prohibited Goods whatsoever or in pursuance of such Insurance Undertakeing or Agreement shall deliver or cause or procure to be delivered any prohibited Goods or shall deliver or cause or procure to be delivered any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever without paying such Duties and Customs as aforesaid knowing thereof and all and every their Aiders Abettors and Assistantf shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred pounds over and above all other forfeitures and penalties to which they are liable by any Act already in force

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every person or persons whatsoever who shall agree to pay any sum or sums of money for the insureing or conveying any Goods or Merchandizes that shall be so imported without paying the Customs and Duties due and payable att the Importation thereof or of any prohibited Goods whatsoever or shall receive or take such prohibited Goods into his or their House or Ware-house or other place onland or such other Goods before such Customs and Duties are paid knowing thereof shall [alsoe*] for every such offence forfeit and lose the like Sum of Five hundred pounds the one halfe of the said forfeitures to be to their Majesties and the other halfe to the Informer or such person or persons as shall sue for the same.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may assign.

VII.

Five Pounds per Cent, upon East India Stock.

vm.

Twenty Shillings upon African Shar

hares.

IX.

Five Pounds upon Hudson's Bay Shares.

X.

Person interested only to swear to Debenture for Drawback.

XL

Person insuring to deliver prohibited Goods imported, or Goods without Custom;

Penalty.

XII.

Person who shall be so insured;

Penalty £$oo.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 15, 16.

A.D. 1692.

XIII. Insurer discovering;

Reward.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if the Insurer Conveyer or Manager of such Fraud be the discoverer of the same he shall not only keep and enjoy the Insurance money or Reward given him and be discharged of the penalties to which he is liable by reason of such offence but shall also have to his owne vse one halfe of the forfeitures hereby imposed upon the partie or parties tnakeing such Insurance or Agreement or receiving the Goods as aforesaid And in case no discovery shall be made by the Insurer Conveyer or Manager as aforesaid and the partie or parties insured or concerned in such Agreement shall make discovery thereof he shall recover and receive back such Insurance money or Premium as he hath paid upon such Insurance or Agreement and shall have to his owne use one moiety of the Forfeitures imposed upon such Insurer Conveyer or Manager as aforesaid and shall also be discharged of the forfeitures hereby imposed upon him or them.

XIV. How Penalty recovered.

Limitation of Prosecution.

And be it enacted That all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recoverable according to the course of the Court of Exchequer in like manner as other penalties and forfeitures in like cases are recoverable Provided That no Penalty hereby inflicted shall be recoverable vnlesse the same be prosecuted within Twelve months after the time such fad was committed Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Application of Duties.

4 & 5 W.ScM. C.5.

And for preventing doubts touching the application of moneys which shall accrue to their Majesties for the Custom of Prize Goods Be it declared and directed by the authority aforesaid That all Duties as well Customs as Impostf and by what Act or Adf soever that shall accrue and be payable to their Majesties at the Custom-House after the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety three for any Goods or Merchandize taken condemned and sold as prize shall be applied entirely to the credit of an Act of this .present Session of Parliament entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize for the prosecuteing the present War against France Any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Rot. Parl. pi. 4. nr/. 2.

Recital that Frauds are pradised by necessitous Persons in borrowing Money.

Debtor upon Judgment, &c. taking up Money of another upon Mortgage, without Notice of the Judgment to the Mortgagee, unless upon Notipe by the Mort agee he pay off the same within Six Months, shall lose his Equity to redeem

and Mortgagee may hold the Land against the said Mortgagor for such Estate as was granted to him.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act to prevent Fraudf by Clandestine Mortgages

WHEREAS great Fraudf and Deceits are too often pra&ised by necessitous and evil disposed Persons in borrowing of money and giving Judgmentf Statutes and Recognizances privately for securing the repayment of the said money and the same persons do afterwards borrow money upon security of their Lands of other Persons and do not acquaint the latter Lender thereof with the same whereby such late Lender is very often in danger to lose his whole money or forced to pay of the Debts secured by the said Judgmentf Statutes and Recognizances before they can have any benefitt of the said Mortgages. And whereas divers Persons do many times mortgage their Lands more then once without giving notice of their first mortgage whereby Lenders of money upon second or after mortgages doe often lose their money and are put to great charges in suits and otherwise. For remedy whereof and preventing the same as much as may be for the future Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That if any Person or Persons from and after the first day of May w'hich shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and three shall borrow any money or for any other valuable Consideration for the payment thereof voluntarily give acknowledge permitt or suffer to be entred against him or them one or more Judgment or Judgmentf Statute or Statutes Recognizance or Recognizances to any Person or Persons Creditor or Creditors And if the said Borrower or Borrowers Debter or Debtors shall afterwards take upp or borrow' any other sum or sums of money of any other Person or Persons or for other valuable Consideration become indebted to such Person or Persons and for secureing the repayment and discharge thereof shall mortgage his her or their Lands or Tenementf or any part thereof to the said second or other Lender or Lenders of the said money Creditor or Creditors or to any other person or persons in trust for or to the use of such second or other Lender or Lenders Creditor or Creditors and shall not give notice to the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Judgment or Judgmentf Statute or Statutes Recognizance or Recognizances in writing under his her or their Hand or Hands before the execution of the said Mortgage or Mortgages unlesse such Mortgager or Mortgagers his her or their Heires upon notice to him her or them given by the Mortgagee or Mortgagees of the said Lands and Tenementf his her or their Heirs Executors Administrators or Assigns in writing under his her or their Hands and Seals attested by two or more sufficient witnesses of any such former Judgment or Judgmentf Statute or Statutes Recognizance or Recognizances shall within Six months pay of and discharge the said Judgment or Judgmentf Statute or Statutes Recognizance or Recognizancf and all Interest and Charges due thereupon and cause or procure the same to be vacated or discharged by Record That then the Mortgager or Mortgagers of the said Lands and Tenementf his her or their Heires Executors Administrators or Assigns shall have no benefitt or remedy against the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees his her or their Heires Executors Administrators or Assigns or any of them in Equity or elsewhere for redemption of the said Lands and Tenementf or any part thereof But the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees his her or their Heirs Executors Administrators and Assigns shall and may hold and enjoy the said Lands and Tenementf for such Estate and Term therein as were or was granted and settled to the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees against the said Mortgager or Mortgagers and [and1] all Person or Persons lawfully claiming from by or under him her or them freed from Equity of Redemption and as fully to all intentf and purposes whatsoever as if the same had been purchased absolutely and without any power or liberty of Redemption

1 O. omits.

A.D. 1692.

405

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 16, IT.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Person or Persons who have or hath once mortgaged or from and after the said First day of May shall mortgage any Lands or Tenementf to any Person

or Persons for Security of Money lent or otherwise accrued or become due or for other valuable Considerations

And if the said [Mortgager1] or [Mortgagers1] shall again mortgage the same Lands or Tenementf or any part thereof to any other Person or Persons for valuable Considerations (the said former Mortgage being in force and not discharged) and shall not discover to the said second or other Mortgagee or Mortgagees or some or one of them

the former Mortgage or Mortgages in writing under his or their Hands That then and in those cases also the

said [Mortgager1] or [Mortgagers1] his her or their Heires Executors Administrators or Assigns shall have no Relief or Equity of Redemption against the said second or after Mortgagee or Mortgagees liis her or their Heirs Executors Administrators or Assignes upon the said after mortgage or mortgages but that such Mortgagee or Mortgagees his (3) or their Heirs Executors Administrators and Assigns shall and may hold and enjoy such more then once mortgaged Lands and Tenementf for such Estate and Terme therein as were or was granted and conveyed by the said [Mortgager '] or [Mortgagers1] against him her or them his her or their Heires Executors or Administrators respectively freed from Equity of Redemption and as fully to all intents and purposes as if the same had been and absolute purchase and without any power or liberty of Redemption.

Provided always and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That neverthelesse if it so happen there be more then one Mortgage att the same time made by any Person or Persons to any Person or Persons of the same Lands and Tenementf the several late or under Mortgagees his her or their Heirs Executors Administrators or Assigns shall have power to redeem any former Mortgage or Mortgages upon payment of the principal Debt Interest and Costs of Suit to the prior Mortgagee or Mortgagees his her or their Heires Executors Administrators or Assigns any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed deemed or extended to bar any Widow of any [Mortgager1] of Lands or Tenementf from her Dower and Right in or to the said Lands who did not legally join with her Husband in such Mortgage or otherwise lawfully bar or exclude her selfe from such her Dower or Right.

II.

Persons having mortgaged and mortgaging again without Notice to the Second or other succeeding Mortgagee, to lose his Equity of Redemption.

III.

Under-Mortgagees may redeem.

IV.

Proviso for Dower.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Acr for the regaining encourageing and settling the Greenland Trade

WHEREAS the Trade to Greenland and the Greenland Seas in the fishing for Whales there hath been heretofore a very beneficial Trade to this Kingdom not only in the imploying great numbers of Seamen and Ships and consuming great quantities of Provisions but also in the bringing into this Nation great quantities of Oyl Blubber and Fins. And whereas neighbouring Nations do yearely make great advantage thereby not only supplying themselves with that sort of Oyl and Fins but by vending into other parts great quantities thereof and particularly • into this Kingdom where the said Trade is now quite decayed and lost. And whereas several Merchantf of this Kingdom did heretofore endeavour to settle and regain the said Trade and for their encouragement therein it was by an Att of Parliament made in the Five and twentieth yeare of the Raigne of His late Majesty King Charles the second entituled An Act for the incouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades and for the better secureing the Plantation Trade (amongst other things) enabled That [in regard4] there was then great want of Harpinierers and Seamen skilled and exercised in the Trade of Whale fishing it should and might be lawfull for any Ship or Vessel truely belonging to England Wales or the Towne of Berwick upon Tweed and whereof the Master should be an Englishmen and inhabiting within the Places aforesaid from and after the First day of May which was in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seventy and three and until the Five and twentieth day of March which was in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and three employed for the catching of Whales dureing such Voyage to be navigated with one moiety of the Harpinierers and one moiety [of the rest4] of the Mariners only English and yet to pay no further or other Custom for the Oyl Blubber or Fins caught or imported in such Ship or Vessel then if such Ship or Vessel had been navigated with Three fourths of the Mariners English Which said Act was by another Att of Parliament made in the Second yeare of Their present Majesties Reign entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported continued for Four years. And whereas several Merchantf and other Persons of this Kingdom were by the (5) first recited Att encouraged to fit out and send to the said Greenland Seas some Ships or Vessels for the catching of Whales whereby some small quantities of Oyl Blubber and Whale Fins were imported into this Kingdom but they not being able to carry on the said Trade upon their single or separate Interests in regard that the neighbouring Nations did yearly [send4] far greater numbers of Ships into those Seas the said Merchantf and other Persons of this Kingdom were forced to desist from following the said Trade which is now wholly ingrossed by Foreigners And since the expiration and revival of the said Act there hath not been any Ships sent from England to the said Greenland Seas or any Oyl Blubber or Whale Fins imported into England but such as have been bought of Foreigners whereby great sums of money are yearely drawne out of England for those Commodities and the Rates and Prizes which are now paid for the same are now above six times more then heretofore they were and

Rot. Par/, pt. 4. nu. 3.

Recital that Greenland Trade beneficial;

and that neighbouring Nations make Advantage thereby

and that the Merchants have endeavoured to regain the same.

25 Car.II. c.7. § 1

2 W. & M. Scss. t. 0.4.

Recital of the Circumstances under which the said Trade is now wholly ingrossed by Foreigners.

5 L

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. IT.

Recital that for regaining the said Trade a Stock of <*£40,000 had been suberibed by the Persons herein named.

Power given to the said Persons to raise a Joint Stock of .£40,000.

11.

The said Persons made a Corporation by the Name of the Greenland Company.

To have a Common Seal, and capable to purchase Lands, &c. not exceeding j€ioo per Annum.

III.

The Company may trade to Greenland, See.

Exception of

American

Plantations.

IV.

A Governor, &c. to be chosen.

V.

A Book of Subscriptions, and each Subscriber

the said Trade having been for above these Twelve years last past wholly lost to this Kingdom there are very few or no English Harpinierers or English Seamen skilled and exercised in the said Trade of Whale catching so that the said Trade cannot now be regained to this Kingdom nor can be carried on by or without the assistance of foreigne Harpinierers and Seamen or upon the single Interest? or Stock? of any particular Persons or by any other way then by a joynt Stock. And whereas for the regaining enlargeing and encourageing the said Trade a Stock of Fourty thousand Pounds att least is a necessary Fond to be raised for the regaineing and carrying on the said Trade whereby it may become beneficial to this Kingdom. And whereas Sir William Sea wen Knight Henry Bertie Robert Hookes John Skinner George Boddington Francis Gosfright Edmond Prideaux Edmond Harrison John Jurin Edward Buckley Benjamin Steele Mordecai Abbot Robert Michell John Gunston John Knapp Thomas Skinner William Broughton Robert Bristow Robert Hackshaw John Bridges James Boddington Peter Percivall Thomas Phipps Charles Michell Samuel Howard Samuel Nash Benjamin Smith Nicholas Cutler Thomas Chambers Peter Gray James Ball Thomas Kett Humphry Simpson Richard Munford John Plumbe Richard Cook Peter Godfrey Ambrose Bray Augustine Munford Josiah Ordway Joseph Paice and Thomas Gunston have undertaken and agreed to raise by Subscriptions amongst themselves the said Stock or Fond of Fourty thousand Pounds att least to be wholly employed in the regaining manageing and carrying on the said Trade May it please your most excellent Majesties that it may be enacted. And be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That a joynt Stock of Forty thousand Pounds at least shall be raised by Subscriptions by the said Sir William Scawen Henrie Bertie Robert Hookes John Skinner George Boddington Francis Gosfright Edmond Prideaux Edmond Harrison John Jurin Edward Buckley Benjamin Steel Mordecai Abbot Robert Michell John Gunston John Knapp Thomas Skinner William Broughton Robert Bristow Robert Hackshaw John Bridges James Boddington Peter Percival Thomas Phipps Charles Michell Samuel Howard Samuel Nash Benjamin Smith Nicholas Cutler Thomas Chambers Peter Gray James Ball Thomas Kett Humphry Simpson Richard Munford John Plumbe Richard Cook Peter Godfrey Ambrose Bray Augustine Munford Josiah Ordway Joseph Paice and Thomas Gunston on or before the First day of May now next coming and shall be paid to the vse of the Company established by this Act in such manner as by this Act: is directed.

And for the better regaining managing and carrying on the said Trade for the public good of this Kingdome Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Sir William Scawen Henrie Bertie Robert Hookes John Skinner George Boddington Francis Gosfright Edmond Prideaux Edmond Harrison John Jurin Edward Buckley Benjamine Steele Mordecai Abbott Robert Michell John Gunston John Knapp Thomas Skinner William Broughton Robert Bristow Robert Hackshaw John Bridges James Boddington Peter Percivall Thomas Phipps Charles Michell Samuel Howard Samuel Nash Benjamine Smith Nicholas Cutler Thomas Chambers Peter Gray James Ball Thomas Kett Humphrey Simpson Richard Munford John Plumbe Richard Cook Peter Godfrey Ambrose Bray Augustine Munford Josiah Ordway Joseph Paice and Thomas Gunston and all and every other person and persons being natural borne Subject? of this Realme or persons naturalized or endenizend who shall have any share or interest in the said Joynt Stock shall be one Body Corporate and Politick in deed and in name by the name of the Company of Merchants of London tradeing to Greenland And that by the same name of the Company of Merchant? of London tradeing to Greenland they shall have succession and a Common Seal and that they and their Successors by the name aforesaid shall be able and capable in Law and shall have perfect power and ability in Law to have purchase receive possesse and enjoy retaine to them and their Successors Land? Rent? Tenement? and Hereditament? of what kind nature or quality soever so as the same exceed not the yearely value of One hundred pounds And also to sell grant demise alien or dispose of the same and by the same name to sue and implead to be sued and impleaded answer and be answered in any Court? of Record or other places whatsoever and to do and execute all and singuler other matters and things by the name aforesaid that to them shall or may appertain to do and all other thing? whatsoever which any other Body Corporate or Politicke can or may lawfully doe or execute.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Company of Merchant? of London tradeing to Greenland and their Successors shall dureing the continuance of this Joynt Stock hereby appointed to be raised have use and enjoy the free Trade and Traffick and shall and may freely traffick and use the trade and art of Merchandize and catching of Whales by Sea or otherwise to into and from Greenland and [the1] Greenland Seas and to into and from the several Port? Havens and Places which are scituate lying and being in Greenland and the Greenland Seas and in all other Seas and Places whatsoever (except in the Seas belonging to their Majesties Colonies and Plantations in America) and to and from all and every of them without any hindrance interruption denyall or disturbance whatsoever any Statute Usage or other Cause or Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted That a Governor Deputy Governor and Sixteen Committees of the said Company shall be elected and chosen in manner as hereafter is appointed who shall have the management and direction of the said Trade and of the Voyages and Affairs of the said Company.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That a Book for Subscriptions shall be provided within Ten days after the passing of this Act by the first Five of the aforenamed persons or any Three of them In wrhich said

‘ interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1692.

407

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 17.

Book shall be subscribed on or before the said said First day of May now next comeing by all the persons in this Act to subscribe not less

before named or the Survivors of them the said Joynt Stock which shall not be lesse then Forty thousand pounds more^an^2 oooo

And that each of the said Subscribers shall not subscribe lesse then Five hundred pounds nor more then Two thousand pounds.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every the said persons so as aforesaid subscribeing vi.

shall on or before the said First day of May now next comeing actually and bona fide pay downe unto such person or persons as the said persons herein before named or the major part of them shall nominate and appoint one be paid;

full and entire Fourth part of the severall sums of money by each of them respectively subscribed to the said

Joynt Stock and shall alsoe pay the remainder thereof att such dmes and in such manner as shall be directed and appointed from time to time by the Governor or Deputy Governor and Court of Comittees of the said Company for the time being so as the whole sum to be subscribed be paid within Foure years next after the said First day within Four Years, of May.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons makeing default in Vll.

any of the said paymentf shall imediately from and after such default have or enjoy no further or other benefitt Pikers to enjoy

.. . . J ' .,n proportion to

or advantage by such Subscription then according and in proportion to such sum or sums of money onely which Money actually

such person or persons shall have actually and really paid into the said Joynt Stock as aforesaid. pa,d'

And be it [further1] enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons who shall make default in yill.

paying any part or proportion of such his Subscription in such manner as by this Act is appointed shall forfeit Defaulters to

and loose to the use and benefitt of the Adventurers in the said Joynt Stock after the rate of Ten pounds for Cent, of what*they

every One hundred pounds of such sum or sums which he or they shall so neglect or omitt to pay in as aforesaid ^avc Pa‘^*

to be deduCled out of the money paid in by such person makeing default as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That before the Five and twentieth day of May now next ix.

comeing any Thirteen of them the said persons herein before named shall sumon and call together a General ^t^Gover-Court of all the said Subscribers and of all and every other person and persons who shall then have any Share nor, and Sixteen or Interest in the said Joint Stock who shall and may quietly and freely assemble themselves and meet together Comm,ttces-

att the time and place so appointed and then and there att their will and pleasure name choose and elect one fit

person who shall have subscribed One thousand pounds or upwardf to the said Joynt Stock and actually paid in one fourth part thereof as aforesaid to be Governor of the said Company And one other fitt person in like manner who shall have subscribed the Sum of One thousand pounds to the said Joynt Stock and actually paid in one fourth part thereof as aforesaid to be Deputy Governor of the said Company And also Sixteen other fitt

persons in like manner each of them having severally subscribed the sum of Five hundred pounds or upwardf

to the said Joynt Stock and severally paid in one fourth part thereof as aforesaid to be Comittees of the said Company the said Governor Deputy' Governor and Comittees to continue in their respective Offices and Places until the Twentieth day of October which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and foure.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Governor and Deputy Governor of the said Q tob t k-Company for the time being before they be admitted to the execution of their respective Offices or Places of by Governor and Governour and Deputy Governour shall take the following Oath, viz Deputy Governor.

YOU swear That you shall assist and with all your Powrer support and maintain the Company of Merchantf of London tradeing to Greenland and the Priveledges of the same haveing no respect to your selfe in derogation hindrance or prejudice to the good Government Order and Comon Weale thereof The By-Laws and Ordinances which shall be made by authority of this Company and which are not repugnant to the Laws of this Kingdom you shall uprightly and duely execute according to your knowledge thereof And to every person you shall [administer *] upright Justice And you shall not engage or oblige the said Company in any wise as Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company without agreement and consent of the Court of Committees of the said

Company. So help you Almighty God.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every one of the said Sixteen Comittees of the said Company for the time being before they be admitted to the execucon of their said respective Offices or Places of Comittees shall take the following Oath. viz.

YOU sweare to be faithfull and true dureing the rime of your place of trust as one of the Comittees to the Company of Merchantf of London tradeing to Greenland and their Successors the good Estate of the Adventurers in this present Joynt Stock you shall favour and affect and the Priveledges granted unto them (to your power) endeavour to maintaine and preserve You shall be carelull to see and provide that an equal and indiferent hand be carried in the Government of the Company and in the Affaires thereof to all the Adventurers

that shall adventure or put in Stock And that an equal Division from time to time be made to all the Adventurers

according to the proportion of their several Stocks duely paid in So help you God.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no person or persons who shall subscribe lesse or ^ i - v^ n shall have lesse then Five hundred [pound3] in the said Joynt Stock shall have any vote or voice att any General tj,an£$oCnoVotr,

Court of the said Company And that every person or persons who shall subscribe to or shall have in the said

----- . -. —__________■ - ----- Votes.

XI.

Oalli to he taken by Committees.

1 O. omits.

4 minister 0.

* pounds O.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 17.

A.D. 1692.

XIII. Oath to be taken by Subscribers.

XIV.

Governors, &c. to be chosen annually. Proceedings.

XV.

Governor, Deputy Governor and Committees to take the Oaths of i W. & M. Sess. i. c. 8.

By whom such Oaths are to be administered.

XVI. General Courts and Committees how to be called.

XVII.

The Subscribers at a Court may make Bye Laws.

Joynt Stock the sum of Five hundred pounds shall have one vote or voice and no more att any General Court

of the said Company and that every person or persons who shall subscribe to or shall have in the said Joynt

Stock of the said Company the Sum of One thousand pounds shall have two votes or voices att any General

Court of the said Company and no more although he or they shall have subscribed more to or shall have in the

said Stock more then One thousand pounds.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons who shall subscribe

and pay in any Sum of money into the said Joynt Stock or shall have any Share or Interest in the said Joynt

Stock shall be admitted gratis into the Freedom of the said Company and shall take the Oath of Admission into the same before the Governor or Deputy Governor or any Five of the Comittees for the time being who are

hereby impowered to administer the same in words following viz

YOU swear that you will assist and with all your power support and maintaine the Company of Merchantf of London tradeing to Greenland; The By Laws and Ordinancf which shall be made by authority of this Company which are not repugnant to the Law's of this Kingdom you shall according to your knowledge thereof uprightly and duely keep and obey. So help you God.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Governour [and '] Deputy Govemour or any Five of the Comittees then in being shall before the said Twentieth day of October in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety (*) foure att any time between the First day and the Twentieth day of October then next following and so annually for every yeare afterwards between the days last menconed (timely notice thereof being first given) call a general Court of all the Members of the said Company wrho shall have subscribed to the said Joynt Stock the sum of Five hundred pounds or more and paid in one fourth part of their several Subscriptions as aforesaid and such other proportions of the same as shall be directed and appointed as aforesaid and shall have severally taken the said Oath of Admission then and there to elect and choose out of the Members of the said Company so qualified as aforesaid One Governor One Deputy Governor and Sixteen Comittees of the said Company to serve for one wrhole yeare next ensueing his and their respective Elections And if the said Governor or Deputy or any of the Comittees for the time being shall happen to die before the expiration of the said yeare for which he or they shall be so elected that then and from thenceforth it shall and may be law'full to and for the said Governor or Deputy Governour or Five of the Comittees to suinon and call together a General Court of the Adventurers aforesaid and then and there to choose into the place or places of him or them so dyeing other fit person or persons qualified as aforesaid to continue in their respective Offices or Places dureing the remainder of such yeare

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Governor Deputy Governor and Comittees of the said Company besides the said Oaths already appointed to be taken by them respectively shall alsoe take the [Oath3] appointed to be taken instead of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance by a late Act of Parliament [mad4] in the First yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths And that the said first Governor to be elected shall take the said Oaths hereby appointed to be taken by the Governor of the said Company for the time being before the [said3] persons herein before named or any nine of them who are hereby impowered to administer the same And the first Deputy Governor shall take the said Oaths hereby appointed to be taken by the Deputy Governor of the said Company for the time being before the said first Governor who is hereby impowered to administer the same And the said first Sixteen Comittees shall each of them severally take the said Oaths appointed to be taken by the said Sixteen Comittees for the time being before the said first Governor or the said Deputy Governour who are hereby impowered to administer the same And that every succeeding Governor shall take the Oaths appointed to be taken by the said Govemour of the Company for the time being before the last preceding Governor or any Five or more of the last preceding Comittees who are hereby impowered to administer the same And every succeeding Deputy Governour shall take the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Deputy Governor of the said Company for the time being before the Governor or in case of his death or absence before any Five of the last preceding Comittees who are hereby impowered to administer the same And every Member of the succeeding Comittees for the time being shall take the said Oaths appointed to be respectively taken by the Sixteen Comittees of the said Company for the time being before the Governour or Deputy Governor for the time being or any Five or more of the preceding Committees who are hereby impowered to administer the same.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said Twentieth day of May next ensuing all and every the General Courts and Comittees of the said Company hereby established shall be from time to time called and summoned by order of the said Governour or Deputy Govemour or any Five or more of the said Comittees for the time being Att all which General Courts and Courts of Comittees beforementioned the Governour for the time being shall be present or in his absence the Deputy Govemour for the time being and in case of equality of Votes or Voices shall have a casting Voice.

And be it further enacted by the authority' aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for all the Members of the said Company who shall have subscribed Five hundred pounds or more to the said Joynt Stock and shall have paid in one fourth part of their respective Subscriptions and such other proportions of the same as shall be directed or appointed as aforesaid and all and every other person and persons who shall have the sum of Five

A.D. 1692.

409

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 17.

hundred pounds in the said Joynt Stock and shall have taken the said Oath of Admission from time to time and att all times dureing the continuance of the said Joynt Stock to assemble themselves att a General Court (timely norice thereof being first given as aforesaid by the Governour or Deputy Governour or [any'] Five of the said Comittees for the rime being) And that they or the major part of them being so assembled whereof the Governour [or the1] Deputy Governour for the time being to be one shall and may make ordain and constitute such and so many reasonable By-Laws Constitutions and Ordinance as to them or the greater part of them then and there present shall seem necessary and convenient for the good Government of the said Company and of all Comanders Mariners and all other Officers Servant^ and Persons by them employed in any of their Ships and Voyages and for the better preservation and improvement of the said Trade or Traffick and the same By-Laws Constitutions Orders and Ordinancf so made to put in [use1] accordingly and att their Will and Pleasure from time to time to change revoke and alter the same as occasion shall be or require Which said By-Laws Constitutions Orders and Ordinance so as aforesaid to be made shall be duely kept and observed under the pains and penalties therein limitted so always as the said By-Laws Constitutions Orders and Ordinance be reasonable and not contrary or repugnant to the [Laws4] Statutes or Customs of this Kingdom or to any of the Regulations contained in this Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That dureing the Continuance of this said joynt Stock no private Contract for the Sale of any Goode or Merchandizes shall be made by the said Company to any Member or Members of the said Company or any other Person or Persons whatsoever But that all Goode and Merchandizes belonging to the said Company shall be sold openly and publickely by Inch of Candle att their publick Sales which shall be once in every yeare att the least Of which Sales publick Notice shall be given upon the Royal Exchange in London att least Three Weeke before And that no Lott of any Goods or Merchandizes belonging to the said Company shall be put up or exposed to Sale the value of which shall exceed Three hundred Pounds in the Allotment thereof And that all Moneys ariseing by the sale of any Goods or Merchandizes of the said Company shall be faithfully and bona fide accompted for and applied to the publick and comon benefitt and advantage of the general joynt Stock of the said Company and of all and every the Persons therein interested rateably and according to every Persons Proportion and Share thereof and not to the private advantage of any particular Person or Persons whatsoever.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Dividendf hereafter to be made of the Profitf ariseing by the said Trade shall be made in money and not otherwise. And be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Share or Interest in the said joynt Stock to sell assigne and transfer such his or their Share or Interest or any part thereof by and in the Books of the said Company to be for that purpose provided to any Person or Persons being natural born Subjects of this Realme or Persons naturalized or endenized And that all and every such Sale and Assignment when so as aforesaid made and entred and not otherwise shall be good and effectual in the Law against all and every such Person and Persons his and their Executors and Administrators who shall so as aforesaid assigne and transfer any such Share and Interest in the said joynt Stock And [that1] the said Book or Books for the assigneing and transferring the said joynt Stock shall lie open from time to time for the view of all Persons concerned And all Alienations Transfers or Assignment^ made after any other manner shall be void excepting for such Stock onely which shall happen to be devised to any Person by Will or shall come to him by being Executor or Administrator to any Person deceased.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall not be lawfull for any Person or Persons

att any time to agree for contract bargain or sell any or other or greater Sum Share Interest or part of the* said

joynt Stock then such Sum Share Interest or Part only as such Person or Persons shall actually and bona fide be possessed of and have standing in his or their owne name in the said Companies Books att the time of such Agreement Contra& Bargaine or Sale made.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Agreementf Contra6t£ Bargaines or Sales for any Share Interest or Part of the said joynt Stock which shall not be performed compleated and executed and transferred within Ten days next after the makeing of such Agreement Contract Bargaine or Sale are and shall be null and void to all intentf and purposes whatsoever as if the same had never been made

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for the said Company

hereby established and for all and every the Ships and Vessells belonging to or employed by the said Company

and truely belonging to England Wales or the Towne of Berwick upon Tweed and whereof the Masters shall be Englishmen and inhabiting within the Places aforesaid and for no other Ship or Vessell whatsoever from and after the First day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three and until the First (5) of October which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seven employed for the catching of Whales in the Greenland Seas and other the Seas and Places aforesaid dureing such their Voyages to be navigated with one third of the Mariners English att the least and yet [to pay1] no further or other Custom for the Oyle Blubber or Fins caught and imported in such Ships or Vessels then if such Ships [or Vessels1] had been navigated with three fourths of the Mariners English Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Notice of calling a Court.

Bye-Laws to be observed, and not to be repugnant to Law.

XVIII.

The .Sales of Goods to be public once a Year at least, and by Inch of Candle.

No Lot more than ^300.

The Monies arising from Sales to be faithfully applied.

XIX. Dividends to be in Money.

Shares may be assigned by Entry in a Book kept for that Purpose, and may be devised.

Book open to inspection.

Transfers made otherwise, void.

XX.

No person to sell a

freater Share than e really hath.

XXL

Sales not perfected within Ten Days void.

XXII.

Ships to Greenland may be navigated with One Third English

and yet not to pay any further Custom.

' O. omits.

3 ure 0.

5 M

* interlined on the Roll.

4 omitted in the King's Printer's Copy.

* day 0.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.IT, 18.

4D.]699,

XXIII.

Greenland Ships not to have the Benefit of this Act, unless victualled for the said Voyage, and proceed direct.

To be attested by Collector.

Provided always and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no English Ship or other Vessel belonging to England Wales or the Towne of Berwick upon Tweed and which shall belong to and be employed by the said Company in the catching of Whales in the Greenland Seas and other the Seas and Places aforesaid and importing Whale Oyle or Blubber or other Fish Oyl or Whale Fins of Greenland or those Seas or other the Seas and Places aforesaid shall enjoy any Benefitt or Priviledge by this Act unlesse such Ship or Vessell did proceed on her Voyage for Greenland and those Seas or for other the Seas or Places aforesaid from England or Wales or the Towne of Berwick upon Tweed and was victualled for the said Voyage in some of those Places to be attested by the Collector of the Port where the same Ship or Vessell was victualled.

XXIV. Corporation to continue for 14 Years.

y xv This Act a ' Public Act.

Provided always That this Act and the said joynt Stock shall continue and the said Company shall have and enjoy the said Traffick and Trade to and from Greenland and the Greenland Seas and other the Seas and Places aforesaid for the Terme of Fourteen yeares to be accounted from the First day of October in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three and no longer.

Provided also and be it further enacted That this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a publick Act of Parliament and shall be so taken and acknowledged by all and every Their Majesties Judges in all and every Their Majesties Courts att Westminster and by all and every other Their Majesties Subjedtf whatsoever.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. vu. 4.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of Kings Bench and for the more easie reversal of

Outlaries in the same Court

Recital that malicious Informations had been exhibited and not proceeded in

and of Difficulty in reversing Outlawries.

Clerks of the Crown not to exhibit, &c. Information without Order of Court, nor issue Process till Recognizance to prosecute.

Memorandum in the Office.

Defendant to have Costs if Cause not tried within One Year after Issue joined. See.

unless Judge certify.

Defendants Remedy for Costs.

II.

Outlawry may be reversed by

WHEREAS diverse malicious and contentious persons have more of late then in times past procured to be exhibited and prosecuted Infonnacbns in Their Majesties Court of Kings Bench at Westminster against persons in all the Counties of England for Trespasses Batteries and other Misdemeanours and after the parties so informed against have appeared to such Informations and pleaded to issue the Informers do very seldom proceed any further whereby the persons so informed against are put to great Charges in their Defence And although att the Tryals of such Informacons Verdiftf are given for them or a Noli prosequi be entred against them they have no remedy for obtaining Costs against such Informers. And whereas diverse persons are prosecuted in the said Court of Kings Bench to Outlaries for Debts Trespasses and other Misdemeanours and there is no reversing such Outlaries but by the psonal appearance of the persons outlawed so that the person arrested upon such Outlaries (if poor) lye in Prison till their Deaths but if able it costs them very deare to reverse the same Outlaries. For remedy whereof be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That from and after the First day of Easter Terme which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and three the Clerk of the Crowne in the said Court of Kings Bench for the time being shall not without expresse Order to be given by the said Court in open Court exhibit receive or file any Informacon for any of the causes aforesaid or issue out any Processe thereupon before he shall have taken or shall have delivered to him a Recognizance from the person or persons procureing such Information to be exhibited with the place of his her or their Abode Title or Proffession to be entred to the person or persons against whom such Information or Informations is or are to be exhibited in the penalty of Twenty pounds that he she or they will effectually prosecute such Informations or Informacon and abide by and observe such Orders as the said Court shall direct which Recognizance the said Clerk of the Crowne and alsoe every Justice of the Peace of any County City Franchise or Towne Corporate (where the Cause of any such Informacon shall arise) are hereby impowered to take after the takeing whereof by the said Clerk of the Crowne or the Receipt thereof from any Justice of the Peace the said Clerk of the Crowne shall make an Entry thereof upon Record and shall file a Memorandum thereof in some publick place in his Office that all persons may resort thereunto without Fee And in case any person or persons against whom any Informacon or Informacons for the Causes aforesaid or any of them shall be exhibited shall appeare thereunto and plead to Issue and that the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of such Information or Informations shall not att his and their owne proper Costs and Chargf within one whole yeare next after issue joyned therein procure the same to be tryed Or if upon such Tryall a Verdict passe for the Defendant or Defendants or in case the said Informer or Informers procure a Noli prosequi to be entred Then in any of the said Cases the said Court of Kings Bench is hereby authorized to award to the said Defendant and Defendants his her or their Costs unlesse the Judge before whom such Information shall be tryed shall att the Tryal of such Information in open Court certifie upon Record that there was a reasonable Cause for exhibiting such Information And in case the said Informer or Informers shall not within Three Months next after the said Costs taxed and demand made thereof pay to the said Defendant or Defendants (') shall have the benefitt of the said Recognizance to compel them thereunto.

And for the more easy and speedy reversing of Outlaries in the said Court Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the said First day of Easter Terme no person or persons whatsoever wrho are or

1 the said Costs, then the said Defendant & Defendants *, G.

A.D. 1692.

4" Gul. & Mar. c. 18, 19.

411

shall be outlawed in the [said*] Court for any cause matter or thing whatsoever (Treason and Felony onely excepted) shall be compelled to come in person into or appear in person in the said Court to reverse such Outlarie but shall or may appeare by Attorney and reverse the same without Bail in all cases (except where Special Bail shall be ordered by the said Court.)

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons Outlawed or hereafter to be Outlawed in the said Court (other then for Treason and Felony) shall from and after the said First day of Easter Terme be taken and arrested upon any Capias Utlagatum out of the said Court it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Sheriff or Sherifff who hath or shall have taken and arrested such person and persons (in all cases where Special Bail is not required by the said Court) to take an Attorneys engagement under his Hand to appear for the said Defendant or Defendants and to reverse the said Outlaries and thereupon to discharge the said Defendant and Defendants from such Arrestf And in those cases where Special Bail is required by the said

Court the said Sheriff [or1] Sherifff shall and may take Security of the said Defendant or Defendants by Bond with one or more sufficient Surety or Sureties in the penalty of double the sum for which Special Bail is required and no more for his her or their Appearance by Attorney in the said Court att the returne of the said VVritt and to do and performe such things as shall be required by the said Court and after such Bond taken to discharge the said Defendant and Defendants from the said Arrestf.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons outlawed as aforesaid and taken and arrested upon a Capias Utlagatum shall not be able within the returne of the said Writt to give Security as aforesaid in Cases where Special Bail is required so as he or they are comitted to Gaol for default thereof that whensoever the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall find sufficient Security to the Sheriff or Sherifff in whose Custody he or they shall be for his or their appearance by Attorney in the said Court att some returne in the Terme then next following to reverse the said Outlarie or Outlaries and to do and performe such other thing and things as shall be required by the said Court it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Sheriff & Sherifff after such Security taken to discharge and sett at liberty the said Prisoner and Prisoners for the same Any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided That nothing in this A & relateing to Informations shall extend or be construed to extend to any other Informacons then such as are or shall be exhibited in the name of Their Majesties Coroner or Attorney in the Court of Kings Bench for the time being (comonly called the Master of the Crowne Office) Any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That upon the Demise of any King or Queen of this Realme all Pleas to Informacons in the said Court shall stand and be good in Law without calling Defendants to plead again to the same unlesse the Defendants desire so to do and make request to the said Court for that purpose within Five Months next after such Demise Any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for Their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom.

WHEREAS in this present yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and two it was notoriously knowne that there was great preparations for an Invasion intended from France the Lords of the Council and those that have a^ted by their Authority having apprehended and imprisoned several suspected persons and seized and used Horses and Armes and caused some part of the Militia of this Kingdom to be raised continued and maintained otherwise then is authorized by the A&f made in the Reigne of King Charles the Second in that behalfe and to march and be quartered in diverse places upon that occasion that those proceedingf in that extraordinary Juncture and the parties concerned therein may be indempnified therefore and for the preventing the trouble and chargf which the said good Subjects might be put to by the prosecution of Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors or by the meanes of Suites of any person whatsoever for and by reason of their actings and doemgf aforesaid Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That all personal Actions Suits Indictinentf Informations and other Prosecutions whatsoever for or by reason of the Premisses be and are hereby discharged and made void And if any Action or Suit hereby declared to be discharged hath been or shall be cdinenced or prosecuted every person so sued may plead the general Issue and give this A & and the Special Matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiffe shall become Nonsuit or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer discontinuance or if a Verditt passe against him the said Defendant shall recover his double costs for which he shall have the like remedy as in case where Costs by Law are given to Defendants

Attorney except in Treason and Felony.

III.

Persons taken upon CapiasUtlagatum in Common Bail Cases, discharged by an Attorney's Engagement to appear.

In Special Bail Cases, by giving Bond with Sureties to appear.

IV.

Persons taken as before to be discharged, giving Security, after Return of the Writ.

V.

This AA only extends to Informations by Master of Crown Office.

VI.

Proviso for Demise of the King.

Rot. Par!, pi. 5. nu. 1.

Recital that the Lords of the Council, &c. have acted beyond their Power in Defence of the Kingdom.

All future Actions against them for acting void.

In Actions begun General Issue may be pleaded.

Double Costs.

1 interlined on the Roll.

- and O.

4° G u l. & Ma r . c. 20.

A.D. 1692.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. 2.

Judgments to be docqueted.

Clerks of King's Bench and Common Pleas to bring Notes of Judgments.

Clerks of the Exchequer to bring like Notes to the Office of l'lcas.

Officers of the Courts to doequet Judgments of preceding Terms.

I*cc for search.

Officers neglecting Duty,

Penalty jfc'ioo.

II.

Judgments not doequetted not to affca Purchasers, &o.

III.

Fee to Clerk of the Judgments.

IV.

Continuance of Act

CHAPTER XX.

An Act for the better discover)' of Judgmentf in the Courts of Kings Bench Comon Pleas & Exchequer att

Westminster.

WHEREAS great Mischiefs and Damages happen and come as well to persons in their Life times but more often to their Heires Executors and Administrators and alsoe to Purchasers and Mortgagees by Judgmentf entred upon Record in Their Majesties C.ourtf att Westminster against the persons Defendants by reason of the difficulty there is in finding out such Judgmentf. For remedy whereof be it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Cdmons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the Clerke of the Essoignes of the Court of Comon Pleas every Clerk of the Doggetf of the Court of Kings-Bench and the Master of the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer for the time being shall before the last day of Easter Terme next comeing and so in every Easter Terme after make or cause to be made and put into an alphabetical Doggett by the Defendants names a particular of all Judgmentf for Debt by Confession Non sum Informatus or Nihil dicit entred in the said respective Courts of the Terme of Saint Hillary preceding which shall containe the name and names of the Plantiff and Plantiffs the name and names of the Defendant and Defendants his her or their place [and1] places of Abode and Title Trade or Profession (if any such be in the Record of the said Judgment) and the Debt Damages and C.ostf recovered thereby and in what County City or Towne the respective Actions were laid and the Number Roll of the Entry thereof And alsoe that every Clerk of the Judgmentf and every other Clerk of the said Court of Comon Pleas and Kings Bench respectively shall within ten days before the time aforesaid bring to the respective Clerks of the Doggettf of the said respective Courts Notes in writeing of all the Judgmentf by them and every of them respectively entred of the said Terme of Saint Hillary upon Vcrdictf Writtf of Enquiry Demurer and every other Judgment for Debt or Damagf in all things as aforesaid And alsoe that the Clerk of the Judgmentf and every other Clerk of the said Court of Exchequer shall within the times aforesaid bring to the said Master of the said Office of Pleas the like note in writeing of all the like Judgmentf by him and them respectively entred of the said Terme in all things as aforesaid to the end the same may be (by the Clerk of the Essoigns of the said Court of Comon Pleas the Clerk of the Doggettf of the said Court of Kings Bench and Master of the Office of Pleas) respectively entred in the respective Doggettf before mentioned in manner and forme aforesaid And alsoe that the respective Officers and Clerkf of the said respective Courts shall likewise before the last day of the Terme of Saint Michael also next comeing and in every Michaelmaf Terme after make or cause to be made as aforesaid the like Doggettf containeing all such Judgmentf in the said respective Courts of the respective Terms of Easter and Trinity then last past and the names of the Plaintifff and Defendants Titles and Additions Debt and Damagf in all things as aforesaid And alsoe that the said respective Officers and Clerkf of the said respective Courts shall likewise before the last day of the Terme of Saint Hillary which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and three and so in every Hillary Terme after make or cause to be made the like Doggett containeing all such Judgmentf in the said respective Courts of the Terme of Saint Michael then last past with the names of the Plaintifff and Defendants Titles and Additions Debt and Damagf in all things as aforesaid And that the said respective Doggettf shall be fairely put into and kept in Books in Parchment in the respective Offices of the respective Officers before named to be searched and viewed by all persons att all reasonable times paying to the respective Officers in whose keeping the said Books respectively shall be for every Terms search for Judgmentf against any one person foure pence and no more upon pain that every Clerk of Essoigns of the Court of Comon Pleas Clerk of the Doggetf of the Kings Bench and Master of the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer Clerkf of the Judgmentf and every Clerk before mentioned respectively shall for every Terme in which he shall omit or neglect to do his duty in the premisses forfeit the Sum of One hundred pounds the one moiety to the party or parties agrieved and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein no Priveledge or Essoigne or Protection of Law shall be admitted nor any more then one Imparlance.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Judgment not doggetted and entred in the Books as aforesaid shall affect any Lands or Tenementf as to Purchasers or Mortgagees or have any preference against Heirs Executors or Administrators in their Administration of their Ancestors Testators or Intestates Estates.

And whereas the Clerkf of the Judgmentf of the said respective Courts are to be att great charge and trouble in the execucon of this Act for recompence whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid that hereafter there

shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintifff in every of the said Judgmentf upon Verdictf Writs of Enquiry

Demurrer and every other Judgment by them respectively to be entred over and above the Fees now due for the same the Sum of Foure pence and no more.

Provided always and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this Act shall continue and be in force for

one yeare from the five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three and from

thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and no longer.

1 or 0.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.21, 22.

413

CHAPTER XXI.

An Act for delivering Declaracons to Prisoners

WHEREAS by the course ofPra&ise in the respective Courts of Record att Westminster after the Plaintiff or Plaintiff? in any Writt issued out of any of the said Courts have been att great charge to arrest the Defendant or Defendant? upon such Writ and the Defendant or Defendant? for want of sufficient bail are often comitted to goal and unlesse the Plaintiffe or Plaintiff? shall before the end of Two Terms next after such arrest cause such Defendant or Defendant? by Writt of Habeas Corpus to be removed to be charged in the said respective Court? with Declaracons of the cause of such action or actions such prisoner or prisoners are upon a comon Bail or appearance by Attorney discharged from their Imprisonment to the great prejudice of the Plaintiff?. For remedy whereof be it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That if now or att any time after the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three any Defendant or Defendant? be taken or charged in custody att the suit of any person or persons upon any Writ or Writ? out of any of the said Court? att Westminster and imprisoned or detained in prison for want of sureties for their appearance to the same the Plaintiff or Plaintiff? in such Writ or Writ? shall and may by virtue of this Act before the end of the next Terme after such Writ or Processe shall be returnable declare against such prisoner or prisoners in the respective Court or Court? out of which the Writ or Writ? shall issue whereupon the said prisoner or prisoners shall be taken and imprisoned or charged in custody and shall or may cause a true copy thereof to be delivered to such prisoner or prisoners or to the Coaler or Keeper of the prison, or Goaler in whose custody such prisoner shall be and remain; to which Declaration or Declaracons the said prisoner or prisoners shall appeare and plead And if such prisoner or prisoners shall not appeare and plead to the same the Plaintiff or Plaintiff? in such cases shall have Judgment [in such manner ' ] as if the prisoner or prisoners had appeared in the said respective Court? and refused to answer or plead to such Declaration.

[And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That in all Declaracons against any prisoner or prisoners detained in prison by virtue of any Writt or Processe issued or to be issued out of the Court of King? Bench it shall be alledged in custody of what Sheriff Bailiff or Steward of any Franchise or other person having the retume and execution of Writt? such prisoner or prisoners shall be att the time of such declaration by virtue of the Processe of the said Court att suit of the Plaintiff? which allegation shall be as good and effectuall to all intent? and purposes as if such prisoner or prisoners were in the custody of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of our Sovereigne Lord and Lady the King and Queen.1]

CHAPTER XXII.

An Act for regulateing Proceding? in the Crowne Office of the Court of King? Bench att Westminster

FOR rectifying the Proceeding? in the Crowne Office in Their Majesties Court of King? Bench and for the greater ease of all Their Majesties Subject? who shall hereafter be prosecuted in the same be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That no Corporation Lord or Lord? of Mannors or other person or persons having grant? by Charter or other good Conveyanc? who have inrolled and had the same allowed in and by the said Court shall hereafter be compelled to plead the same to any Inquisition returned by any Coroner any custome or usage to the contrary notwithstanding And if there be any Corporations Lord or Lord? of Mannors or other person or persons who now have or hereafter shall have such Charters or Grant? from the Crowne for Felons good? Deodand? and othe Forfeitures such Corporations Lord? of Mannors and other persons shall not be compelled to inroll their whole Charters and Grant? but [bring in3] the same to the Clerk of the Crowne of the said Court he shall inroll and enter upon record so much thereof as may expresse and set forth the Grant? of such Felons Good? Deodand? and Forfeitures and no more for doeing whereof he shall have and receive twenty shilling? for his fee and entry thereof and no more And from and after such inrollment no Corporation Lord of Mannor or other person or persons Grantees of such Good? or Forfeitures shall be compelled to plead the same in the said Court to any inquisition thereafter filed therein touching any Good? found thereby any usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Clerk of the Crowne of the said Court shall

hereafter issue out any processe against any Corporation Lord of Mannor or other person or persons Grantees of

such Felons Good? Deodand? and other Forfeitures after inrollment or entry as aforesaid the said Clerk of the Crowne shall for every offence forfeit and pay to the Corporation or party grieved thereby the sum of five pound?

to be recovered by bill plaint or information in any of Their Majesties Court? of Record att Westminster wherein

no essoign priveledge protection or wager of Law shall be admitted nor any more then one Imparlance.

Rot. Parl. pt. $. nu. 3.

Recital of Inconvenience of the present Course of Practice.

Prisoner in Custody charged and detained for want of Sureties for Appearance.

Within what Time Plaintiff may declare.

Prisoner not appearing to Declaration, Judgment.

II.

In the King's Bench, Declaration to allege in Custody of what Sheriff, &c.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5.

nu. 4.

Persons having Grants by Charter inrolled, not bound to plead them to an Inquisition.

Having Grants of Felon's Goods, &c. not bound to inrol the whole.

Fee.

After Inrolment, not bound to plead Grant to Inquisition.

II.

Clerk of the Crown issuing Process after Inrolment,

Penalty £5.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.22, 23.

III.

Clerk of the Crown not punishable for issuing Process against Heirs, &c. before they have entered or pleaded their Title.

IV.

A Proclamation at the Time of the Exigent in Criminal Cases to be delivered Three Months before Return.

31 Eliz. c.3.

V.

Continuance of Act.

And whereas divers persons having Grants of Felons Goods and Deodandf and inrolled and pleaded as aforesaid do many times alien and convey their Interest^ therein to other person or persons or by their last [Will1] doe devise the same or by their deaths such Estates do descend to theire Heires whereby the Clerk of the Crowne of the said Court is rendred uncapable to disceme where such Interest lyes until the person or persons to whom such Estates are conveyed devised or descended shall come into the said Court and make entry of such their claime as aforesaid be it therefore hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Clerk of the Crowne of the said Court for the time being nor any succeeding Clerke there shall inctirr any penalty mentioned in this Act for issueing processe against any person or persons who shall not upon every purchase of the 'Fide of such Felons Goods and Deodandf inrol and plead the same purchase in the said Court nor against any Devisee of the like Estate who shall not likewise inroll or plead such Devise nor against any Heire who shall not in like manner inroll his or her right by descent to the same and until after such pleas have been allowed of and approved by the said Court nor whereby any inquest of any Coroner or Coroners the goods of any Felon or Felons or Deodandf shall be by such inquest not found to be in the hands of such Purchaser Devisee or Heire or their respective Officer or Officers in trust for them respectively.

And whereas it is agreeable to justice that Proceedingf to Outlaries in Criminal Causes should be as publick and notorious as in Civil Causes because the consequences to persons outlawed in Criminal Causes are more fatal and dangerous to them and their posterities then in any other causes be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That upon the issueing of any Exigent out of any of Their Majesties Courts against any person or persons for any Criminal matter before Judgment or Conviction there shall (*) issue [out '] a Writt of Proclamation beareing the same test and returne to the Sheriff or Sherifff of (4) County City or Towne Corporate where the person or persons in the Record of the said Proceedingf is or are mencrined to be or inhabit according to the forme of the Statute made in the One and thirtieth yeare of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth of blessed memory which Writt of Proclamation shall be delivered to the said Sheriff or Sherifff three months before the returne of the same.

[Provided always and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That this Act shall continue and be in force for three years from the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety three and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and no longer.5]

Rot. Par/, pt. 5. nu. 5.

Laws against Game not hereby repealed to be executed.

II.

Constable by Warrant from a Justice may search Houses of suspected Persons as by 3&4(3)W. & M. c. 10.

If Hare, &c. be found, and Owner not giving good Account, to be convicted by a Justice

Penalty.

Distress.

CHAPTER XXIIL

An Act for the more easie discoverie and conviction of such as shall destroy the Game of this Kingdome

WHEREAS diverse good and necessary Laws have been heretofore made for the better preservation of the Game notwithstanding which Laws or for want of the due execucon thereof the Game of this Kingdome hath been very much destroyed by many idle persons who afterwards betake themselves to Robberies Burglaries or other like offences and neglect theire lawfull imploymentf. For remedy whereof and the more effectual preservation of the Game be it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That all and every Law and Statute now in force for the better preservation of the Game and every article and thing in them contained and not herein and hereby altered or repealed shall be duely put in execucon according to the tenor of the said Laws and under the penalties therein contained to be raised levied and disposed of as in and by the said Laws are directed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the more easie conviction of such Offenders as by the said Laws are prohibited every Constable Headborough and Tythingman being thereunto authorized by Warrant of one or more Justice of the Peace under his or their hands and seales shall and may have full power and authority and is hereby required to enter into and search (in such manner and with such power as in and by An Act for the more effectual discovery and punishment of Deer Stealers made in the Third and Fourth yeares of Their present Majesties Reigne is provided in case of Venison or Skin of any Deer or Toyles) the House or Houses Outhouses or other places belonging to such Houses of suspeded persons not qualified as aforesaid And in case any Hare Partridge Phesant Pidgeon Fish Fowle or other Game shall (upon such search or otherwise) be found the Offender shall be carried before some Justice of Peace of the same County Riding or Division And if such person doe not give a good account how hee came by such Hare Partridge Pheasant Pidgeon Fish Fowle or other Game such as shall satisfie the said Justice or else shall not in some convenient time to be sett by the said Justice produce the party of whom hee bought the same or some other credible person to depose upon oath such sale thereof that then such person not giving such good account nor produceing [any6] such Witnesse as aforesaid shall be convicted by the said Justice of such Offence and upon such Conviction shall forfeit for every Hare Partridge Phesant Pidgeon Fish Fowle or other Game any sum not under five shillingf and not exceeding [the sume of6] twenty shillingf to be ascertained by the said Justice one moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer and the other moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence was comitted the same to be levied by distresse and sale of the Offenders goods by warrant under the hand and seale of the Justice before whom the Offender shall be convicted rendring the overplus if any be And for want of distresse the Offender or Offenders

‘ Wills 0. * alsoe O.

5 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* 0. omits.

4 the O.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.23.

415

shall be comitted to the House of Corredion for any time not exceeding one month and not lesse then ten days there to be whipt and kept to Hard Labour And in case any person or persons not qualified by the Laws of this Realme so to do shall have keep or use any Bows Greyhoundf Setting Dogs Ferrittf Coney Dogs Hayes Lurchers Nettf Tunnels Lowbels Hare-Pipes Snares or any other Instrumentf for destruction of Fish Fowle or other Game and shall be thereof convicted upon such evidence as aforesaid the person or persons so convicted shall forfeit and be subject to the same pains and penalties as are hereby directed to be inflicted upon the person or persons who shall be found to have any Hare, Partridge Phesant Pidgeon Fish Fowle or other Game as aforesaid and if any person or persons so produced or charged with the said Offence shall not before the same Justice give such evidence of his innocence as aforesaid he shall be convicted thereof in the same manner as the person or persons first charged therewith is hereby directed to be and soe from person to person until the first Offender shall be discovered.

And to the end all Keepers and Gamekeepers mentioned in and duely authorized according to the Ad made in the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second may be indempnified in the execucon of the said Office be it enacted that all Lords of Manors or other Royalties or any person or persons authorized by them as Game-keepers shall and may within their respective Manors or Royalties oppose and resist such Offender in the night time in the same manner and be equally indempnifyed for soe doeing as if such fad had been comitted within any ancient Chase Parke or Warren inclosed whatsoever.

And whereas diverse idle disorderly and mean persons have and keep Nets Angles Leaps Piches and other Engines for the takeing and killing of Fish out of the Pondf Waters Rivers and other Fisheries to the damage of the Owners thereof be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid That no person or persons whatsoever shall and may att any time or times from and after the Five and twentieth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three have or keep any Net Angle Leap Piche or other Engine for the takeing of Fish (other then the Makers and Sellers thereof for their better conveniency in the sale of the same And other then the Owner [& '] Occupier of [any1] River or Fishery for the time being) And moreover that it shall and may be lawfull not onely for the Owner or Occupier of any River or Fishery and alsoe for all and every other person and persons by him or them for that purpose appointed to seize detaine and keep to his and their owne use and uses all and every Net Angle Leap Piche and other Engine which he or they shall find used or laid or in the custody or possession of any person or persons whatsoever [fishing in any River or Fishery whatsoever'] without the consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof but alsoe for any person or persons whatsoever (being thereunto authorized by Warrant under the hand and seale of any Justice of the Peace of the same Count)' Division Burrough Towne Corporate or any other place in the day time) to search the houses outhouses or other places of any person or persons hereby prohibited to have or keep the same as shall be supe&ed to have or keep in his or their custody or possession any Nett Angle Leap Piche or other Engine aforesaid and the same and every or any of them to seize detaine and keep to his and their owne use and uses or otherwise to cutt in peices or destroy as things by this Act prohibited to be kept by persons of their degree.

Provided always that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to abridge any Fisherman or his Apprentice or Apprentices lawfully authorized to fish in Navigable Rivers or Waters with lawfull nets and engines but that every of them shall and may (according to the laws and orders made and to be made and settled for the good order rule and government of such Navigable Rivers and Waters use the trade of Fishing as they lawfully might have done before the makeing of this Act any thing in this Act contained to the contrary [in any wise1] notwithstanding.

And whereas diverse Offenders duely convicted do comonly peure Writtf of Certiorari to remove such convidions into superiour Courts att Westminster in hopes thereby to discourage and weary out such persons injured by great delays expences and incertainties be it therefore enacted That no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any conviction made or other proceeding of for or concerning any matter or thing in this Act unlesse the partie or parties against whom such conviction shall be made shall before the allowance of such Certiorari become bound to the person or persons prosecuteing in the sum of Fifty pounds with such sufficient Sureties as the [Justice or'] Justices

of the Peace before whom such Offender was convicted shall think fitt with condition to pay unto the said

Prosecutors (within one month after such conviction confirmed or Procedendo granted) their full Costs and Charges to be ascertained upon their Oaths And that in default thereof it shall be lawfull for the said Justice and Justices and others to proceed to the due execucon of such conviction in such manner as if no Certiorari had been awarded. Provided That where any Offender shall be punished by force of this Act (J) hee shall not be prosecuted nor incurr the penalty of any other Law or Statute for the same Offence.

Provided [alwaics1] That if any Action Bill Plaint or Suite shall att any time after the said Five and twentieth day of March be comenced or brought against any person or persons whatsoever for or by reason of any matter

or thing which hee or they shall doe in pursuance of this Act it shall and may be lawfull to and for the person

or persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the General Issue and give this Act or any other special matter in evidence And if the Verdi# shall passe with the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or the Plaintiff or Plaintifff become nonsuit or suffer any [discontinuance4] thereof that in [anyj] such case such Defendant or Defendants shall have his or their treble costs which he or they shall have sustained in defence of such Action or Suit for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like remedy as in other cases where costs by the Laws of this Realme are given to the Defendants.

If no Distress, Imprisonment, &c. Unqualified Person having Greyhounds, &c.

Penalty.

How convicted.

III.

Gamekeepers authorized by 22 ic 23 Car. II. c.25. § 2. may oppose Persons in the Night.

IV.

Persons not Owners of Fisheries, not to keep Nets, &c.

Owner of Fishery may seize Nets, &c. used in his Fishery, and Persons authorized by him or other Persons by Warrant may search for Nets, and seize and dispose of them.

V.

Proviso for Fishermen, See. lawfully authorized.

VI.

No Certiorari on Conviction, except Party convicted give O Security to pay Costs.

No double Penalty.

VII.

In Actions for executing Act,

General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

1 interlined on the Roll. * a 0. * that O.

4 discountenance, in King's Printer's Copy. 5 every O.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.23, 24.

VIII. Inferior Tradesmen, &c. hunting.

Penalties, and Trespass also lies.

And whereas great mischiefs doe ensue by inferiour Tradesmen Apprenticf and other dissolute persons neglecting their Trades and Employmentf who follow Hunting Fishing and other Game to the ruine of themselves and damage of their Neighbours For Remedy whereof Be it enacted by the authority" aforesaid That if any such person as aforesaid shall presume to hunt hawke fish or fowle (unlcsse in company with the Master of such Apprentice duely qualified by law) such person or persons shall be subject to the penalties of this Act and shall or may be sued and prosecuted for their wilfull Trespasse in such their comcing on any persons land and if found guilty thereof the plaintiffe shall not only recover his damages thereby sustained but his full Costs of suit Any former law to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.

Burning Ling, &c. upon Heaths.

Penalty.

[Provided always and be it enacted That for the better preserving the red and black Game of Growse comonly called Heath Cocks or Heath Poltf no person whatsoever on any Mountaines Hills Heaths Moors Forestf Chases or other Wastf shall presume to burne between the second day of February and Twenty fourth of June any Grig Ling Heath Furz Gosse or Feme upon pain that the offender or offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction for any tyme not exceeding one month and not lesse then ten days there to be whipt and kept to hard labour.1 ]

Rot. Parl. pt. 5.

nu. 6.

13,14Car.II. c.20. continued for Seven Years.

II.

18 Car. II. c. 5. continued by 25 Car. II. c. 8. § I. and revived by 1 Jac. II. c. 7. continued for Seven Years.

III.

22,23 Car.II. c. 22. revived by I Jac. II. c.17. § 11. made perpetual.

IV.

Oath to be given upon return of Estreats.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Act for reviving cotinuing and explaining several Laws therein mentioned [that1] are expired and neare

expiring

WHEREAS diverse temporary Laws which by experience have been found useful and beneficial are neer expireing and some of them are already expired Therefore for continuing and reviving the same and explaining certaine Doubts hereafter menebned. Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That an Act made in the Session of Parliament held in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth yeares of the Reigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for provideing Carriages by Land and by Water for the use of His [Majesties3] Navy and Ordnance which was thereby to have continuance and be in force until the end of the first Session of the next Parliament and no longer which said Act being expired was by one Act made in the first yeare of the late King James revived and was enacted to have continuance dureing the space of seven yeares from the foure and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty five and from thence to the end of the first session of Parliament then next ensueing shall be and is hereby continued and shall be in force dureing the space of seaven yeares from the thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and from thence to the end of the first Session of Parliament then next ensueing and no longer.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That an Act made in the eighteenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles the second entituled An Act for encourageing of Coynage and continued by another Act made in the Five and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of the said late King Charles entituled An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Coynage both which [said3] Aftf were revived by an Act made in the first yeare of the Reigne of the late King James and were enacted to have continuance for the space of seven yeares to comence from the first day of August One thousand six hundred eighty five and until the end of the first Session [of3] Parliament then next following shall be and are by virtue of this Act continued and shall be in force for the space of seaven yeares from the thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and from thence to the end of the first Session of Parliament then next following and no longer.

And whereas an Act of Parliament was made in the Session holden in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth yeares of the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for the better and more certaine recovery of Fines and Forfeiture due to his Majestie Which said Act by an Act made in the first yeare of the Reigne of the late King James the Second was revived and enacted to be in force from the nineteenth day of May in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred eighty five and to have continuance for the space of seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament And whereas the same hath been found by experience to bee a good and useful Law and much conduceing to the Service of the Crowne Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Act and every Article Clause and Thing therein contained shall be in force and is hereby made perpetual.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from henceforth all Clerkf of the Court of Kings Bench Clerkf of the Court of Comon Pleas Clerkf of Assize Clerkf of the Peace Towne Clerkf Clerkf of Sewers Clerkf of the Markettf and others to whom it belongeth to make Returns of Estreatf into the Court of Exchequer shall upon delivery in of all and every such Estreat and Estreats take the Oath following that is to say.

1 Thi? Proviso is annexed in a separate Schedule to the Original Act.

* which 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gu l. & Ma r. c. 24.

417

YOU shall sweare That these Estreatf now by you delivered are truely & carefully made upp and examined and that all Fines Issues Amerciamentf Recognizancf and Forfeitures which were sett lost imposed or forfeited and in right and due course of Law ought to be estreated in the Court of Exchequer are to the best of your knowledge and understanding therein contained And that in the same Estreatf are alsoe contained and expressed all such Fines as have been paid into the Court from which the said Estreatf are made without any wilfull or fraudulent Discharge Omission Misnomer or Defeat whatsoever So help you God

Which said Oath the Barons of the Court of Exchequer or any of them are and is hereby required and impowered to administer from time to time accordingly.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That an Act made att the Session of Parliament holden in the sd two and twentieth and three and twentieth years of the Reigne of (') King Charles the Second entituled An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England and for regulateing the Plantation Trade which by an Act made in the First yeare of the late King James was enacted to have continuance from the First day of the then p*sent Session of Parliament for seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament shall by virtue of this Act; continue and [shall1] be in force for the space of seaven yeares from the said Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament

And be it further enacted That an Act made in the nineteenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for assigneing Orders in the Exchequer without revocation which Act in the first yeare of the Reigne of the late King James the Second was enacted to be in force from the first day of the then present Session of Parliament and to continue for seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliam' is hereby continued and shall be in force for the space of seven yeares from the thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament.

And whereas an Act made att the Section of Parham': holden in the said two and twentieth and three and twentieth yeares of the Reigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled An Act to revive an Act entituled An Act to prevent the disturbance of Seamen and others and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesties Navy Royal with some alterations and additions was by an Act made in the first yeare of the late King James the Second enacted to be in force from the first day of the then present Session of Parliament for seven yeares and from thence to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament. Be it enacted That the said last mencoed Act be continued and shall be in force for the space of Seven yeares from the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament.

And whereas an Act was made att the said Session of Parliament held in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth yeares of the Reigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled An Act to prevent Fraudf in the buying and selling of Cattell in Smithfeild and elsewhere which was thereby to continue in force from the Foure and twentieth day of June one thousand six hundred seventy one and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament And whereas the said Act being expired was afterwards by an Act made in the first yeare of the Reigne of the late King James the Second enacted to be in force from the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five for seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament Neverthelesse it was thereby provided That neither the said Act nor any thing therein contained should extend to Salesmen or Factors impioyed by Farmers or Feeders. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Act together with the said Proviso shall continue and be in force for the space of Seven yeares from the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and from thenc unto the end of the next Session of Parliament and no longer.

And be it further enacted That an Act made in the First yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wooll and encourageing the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom and every Clause Article and Thing therein contained (other then and except such part of the said Act as relates to the Free Exportacbn of the Woollen Manufacture) shall be and is hereby continued and shall be in force for the terme of three yeares from the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and noe longer. [Provided always that no Wooll shall be imported from the Kingdom of Ireland into the Port of Exeter Any thing in this [Aft1] or in any former Act Statute or ^vision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.J]

And whereas an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteeenth yeares of the Reigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for the better relief of the Poor of this Kingdom was enacted to have continuance (except what related to the Corporations therein mencoed and thereby constituted) until the nine and twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred sixty five and from thence to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament which said Act by an Act made in the First yeare of the Reigne of the late King James (except as to what related to the Corporacftns therein mencoed and constituted thereby) was enacted to be in force from the first day of May One thousand six hundred eighty five and so to continue for the space of seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament the said last mencoed Act (as to what (4) related to the settlement of the poor) was enacted to be in force from the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety one but no provision was thereby made

1 the said 0.

1 interlined on the Roll. 3 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 4 therein 0.

V.

22 8c 23 Car. 11. c. 26. continued by i Jac.ll. c.17. § 13. continued for Seven Years.

VI.

19 Car. II. c. 12. continued by 1 Jac. II. c. 17. § 9.

continued for Seven Years.

VII.

22 & 23 Car. II. c. 23. continued by 1 Jac. II. c. 17.§ 12. continued for Seven Years.

VIII.

22 & 23 Car. II. c. 19. continued by 1 Jac. II. c, 17.§ 10. recontinued for Seven Years, together with the said § xo.

IX.

i W. & M. Scss. 1. c. 32. continued for Three Years.

Wool not to be imported from Ireland to Exeter.

X.

13 & 14Car.lI.

c. 12. continued by 1 Jac. 11, c. 17. § i-

and continued by

3 W. & M. c.n.fc i*

Recital that by 3 W. Sc M. c. 11. no Provision is made for the Continuance of other Acts herein mentioned.

4° Gul. & Mar. c.24.

A.D. 1692.

13 & 14 Car. II. c. 12.

(Exception)

continued for Seven Years.

XI.

30Car. II. Stat. 1. c. 7. continued by 1 Jac.ll. c.17. §»4* made perpetual.

XU.

Devastavit lies against Executors, or Administrators of Executors, or Administrators by Right.

XIII. Recital of 3 W. & M c.9. §6.

Women to have Benefit of Clergy once only.

XIV.

3 W. & M. c. 9. continued for Three Years.

XV.

13 & 14 Car. II. c. 33. continued by 1 Jac.II. c.17. §1 continued for One Year.

XVI. Recital that 16 & 17 Car. II. c. 3. is expired. Jurors to have

per Annum. Exception.

Jurors in Wales £6. per Annum.

Such Persons liable to serve.

for continueing of diverse other parts of the said Act which by experience are found to be useful and beneficial [to '] the publick. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Act for the better relief of the Poor of

this Kingdom as to all parts thereof not mencoed and continued in and by the said Act made in the last Session

of this present Parliament (other then and except what relates to the Corporacbns menfoed in the said Act for the better relief of the Poor of this Kingdom and thereby constituted) shall be continued and shall be in force

for the space of seven yeares from the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and

from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and no longer.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That an Act made in the Thirtieth yeare of the Reigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act to enable Creditors to recover their debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors in their owne wrong Which said Act in the First yeare of the Reigne of the late King James the Second was enacted to be in force from the First (1) of the then present Session of Parliament and to continue for Seven yeares and from thence to the end of the first Session of the then next Parliament shall be and is hereby continued and made perpetual.

And forasmuch as it hath been a doubt whether the said Act did extend to any Executor or Executors

Administrator or Administrators of any Executor or Administrator of Right who for want of privity in Law were

not before answerable nor could be sued for the debts due from or by the first Testator or Intestate notwithstanding that such Executors or Administrators had wasted the Goods and Estate of the first Testator or Intestate or converted the same to his or their owne use. For remedy whereof Be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That all and every the Executor and Executors Administrator or Administrators of such Executor or Administrator of right who shall [wast3] or convert to his owne use Goods Chattels or Estate of his Testator or Intestate shall from henceforth be liable and chargeable in the same manner as his or their Testator or Intestate should or might have been any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas by an Act made att the last Session of this present Parliament entituled An Act to take away

Clergy from some Offenders and to bring others to punishment it was enacted in cases where a man being convicted of Felony might demand the benefitt of his Clergy a Woman convicted for such like Offence anu praying the benefitt of that Statute should [not5] have judgment of death given against her upon such conviction or execucon awarded upon any Outlary for such offence but should suffer the same punishment as a Man who hath the benefitt of his Clergy in the like case should suffer And whereas some doubt hath arisen upon the said Statute whether a Woman should have the benefitt thereof more then once. Be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Woman hath been or att any time hereafter shall be convicted of any Felony for which a Man might have the benefitt of Clergy and upon her prayer hath once had or hereafter shall once have the benefitt of the said Statute and shall be again convicted of any other Felony for which a Man might have the benefitt of his Clergy such Woman shall be and is hereby totally excluded from having any benefitt or advantage of the said Statute but shall suffer pains of death in such and the same manner as if the said Statute had not been made.

And be it further enacted That the said last mentioned Act shall continue and in force for the space of three yeares from the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and noe longer.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That an Act made att the Session of arliament holden in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth yeares of the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for preventing abuses in printing seditious tresonable and unlicensed Books and Pamphletf and for regulateing Printing and Printing Presses which was by an Act made in the First yeare of the [ Raigne of the3] late King James revived and enacted to have continuance from the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five for the space of seven years and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Act be continued and (4) be in force for the space of one yeare from the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety two and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and noe longer.

And whereas a certaine Act made att the Session of Parliament held in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth years of the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for returning of able and sufficient Jurors is expired Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Jurors (other then Strangers upon Tryals per medietatem [Lingue5]) who are to be returned for Tryals of Issues joyned in any of the Courts of Kings Bench Comon Pleas and Exchequer or before Justices of Assize or Nisi Prius Oyer and Terminer Goal Delivery or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace from and after the First day of May one thousand six hundred ninety three in any County of this Realme of England shall every of them have in their owne name or in trust for them within the same County Ten pounds by the yeare att least above reprizes of Freehold or Copyhold Lands or Tenementf or of Lands and Tenementf of Ancient Demesne or in Rents or in all or any of the said Lands Tenementf or Rents in Fee Simple Fee Tale or for the Life of themselves or some other person And that in every County of the Dominion of Wales every such Juror shall then have within the same County Six pounds by the year att least in manner aforesaid above reprizes All which persons haveing such Estates as aforesaid are hereby enabled and made liable to be returned and serve as Jurors for the tryal of Issues before the Courts and Justices aforesaid Any Law or

1 for O.

J day 0.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* shall 0.

5 Linguae 0.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 24, 25.

419

Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. And if any of a lesser Estate and Value shall be respectively returned upon any such Jury it shall be a good cause of challenge and the party returned shall be discharged upon the said challenge or upon his owne Oath of the truth of the said matter And that no Jurymans Issues makeing default shall be saved but by special Order of the Court or Judges before whom the Issue is to be tried for some reasonable cause proved upon Oath before the same Court or Judges And all such Issues shall be duely estreated and levied And the Writ of Venire facias which from and after the time aforesaid shall be awarded and directed for the impannelling of Juries in [cases1] aforesaid within any County of England shall be after this Form.

|^EX &c precipimus &c quod venire fac* coram &c Duodecem liberos & legales homines de Vicineto de A.

quor* quilibet habeat Decern librat' Terre Tenementor* vel Redditum per Annum ad minus per quos &c. & qui nec &c.

And the residue of the said writ shall be after the ancient manner And that the Writtf [which1] shall be awarded and directed for the returning of Juries within the Dominion of Wales shall be made in the same manner altering only the Word Decern for Sex And that upon every such Writt or Writtf of Venire facias the Sheriff Coroner and other Ministers of each respective County in England and Wales unto whom the makeing of the Pannell shall appertaine shall not retume in any such Pannell any Person unlesse hee shall then have Ten Pounds or Six Pounds respectively by the yeare att least as aforesaid in the same County where the issue is to be tried upon paine to forfeit for every Person being returned in any such Pannel that shall not then have Ten Pounds or Six Pounds respectively as aforesaid the sum of Five Pounds to their Majesties their Heirs and Successors.

And be it further enacted That noe Sheriff or Bailiff of any Liberty or Franchise or any of their or either of their Ministers shall retume any such Person or Persons as aforesaid to have been summoned by them or any of them unlesse such Person and Persons shall have been duely sumoned by the space of Six days att the least before the day on which they ought to make their appearance nor shall directly or indirectiy take money or other Reward to excuse the appearance of any Juror by any of them to be sumoned or returned upon paine to forfeit for every such Offence the sum of Ten Pounds to their Majesties their Heirs and Successors.

Saving neverthelesse to all Cities Boroughs and Towns Corporate their ancient usage of returning Jurors of such Estate and in such manner as heretofore has been used and accustomed Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse That it shall be lawfull to retume any Person to serve upon the Tales in any County within the Kingdom of England who shall have within the same County Five Pounds by the yeare above Reprizes in manner aforesaid and not otherwise.

Provided neverthelesse That it shall be lawfull to retume any Person to serve upon the Tales in any County within the Dominion of Wales who shall have within the same County Three Pounds by the yeare above Reprizes in manner aforesaid and not otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall bee taken by any Sheriff Clerk of Assizes or any other Officer or Person whatsoever for the returneing of any Tales or upon the account of any Tales returned upon paine of forfeiture for every such Offence the sum of Ten Pounds whereof one moiety to be to the use of the Prosecutor and the other moiety to the use of Their Majesties their Heires and Successors to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon wherein noe Essoign Protection or Wager of Law or more then one Imparlance shall be allowed.

And be it further enacted That noe Writt de non ponendis in Assissis et Juratis shall be hereafter granted unlesse upon Oath made that the suggestions upon which the said Writt is granted are true.

And be it enacted that soe much of this present Act as does relate to the returning of Ju^>rs shall be in force for the space of three yeares from the said first day of May One thousand six hundred ninety three and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Act for continuing the Aftf for prohibiting all Trade and Comerce with France and for the encouragement

of Privateers

WHEREAS an Act made in the first yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Comerce with France And also another Act made in the second yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for the more effectual putting in execucon an Act entituled An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Comerce with France will expire att the end of this present Session of Parliament unlesse some Provision bee made in that behalfe Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled

' causes, in King's Printer's Copy.

* interlined on the Roll.

Challenge of less Estate.

Issues to be duly estreated.

Form of Venire.

Sheriff otherwise returning ; Penalty £y

XVII.'

Sheriff returning without Six Days Summons, or excusing for Reward

Penalty £10.

XVIII.

Proviso for Boroughs, See.

XIX.

Proviso for Talesmen of

XX. Welsh Tales £$. per Annum.

XXI. Officer taking Fee for returning any Tales.

Penalty £10.

XXII.

Non ponend* grantable upon Oath only.

XXIII. Continuance of A&. as to Return of Jurors.

Ret. Pari. pt. 5.

n«.7.

1 W. & M. Sesf. t.

c- 34*

2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 14. continued for Three Years.

/l.l). 1692.

II.

Prizes to be put into the Commissioners Hands till judged Prize.

Bail may be given for perishable Goods.

III.

When Ship adjudged Prize, Goods prohibited to be imported to be put in the King's Warehouse.

IV.

Prize Goods to be

Notice of Sale.

V.

Proceeds subject to Payment of Custom and then divided as herein mentioned.

Proceedings as to such Proceeds where Prize taken by Privateer.

VI.

Proviso as to Division of the Crew's Share of such Proceeds.

4" Gul. & Ma k . c. 25.

and by the Authority of the same that the said two A&f and every Clause Article Matter and Thing in them contained except what is altered and otherwise provided for by this present Act shall continue and be in force dureing the terme of three yeares if the present warr with France shall soe long last to be accounted from the end of this present Session of Parliament and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament after the expiration of the said three yeares.

And whereas it would much tend to the annoying and damageing their Majesties Enemies and to the better secureing the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom if greater numbers of Ships were equipp'd and set out in warlike manner by their Majesties Subjedf To which end it is requisite that all fitting encouragement should be given to all Merchantf Owners and Setters out of and all the Officers Marriners and Seamen edmanding and serving in any private Man of Warr for the seizeing surprizeing and takeing of Ships and Vessels belonging to their Majesties Enemies yet neverthelesse effectual provision ought alsoe to bee made that under pretence of Prize Goods noe evil minded Persons may by collusion carry on any Trade with France contrary to the true intent of the before mentioned A&f Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid that all Ships and Vessels with their ladingf and all Goods and Merchandizes that shall be taken or seized as Prize either by their Majesties Ships of Warr or by any Ships sett forth as Privateers or otherwise shall be imported and brought into some of their Majesties Ports of this Kingdom and immediately without breakeing of Bulk put into the possession of their Majesties Commissioners for Prizes or their Officers or Agents in the said Port who together with two or more such Persons as the Officers or Mariners of the respective Ships shall intrust and alsoe such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Cdmissioners of the Customs in that behalfe are to take care of and preserve the

same from imbezelmentf until such time as the same shall be adjudged lawfull Prize [except where it shall appear

to the Judge of the Admiralty that the Goods taken are perishable in which case the said Judge shall take Bail

for such Goods in order to the sale thereof as hee might have done before the makeing of this AQl yet so as to

be subject to such manner of sale and distribution as is particularly provided by this Act.1]

And be it further enacted That notwithstanding any thing in the before menconed Acts or either of them contained if any Goods Merchandizes or other Tliingf which by the said A6tf or either of them are prohibited to be imported into the Kingdom of England or Ireland Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed or Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sark or Isle of Man shall be really and bona fide without any manner of fraud or collusion taken as Prize by any private Ships of Warr duely commissioned in that behalfe or by any of their Majesties Ships of Warr and shall be adjudged good and lawfull Prize as aforesaid it shall be lawfull for their Majesties Comissioners for Prises or their Officers or Agents in the same Port as soon as may be after that the same shall be adjudged Prize as aforesaid to cause the said Goods or Comodities to be entred and to bee landed and brought into their Majesties Warehouse of such Port where such Goods or Merchandizes shall bee imported there to remaine and to bee safely and entirely kept and preserved until the same shall be sold in manner as hereafter is directed.

And be it further enacted that as soon as conveniently may bee after the said Goods Merchandizes or other things shall bee adjudged Prize and landed as aforesaid the same shall be by the Commissioners for Prizes or their

Officers or Agents in the Presence of such Persons as shall be intrusted by the Comissioners of the Customs

and by the Owners Officers and Mariners of such Shipp of Warr publicly and openly sold by Inch of Candle to the best advantage (publick notice being first given by the space of fourteen days att the Markett Crosse or other most publick place of the said Port as alsoe upon the Exchange in the Port of London of the Quantity or Quality of the Goods Merchandizes and Things to be sold and of the time and place of sale.

And be it further enacted that out of the proceed of such sale the subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage and all other Duties and Impositions payable to their Majesties for such Goods Merchandizes and Things shall be deduced and answered to their Majesties and the neat proceed of the said sale after such deductions in case where such Prize was taken by any private Man of Warr shall be divided into five parts of which foure parts shall be answered (*) to the Persons [interested3] in the Privateer or Privateers which took the said Prize and the other

fifth part shall be answered and paid to their Majesties their Heirs and Successors And in case any such Prize

was taken by any private Man of Warr the Shipp or Vessell so surprized or taken as Prize and all the Arms Amunition Tackle Cables Anchors Sails and Furniture thereof shall bee had taken and enjoyed by the Persons [interested3] in the private Man of Warr which took the same And in case such Prize was taken by any of their

Majesties Ships of Warr the said neat proceed thereof after such sale as aforesaid and after the Duties and Impositions

payable to their Majesties deducted as aforesaid shall be divided into three equal parts one third part whereof shall

be answered and paid to the Commander or Captaine Mariners and Seamen surprizeing and takeing the same to

be distributed according to the usual Custom of the Sea for shareing of Prizes or such declaracons or orders as have been or shall bee made by their Majesties in that behalfe.

Provided that one third part thereof shall be distributed amongst the Ships Crew one third part to bee paid to the Treasurer of their Majesties Navy for relief of sick and wounded Mariners and Seamen and the Widows Children and impotent Parents of Persons slaine in their Majesties Service att Sea and the other third part to the use of their Majesties their Heires and Successors And in case such Prize was taken by any Merchant Shipp or Shipps employed in their Majesties Service the neat proceed thereof after such sale as aforesaid and after the Duties Impositions and Customs to their Majesties deducted as aforesaid shall be divided into three equal parts one

1 This Exception is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

2 and paid 0.

9 interressed O.

421

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 25.

third part to be answered and paid to the Captaine Officers Mariners and Seamen surprizeing and takeing the same one third part to the use of their Majesties their Heire and Successors and the other third part shall bee paid to the Tresurer of their Majesties Navy for the time being to be disposed of for the purposes aforesaid.

Provided always and be it enacted that if any Captains or other Officers Mariners or Seamen who shall take such Prize or Prizes as aforesaid shall imbezel purloine conceal or convey away or put on shore or cause or procure to be imbezelled purloined concealed or conveyed away or put on shore any part or parcell of such Goods or Merchandizes in any place whatsoever other then their Majesties Warehouses of the said Ports as aforesaid such Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the whole share benefitt and advantage which otherwise hee might or ought to have had in the Prize whereof the Goods & Merchandizes so imbezelled concealed or conveyed away or put on shore were part or parcel upon proof thereof made by one or more witnesses upon Oath before the Comissioners of the Customs in the Port of London (if such Goods and Merchandizes shall bee so imbezelled or put on shore in the said Port or in any place within the view or knowledge of any of the Officers of their Majesties Customs belonging to the Port of London) and before the chief Magistrate of the place in the presence of the chief Officer of the Port in any other Port where such Prize Goods shall be imported which Oath the said Comissioners of the Customs in the Port of London and the chief Magistrate respectively are hereby required and impowered to administer and to heare and determine the said Matter without delay And one moiety of the said Wares and Merchandizes shall be to the use of the informer and shall be delivered to him by Warrant of the said Comissioners of the Customs in the Port of London or of the chief Magistrate of the place signed and sealed in the presence of the chief Officer of the Customs in such Port respectively and the other moiety shall be to the use of their Majesties their Heires and Successors.

And it is hereby further enacted that any Person Seaman or other concerned in any Prize shall and may att any seasonable time be permitted to see and peruse the accomptf of any Prize that hee or they may bee satisfied whether the shares have been rightly distributed and the Commissioners for Prizes and their Officers are hereby required to shew or cause to be shewn unto such Person or Persons such accounts for their perusal and to take no more Fee or Reward for the same then one shilling for one account att one time.

And be it further enacted that in case any Shipp or Vessell or any Goods or Merchandizes of the growth product or manufacture of the Dominions or Territories of the French King shall be taken by any Privateer through consent or clandestinely or by collusion such Ship and Vessel and such Goods and Merchandizes and alsoe the Shipp Tackle Apparel Furniture and Ammunition of such Privateer shall upon proof thereof to bee made in their Majesties Court of Exchequer or in the Court of Admiralty be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to their Majesties and one moiety thereof shall bee to the use of their Majesties their Heires and Successors and the other moiety to the use of such Person who shall discover the same and the Bond given by the Captaine of such Privateer shall be and is hereby adjudged to be forfeited to their Majesties And in case any such Shipp Vessel or any Goods or Merchandizes as aforesaid shall be taken by any Man of Warr through consent clandestinely or by collusion of the Comander or Captaine such Comander or Captaine shall forfeit the sum of One thousand Pounds one moiety-*thereof to the use of their Majesties their Heires and Successors and the other moiety to the use of such Person who shall discover the same to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record wherein noe essoign protection priveledge or wager of Law nor any more then one imparlance shall be allowed and such Captaine or Officer shall forfeit his Command or Imployment and shall be and is hereby disabled and made incapable of any Office or Imployment under their Majesties dureing the space of seven yeares And the said Goods and Merchandize and the Shipp Tackle Apparel Furniture

Guns and Ammunition so taken by collusion shall be and is hereby adjudged to bee good Prize to their

Majesties.

Provided always and be it further enacted that in all cases where the said Prize shall not be taken by any private Man of Warr one tenth part thereof after such sale and deduction of their Majesties Customs as aforesaid [and before any division of the pceed thereof shall bee made as aforesaid'] shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being which said tenth part shall be separated and kept apart by the said Tresurer of the Navy and shall be disposed of from time to time by Warrant of the Comissioners for executeing the Office of Lord High Admiral or Lord High Admiral for the time being for Medals and other Rewardf for Officers Mariners and Seamen in their Majesties Service att Sea who shall be found to have done any signal or extraordinary Service.

And for the better encouragement of Officers Seamen and Mariners to annoy the Enemy and to attempt and take or destroy Ships of Warr and of force belonging to the Enemy Be it further enacted That in case any of their Majesties Ships of War or any private Man of War shall take in fight as Prize or shall sink fire or by any other means destroy any Shipp of Warr or any private Man of Warr belonging to the French King or his Subjects or in the Service of the French King they shall receive and have as a reward for such Service for each

piece of Ordnance whether Iron or Brasse in any such Ship of Warr or private Man of Warr so taken or

destroyed Ten Pounds to bee paid by the Commissioners for Prizes out of their Majesties share of Prizes.

' interlined on the Roll.

5P

VII. Captains, &c. embezzling Goods, See.

Penalty.

Proof how and before whom made.

Penalty how distributed.

VIII. Person concerned in Prize to sec the Accounts.

Fee.

IX.

Privateers talcing French Ships by Collusion.

Privateer and her said Prize adjudged Prize to the Crown.

If by Man of War

Penalty ^ioooo. on Captain and Disability, and Prize adjudged Prize to the Crown.

X.

One Tenth Part of such last mentioned Prize to be disposed of by Admiralty for Medals, See.

XI.

Talcing, See. a French Ship of War.

Reward.

422

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 25.

XII.

Commissioners for Prizes not paying Reward;

Incapacity.

XIII. Shares, &c. here j^iven in lieu of Shares in Pri/.c taken in Fight, &c. 13 Car. II. Stat. 1. c. 9.

XIV. Captains, &c. embezzling Goods taken as Prize.

Penalty.

If an Officer, Penalty /£$co. and Incapacity for 7 Years,

XV.

Prizes taken in the Streights may be carried to Cadiz, &c.

XVI.

Prizes in the West Indies or America may be carried to any English Port there.

XVII.

Prizes in the East Indies, &c. to any English Port there.

XVIII.

Prize taken by Privateer, not having French Commodities, paying Customs, to go to Owner of Privateer.

XIX. Prizes taken in Ports given to their Majesties.

[Provided always and be it enacted That if the Comissioners for Prizes shall not pay any sum or sums of money or give a Bill or Bills payable out of the first money that comes to their hands to the persons interested in Private Men of Warr for the reward hereby given them of ten pounds a gun by the space of three days

after the same ought by the true intent of this Act to be paid and demand thereof made free of all Charges

Fees and Deductions whatsoever in such case the said Comissioners shall be made incapable of any Office in their Majesties Service for the future.']

And be it further enacted and declared That the shares proportions and rewardf by this Act given to the

respective Comanders Officers and Seamen shall be in lieu and full satisfaction of all shares in prizes taken in

fight as well as otherwise dureing this present Warr Any thing in an Act made in the thirteenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second entituled Articles and Ordinances for the regulateing and Government of his Majesties Navy Ships of Warr and Forces by Sea or any Declaration or Order of their Majesties to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted That if any Captaine or Officer or any other person by his comand or direction or any Seaman Soldier or other person serving in their Majesties Navy or in any Privateer shall take to him or themselves or imbezel any Money Plate Goods Lading or Tackle or other things upon or above the Gun Deck or any other part or place whatsoever in any Ship taken or seized on for Prize or retaken from the Enemy the party offending shall lose and forfeit the Shares Proportions and Rewardf to him allowed by this AS. And alsoe in case such person be an Officer hee shall forfeit the sum of Five hundred pounds (whereof one moiety shall be to their Majesties and the other moiety to him who shall sue for the same in [anyJ] of their Majesties Courts att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priveledge Wager of Law or more then one Imparlance shall be allowed) for every such offence and such Officer shall be uncapable of any Office or Imployment under their Majesties dureing the space of seven yeares It being the true intent of this AS that all Goods upon or above the Gun Deck and elsewhere shall in all places be preserved intire from Imbezelmentf and shall not be pillaged in any case whatsoever.

Provided always and be it enacted That where any Ship or Vessel shall be taken as Prize in the Mediterranean Sea or within the Straitf of Gibraltar it shall be lawfull for the Captors to carry such Ship or Vessel into the Port of Cadiz or Alicant in Spain or the Port of Messina in Sicilly or the Port of Naples and to put the same into the possession of such person or persons as is or are shall be authorized by their Majesties to receive and preserve the same there to reniaine and be kept without Imbezelment until the same shall be by the Court of Admiralty of England adjudged lawfull Prize or cleared and discharged or otherwise legally disposed of such Captors being hereby required with all possible speed to transmitt the Original Papers taken in such Shipp or Vessel or attested Copies thereof to the said Court.

And be it further enacted That where any Ship or Vessel shall be taken as Prize in the West Indies or America it shall be lawfull for the Captors to carry such Ship or Vessel into any of their Majesties ports in any of their Islands or Plantations there and to put the same into the possession of the chief Govemour of such respective Islands 01 Plantations there to remaine and bee kept as aforesaid until the same shall be condemned or discharged or otherwise lawfully disposed of as aforesaid by such persons as shall be lawfully Commissioned in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted That in case any Shipp or Vessel shall be taken as Prize in the East Indies or in any place beyond the Cape of Good Hope it shall be lawful for the Captors to carry such Shipp or Vessel into any port or place where any English Factory is established and to put the same into the possession of the Govemour or Chief Person of the said Factory to be preserved as aforesaid until Condemnation by such persons as shall be lawfully commissioned in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted That where any Ship or Vessel shall be taken as Prize by any Private Man of Warr in which Ship or Vessel there shall be noe Goods or Merchandizes of the growth production or manufacture of the Dominions of the French King and the same shall appeare upon landing thereof,as aforesaid and due proof made that then after lawfull Condemnation of such Prize and payment of Customs and other duties to theire Majesties payable for such Goods and Merchandizes the persons interested in such Private Man of War shall have the said Ship Goods and Merchandizes to their owne use without deduction for Tenths or any other part or proportion thereof payable to their Majesties or to the Lord High Admiral of England.

An d for preventing abuses pradlised by Privateers in pretending to take as Prize Ships or Vessels being within

their Majesties Ports Rivers or Havens be it enacted That where any Ship or Vessel shall be taken in any of

their Majesties Ports Havens or Rivers by any Privateer such Prize upon Condemnation thereof shall be and

belong wholly and entirely to their Majesties as a perquisite [to3] the Admiralty of England and the said Captors

to have such part or proportion thereof only as Their Majesties shall think fitt to allow.

J. DA 69 2.

4° Gul. & Mar. c. 25.

423

Provided always and be it enacted That if any Ship Vessel or Boat taken as prize or any Goods therein shall appeare and be proved in the Court of Admiralty to be belonging to any of their Majesties Subjedf of England Scotland or Ireland or any of the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging remaineing and continueing under their Majesties protection and obedience which were before taken or surprized by the Subjects of the French King or any of Their Majesties Enemies and afterwards againe surprized and retaken by any of their Majesties Ships of Warr or any Private Man of War or other Ship Vessel or Boat under their Majesties protection or obedience that then such Ships Vessels Boats and Goods and every such part and parts thereof as aforesaid belonging to such Their Majesties Subjedf shall be adjudged to be restored and shall be by Decree of the said Court of Admiralty accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners or Proprietors he or they

paying for and in lieu of Salvage if taken by one of Their Majesties Ships of Warr an eighth part of the true

value of the Ships Vessels Boats and Goods respectively so to be restored which Salvage shall be answered and paid to the Captaines Officers and Seamen in the said Man of War to be divided in such manner as before in

this Act is directed touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Captaines Officers and Seamen where Prizes

are taken by any of Their Majesties Ships of War And if taken by a Privateer or other Ship Vessel or Boat after having been in the possession of the Enemy twenty foure houres an eighth part of the true value of the said Ships Vessels Boats and Goods and if above Twenty foure houres and under Forty eight a fifth part thereof [& if above Forty eight houres Sc under Ninety six a third pte thereof'] and if above Ninety six houres a moiety thereof All which paymentf to be made to any Privateer or other Ship Vessel or Boat shall be without any deductions and if such Ship so retaken shall appeare to have been after the taking by the Enemy by them sett forth as a Man of War the former Owners or Proprietors to whom the same shall be restored shall be adjudged to pay and shall pay for Salvage the full moiety of the true value of the said Ship so taken and restored without deduction as aforesaid Any law custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted That in case att any time dureing the continuance of this Act any Boat or Vessel laden with Wool or whereupon Wool is laden with intent to transport the same contrary to Law shall be taken by any Private Man of War on due Proof thereof upon Tryal or Proceeding had in their Majesties Court of Exchequer the Persons interested in such Private Man of War shall have to their owne use one full Moiety of the said Vessel and Goods the other Moiety to be to the use of their Majesties their Heires and Successors Any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

And to prevent all pretence of Ignorance of the Matters contained in this Act by any Captains Officers or Seamen serving in any of Their Majesties Ships of War or Private Ships of War the Lord High Admiral or Comissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being is and are hereby required to expresse all things by this Act directed to be observed concerning Prizes and the Shares Proportions and Rewards of and for the same in the Instructions by them from time to time given dureing the continuance of this Act to all Captains and Comanders of any of Their Majesties Ships of War and to all Commanders of any Private Ship of War by them authorized dureing that time.

And for the incouragement of such persons duely authorized by the Comissioners of Their Majesties Customs as shall make discovery and seize any Goods of the Growth Manufacture or Product of France imported into any of their Majesties Dominions contrary to the true intent and meaning of this present Act be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all such Goods so imported and seized shall be sued for and prosecuted in their Majesties Court of Exchequer in such manner and forme as id provided by an Act made in the (*) Fourteenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for preventing of Fraudf in their Majesties Customs two thirds of the said Goods to be for the Use of their Majesties their Heires and Successors (they defraying the Charges of the Prosecution of such Goods) and One third to the Prosecutor and no composition to be made for their Majesties part upon any pretence whatsoever All the said Goods to be secured and sold in such maimer as Prize Goods are by this Act appointed to be secured and sold Any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always and be it enacted That if the Comissioners of the Prizes or Comissioners of the Customs shall detain in their liandf the Shares and Proportions belonging to the Persons interested in any Private Man of War by the space of Two days after the same ought by the true intent of this Act to be paid and demand thereof made free of all Fees Charges and Deductions [whatsoever1] except Warehouse Room and Two Pounds per Centum for all other Charges in such case the persons offending shall forfeit double the Sum so detained to be recovered together with Costs of Suit by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informaebn wherein no Essoign Protection Priveledge or Wager of Law or more then one Imparlance shall be granted.

XX.

Ship retaken from the French shall be restored to the Owner, paying certain Monies in lieu of Salvage.

Regulations as to Payment and Division of Monies in li'-u of Salvage.

XXI.

Boat or

Vessel exporting Wool taken by Privateer forfeited. How divided.

XXII. Admirals to express the Purport of this Act in their Instructions.

XXIII.

French Goods imported to be sued for as by

*3& 14(14)Car. II. c. 11.

and secured and sold as Prize Goods.

xxiv.

Commissioners of Prizes detaining Shares.

Penalty.

1 interlined on the Roll.

Thirteenth artd, in King's Printer's Copy.

424

4° Gul. & Mar.

A.D. 1692.

PRIVATE ACTf

1. An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Anthony Eyre Esqs deceased for Payment of his Debts and Portions for his Children.

2. An Act for vesting the Estate real and personal late of Henry Hawley in Trustees to be sold or otherwise disposed for the benefitt of his Daughters and Heires Susanna and Mary who are both Infantf.

3. An Act for cleareing and removeing some Doubts which may arise in an Act of Parliament entituled An Act for the vesting several Mannors Lands and Rents in the County of Lincoln Berkf and Devon in Trustees to be sold for the buying other Mannors and Lands to be settled for the same or the like Uses as those to be sold are now settled.

4. An Act to enable Sir John Wentworth Baronett an Infant under the age of One and Twenty yeares to make a Joynture out and Settlement of his Mannors and Lands in the Counties of York in the County of the City of York and Westmorland.

5. An Act for the more speedy and effectual execution of the Trust created by the Will of Sir Anthony Browne Baronett deceased and of a Decree in Chancery thereupon.

6. An Act to enable Alexander Popham Esq^ to settle a Joynture upon his Wife and to make Provision for younger Children upon Receipt of 12000': Portion to be applyed for Payment of his Debts.

7. An Act to enable Sir George Parker of Ratton in the County of Sussex Baronett to make a Settlement upon his Marriage notwithstanding his Minority.

8. An Act to enable William Wake Gent, and William Wake Doctor in Divinity to make Leases for Lives or Yeares within the Manor of Shapwick in the County of Dorsett.

9. An Act for the rectifying a mistake in a certaine Act of this present Parliament passed in the yeare 1691 entituled An Act to vest certaine Lands of William Molineux Gent, in Trustees for raiseing the sum of 2000': for paying the Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery.

10. An Act for the enabling Sir William Mannock Baronett to charge his Estate for the raiseing his younger Children portions.

11. An Act for the settling the Mannor of Kings Noth for the enableing Barnham Powel Esq^ to make provision for his younger Children.

12. An Act to enable Ralph Macclesfeild to sell lands for payment of debts and makeing provision for his Wife and Children.

13. An Act for dividing the Chappelries of North Chappel and Dungton from the Parish of Petworth and erecting them into new Parishes and for settling the Advowsons and Rights of Patronage of the Reftories of Petworth North Chappell Dungton Clewer Famham, Royal Worplesdon Kirby Overblowes and Catton and the Vicaridge of Long Horsley.

14. An Act for the sale of certaine Mannors Messuages Lands and Hereditamentf late the Estate of Francis Osbaston Esq, deceased for the payment of his debts and legacies and raiseing Ten thousand pounds for the portion of Mary Osbaston his Daughter chargeable upon the said Estate.

15. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Wroth Baronett to make a Joynture and Settlement upon his Marriage and to make a Provision for his Sister notwithstanding his being under the age of One and twenty' yeares.

16. An Act for the settling a Joynture on the Wife of Anthony Danby Esq> and for makeing provision for his Brothers and younger Children and for payment of his debts.

17. An Act for confirmeing the sale of certain Woodlandf in the County of Southampton and certain Articles of Agreement made between Isaac Wollaston and Richard Wollaston Esq^s.

18. An Act for the more speedy and effectuall execucftn of the Trust created by the Will of Henry Baynton Esq^ deceased and for raiseing a Portion for his Daughter.

19. An Act to enable Richard Walthall Esqs to sell lands for the payment of portions and debts.

20. An Act for the better assurance of the Manor of Woodlandf and Hundred of Knoulton unto Edward Seymour Esqs.

21. An Act to enable Trustees to sell part of the Lands and Tenementf of Matthew Pitt Esq^ and Robert

Pitt Gem. for the payment of debts and to settle the rest of the lands upon the said Matthew and Robert and

the Wife of the said Robert and their Issue.

22. An Act for settling the Estate of Francis Boyle Lord Viscount Shannon in the Kingdom of Ireland.

23. An Act to enable Humphrey Lord Bishop of Bangor to make a lease of Bangor House with the

Appurtenncf in the Parish of S': Andrews Holborn London for a competent term of years in order to the new building and improveing the Rent thereof for the benefitt of his successors.

A.D. 1692.

4° Gul & Mah.

425

24. An Act for vesting the Mannor of Barcroft otherwise Thonocke otherwise Lowthonock Hinton otherwise Hengton and other lands in the County of Lincolne Isle of Ely and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk in Trustees for the payment of the debts of Thomas Towers Esq, and makeing provision for his Wife and Daughter.

25. An Act to enable Thomas Goodwin the younger to sell lands for the payment of debts and makeing provision for his Wife and Children.

26. An Act to enable Roger Price Esq, to sell some part of his Estate for payment of portions to the Daughters of John Price Esq deceased.

27. An Act to enable Sir John Williams of Langibby Castle in the County of Monmouth Barronett to sell the Manors of Ewyas Lacy Walerstone and Trescaillan and other lands in the County of Hereford and the Mannor of Carwent and other lands in the County of Monmouth for payment of his debts.

28. An Act for the sale of such interest as Thomas Broomhall Infant hath in the Office of Warden of the Fleet and in Thirteen Houses adjoyneing and in an Office of the custody and keeping of the Palace att Westminster for the more effectual payment of debts.

29. An Act for exchanging of several small parcells of land in the Parish and Mannor of Fulham belonging to the Bishoprick of London and part of the Bishoprick of London for other lands of the like value to Charles Earle of Monmouth and his Heires.

30. An Act for the naturalizeing of Henry Sheibell and others.

31. An Act for settling and confirming the Mannors and lands in Hameldon in the County of Rutland as they are now enjoyed and have been for divers yeares last past pursuant to an Agreement for encloseing and exchangeing of lands there.

32. An Act for the sale of lands by Sir Robert Smith and settling other lands of greater value to the same uses in lieu thereof.

33. An Act for the vesting a messuage and lands in Trustees to be sold for the payment of the debts of Abraham Hinde deceased.

34. An Act to enable Abel Atwood to sell some lands to pay debts and make provision for younger Children.

sy

( 426 )

Anno Regni

5° GU LI ELM I & MARLE, A.D. 1693.

STATUTES MADE IN THE Fifth Session of Parliament,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Twentieth Day of March, In the FIFTH Year of the Reign of K. WILLIAM and Q. MARY.

Rot. Parl. pt. i.

All Persons for Personal Estate

(Exception)

to pay 4s. in the Pound

that is, 24s. for every £100 worth.

11.

Public Offices, (Exception of Military Officers, &c.

and certain Persons of the Ordnance,)

to pay 4s. in the Pound.

<&X ftotulo $arltamentt he anno regm d&ultelmt et flJBariae, £Uitnto.

1

CHAPTER L

An Act for granting to Their Majesties an Aid of Foure Shillingf in the Pound for One yeare for carrying on a

vigorous War against France

WEE Your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Comons assembled in Parliament acknowledging with all humility and thankfulnesse Your Majesties abundant care of our Preservation and being deeply sensible of that extraordinary Charge and Expence with which Your Majesties present occasions are to be supported for the necessary Defence of Your Realms and the Prosecution of a vigorous War against France both by Sea and Land have chearfully and unanimously given and granted and do hereby give and grant unto Your most excellent Majesties the Rates and Assessmentf herein after mencoed to be raised and levied in manner following and do most humbly beseech Your Majesties that it may be enacted. And be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and of the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That Their Majesties shall have and receive the Rates and Assessmentf hereafter menebed of and from every Person Spiritual and Temporal of what Estate or Degree soever he or they be which said Rates or Assessmentf shall be taxed assessed levied and paid into Theire Majesties Receipt of the Exchequer according to the Tenor of this Act and in manner and forme following that is to say that all and every Person and Persons Bodies Politick and Corporate Guilds and Fraternities within this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed having any Estate in ready moneys or in any Debts whatsoever oweing to them within this Realm or without or having any Estate in Goods Wares Merchandizes or other Chattellf or personal Estate whatsoever within this Realm or without belonging to or in trust for them (except and out of the Premisses deducted such sums of money as he or they do bona fide owe and such Debts oweing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the Comissioners appointed by this Act And also the Stock upon Lands and such Goods as are used for houshold stuff) shall yeild and pay unto Their Majesties Foure shillingf in the Pound according to the true yearly value thereof for one yeare (that is to say) for every Hundred pounds of such ready money and debts and for every Hundred pounds worth of such Goods Wares Merchandizes or other Chattellf or other personal Estate the sum of Foure and twenty shillingf and so after that rate for every greater or lesser sum or [quantity1] to be assessed levied and collected in manner hereafter mencoed

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons Comissioner or Comissioners having useing or exercising any publick Office or Employment of Profit (such Military Officers who are or shall be in muster by the Muster Master General of the Army or in pay in Their Majesties Army or Navy in respect of such Offices only excepted (other then Governors Deputy or Lieutenant Governors of any Their Majesties Garrisons Fortf or Castels for their Salaries or pay for the same Govemmentf) And alsoe except such persons in Their Majesties Ordnance whose Salaries doe not exceed One hundred pounds per Annum) and all and every their Agents Clerkf Secundaries Substitutes and other inferiour Ministers whatsoever shall yield and

quanty O.

A.D. 169S.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

427

pay unto Their Majesties the sum of Foure shilling? for every Twenty shilling? which he or they do receive in One yeare by virtue of any salary gratuity bounty-money reward fees or profitt? to him or them accrewing for or by reason or occasion of their several offices or employment? to be assessed imposed levied and collected in such manner as hereafter is mencoed.

And to the end a further Aid and Supply for Their Majesties occasions may be raised by a charge upon all Land? Tenement? and Hereditament? with as much equality and indeferrence as is possible by a Pound Rate of Foure shilling? for every Twenty shilling? of the true yearly value for One yeare and noe longer be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Mannors Messuag? Land? and Tenement? as alsoe all Quarries Mines of Coale Tin or Lead Copper Mundick-Iron or other Mines Iron Work? Salt Spring? and Salt Work? all Allom Mines or Work? all Park? Chases Warrens Wood? Underwood? Coppices and all Fishing? Tythes Toll? Annuities and all other yearely Profitt? and all Hereditament? of what nature or kind soever they be scituate lying and being happening or ariseing within the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed or within any the Counties Cities Boroughs Townes Divisions Riding? Hundred? Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and Places thereof as well within ancient Demesne and other Liberties and Priveledged Places as without shall be and are hereby charged for One yeare only and no longer with the sum of Foure shilling? for every Twenty shilling? of the full yearely value and so in proportion for any greater or lesser value and all and ever}' person and persons Bodies Politick and Corporate Guild? Mysteries Fraternities and Brotherhood? whether Corporate or not Corporate having or holding any Mannors Messuages Land? Tenement? Hereditament? or other the Premisses shall yeild and pay unto Their Majesties the sum of Foure shilling? for every Twenty shilling? by the yeare which the said Manors Messuages Land? Tenement? Hereditaments and other the Premisses are now worth to be leased if the same were truely and bona fide leased or demised att a Rack Rent and according to the full true yearely value thereof without any respect had to the present Rent? reserved for the same if such Rent? have been reserved upon such Leases or Estates made for which any Fine or Income hath been paid or secured or have been lessened or abated upon consideration of money laid out or to be laid out in improvement? and without any respect had to any former Rates or Taxes thereupon imposed Dr makeing any abatement in respect of Reparations Taxes Parish Duties or any other charges whatsoever which said sum of Four and twenty shilling?

for the yearely profitt of every Hundred pound? value of all Personal Estates as aforesaid and Foure shilling?

for every Twenty shiling? by the yeare of the said true yearely value of all other the Premisses

shall be assessed levied and collected in manner hereafter mencoed and shall be paid into the Receipt of

Their Majesties Exchequer by Foure Quarterly Payment? the first payment thereof to be made upon the Six and twentieth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and foure.

And whereas many of the Mannors Messuag? Land? Tenement? Tythes Hereditament? and Premisses intended by this Act to be charged with the Pound Rates as aforesaid stand incumbred with or are subject and liable to the payment of several Rent-charges or Annuities issueing out of the same or to the payment of diverse Fee-forme Rent? Rent? Service or other Rent? thereupon reserved or charged by reason whereof the true Owners and Proprietors of such Manors Messuages Land? Tenement? Hereditament? and Premisses do not in truth receive to their owne use the true yearely value of the same for which neverthelesse they are by this Act charged to pay the full Pound Rate of Foure shilling? for every Twenty shilling? of the true yearly value It is therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Landlord? Owners and Proprietors of such Mannors Messuag? Land? Tenement? Hereditament? and Premisses as are charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid to abate and deduct [& to1] retaine and keep in his or their hand? Foure shilling? in the Pound for every Fee farme Rent or other annual Rent or Payment charged upon or issueing out of the Premisses or any part thereof or thereupon reserved And all and every person and persons who are or shall be any way intituled to such Rent? and annual payment? are hereby required to allow such deductions and payment? upon the receipt of the residue of such moneys as shall be due and payable to them for such Rent? or annual payment? reserved or charged as aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the better [ordering assessing5] levying and collecting of the several sums of money so as aforesaid limitted and appointed to bee paid and for the'more effectual putting of this present Act in execucon all and every the persons that were named and appointed Comissioners of and for the execucon of the Act made in the Fourth year of Their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties an Aid of Foure shilling? in the pound for One yeare for carrying on a vigorous War against France and shall be qualified according to the directions of this Act shall be Comissioners for putting in execucon this present Act and the powers therein contained within all and every the several and respective Counties Riding Cities Cinque Port? [Towns Boroughs1] and Places for which they were appointed Comissioners in the aforesaid Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners so as aforesaid nominated and appointed shall (in the respective Counties Riding? Cities Boroughs Divisions Towns and Places (for which they

III.

All Manors, Lands, $cc.

as well within ancient Demesne as other Liberties, charged with 4s. in the Found. Bodies Politic, &c. having Manors, &c.

to pay 4s. in the Pound,

as if let at a Rack Rent, without respect to present Rents, or Monies laid out on Improvements or Repairs, Taxes, &c.

to be paid quarterly.

IV.

Proviso where Lands subject to Rent Charges, 8cc.

Landlords may deduct 4s. in the Pound,

to be allowed by Persons entitled to such Rent Charges, &c.

V.

Commissioners under 4 W. & M. c. 1.

to be Commissioners for executing this

a a.

VL Commissioners to meet in the several Counties, &c. upon the 20th Feb. 1693

interlined on the Foil.

3 assessing ordering 0.

3 Boroughs Townes 0.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1693.

and may subdivide themselves.

VI I.

Commissioners at their Meeting to set down in Writing what Number of Commissioners shall act in each Division ; and deliver Copy thereof to Receiver General.

VIU.

Commissioners to direct Precepts to Inhabitants, &c. requiring them to appear;

then to read the Rates, and charge them how to make Certificates, &c.

Persons absenting;

Penalty.

At or after such General Meeting Commissioners to direct Warrants for Assessors ; and to prefix a Day and Place to bring in Certificates of Names of Persons and of Personal Estate, Offices, &c. Assessors to inform themselves by all lawful Ways of the full yearly Value of Manors and Hereditaments;

and then to assess 4s. per Pound of full yearly Value;

and to bring at time prefixed a Certificate of Assessment; and to return Collectors;

for whose Payment to the Head Collectors, Parish to be answerable.

Assessors neglecting or refusing to serve, or making Default;

Penalty;

Distress;

charged upon Receiver General.

are appointed Comissioners respectively) meet together att the most usual and comon place of meeting within each of the said Counties Cities Boroughs Divisions Towns and Places respectively upon the Twentieth day of February which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety & three and the said Comissioners or so many of them as shall be present att the said first General Meeting or the major part of them are hereby authorized and required to put this present Act in execucon according to the best of their judgmentf and discretions and shall then if they shall see cause subdivide and distribute as well themselves as other Comissioners then not present for the execucon of this Act into lesser numbers so as Three or more of the said Comissioners may be appointed for the service of each Hundred or other Division and so as may best conduce to the carrying on of Their Majesties service hereby required.

And for the more effectual performance hereof be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the Comissioners att their first General Meeting or the major part of them present shall agree and sett down in writeing who and what number of the said Commissioners shall act in each of the said Divisions or Hundreds neverthelesse not thereby to restrain the said Comissioners from acting as Comissioners in any other part of the County or place for which they are nominated and deliver a true copy of such writing to the Receiver General to the end that there be no failure in any parte of the due execucftn of the service by this Act required.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners shall direct their several or joynt Precept or Preceptf to such Inhabitantf High-Constables Petty Constables Baylifff and other like Officers and Ministers and such number of them as they in their discretion shall think [most1] convenient requireing them to appear before the said Comissioners att such place and time (not exceeding Ten days) as they shall appoint And att such their appearances the said Comissioners shall openly read or cause to bee read unto them the Rates and Assessmentf in this Act mentiond and alsoe openly declare the effect of their Charge to them and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates and how they ought to proceed in the execucon of this Act according to the Rates aforesaid And if any High Constables Petty-Constables Baylifff Inhabitantf or other Officers or Ministers to whom any Precept shall be directed shall absent themselves without lawfull excuse to be made out by the oaths of Two credible Witnesses (which oaths the Comissioners or any Two of them are hereby impowered to administer) or if any person appearing shall refuse to serve then every such person soe makeing default or refuseing to serve shall for every time of such default or refusal forfeit and lose unto Their Majesties such sums as the Comissioners or so many as shall be present or the major part of them being present shall think fitt not exceeding the sum of Five pounds nor lesse then Fourty shillingf And att and after such General Meeting had and Charge given as aforesaid the said Comissioners shall take care that Warrantf be issued forth and directed to Two att the least of the most able and sufficient Inhabitantf of each Parish Townshipp or Place within the respective Divisions thereby appointing and requireing them to be Assessors of all and every the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed and shall therein also appoint and prefix a certain day and place for the said Assessors to appeare before them and to bring in their Certificates in writing of the names and sirnames of every person dwelling and residing within the limittf of those places with which they shall be charged and of the substance and values of every of them in ready money debts goods chattels or other personal estate whatsoever (except before excepted) or in publick offices or imploymentf of profitt And the said Assessors are therein also to be required and are hereby injoyned to ascertain and informe themselves by all lawfull ways and means they can of the true and full yearely value of all Mannors [Lands Messuages1] and Tenementf as alsoe of all Quarries Mines of Coal Tin or Lead Copper Mundick or other Mines Iron Works Salt-Works Salt Springs Alloin Mines and Works Parks Chases Warrens Woods Underwoodf and Coppices and all Fyshings Tyths Tolls Annuities and other yearely profittf And of all Hereditamentf of what nature or kind soever scituate lyeing and being happening or ariseing within the limittf of those places with which they shall be charged And being so thereof ascertained they are to assess all and every the said Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf and Premisses before appointed to be charged after the rate of Foure shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the full yearely value as the same are let for or worth to be lett att the time of assessing thereof as aforesaid And to bring with them att the time and place so as aforesaid prefixed for their appearance a Certificate in writeing of the said Assessment And shall then alsoe returne the names of Two or more able and sufficient persons liveing within the limittf and boundf of those Parishes Towneships Constablewickf or Places where they shall be chargeable respectively to be Collectors of the moneys to bee paid to Their Majesties by this Act for whose paying in to the Head Collector in manner hereafter mentioned such moneys as they shall be charged withall the Parish or Place wherein they are so imployed shall be answerable And if any Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall neglect or refuse to serve or shall make default att the time appointed for his appearance (not having a lawfull excuse to be witnessed by the oaths of Two credible Witnesses which the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them have power to administer) or shall not performe his duty every such Assessor shall for every such neglect refusal or default forfeit and lose unto Their Majesties such sum as the Comissioners or so many of them as shall be present or the major part of them shall think fitt not exceeding [the1] sum of Twenty pounds nor under the sum of Ten pounds to be levied by distresse and sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattells in like manner as by this Act is appointed for levying the several Rates and Assessmentf herein mentioned in case of neglect or refusal of payment and to be charged upon the respective Receivers General together with the said Rates and Assessmentf

» interlined on the Roll.

* Messuages Lands 0.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1

429

And every Assessor so as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall before he take upon him the execucbn Every Assessor, of the said Imploym1: take the oaths mentioned and required to be taken by an Act made in the Parliament held takt^h/oaths^f in the first yeare of Their Majesties Reigne intituled An Act for the abrogateing the oaths of Supremacy and 1 & M. Sess. i

Allegiance and appointing other oaths and alsoe take an oath to be administred in these words following. You shall swear well and truely to execute the duty of an Assessor and to cause the Rates and Duties imposed by ar»

Act endtuled An Act for granting to Their Majesties an aid of Four shilling^ in the pound for [One yeare for'] carrying on a vigorous War against France to be duely and impartially assessed according to the best of your skill and Knowledge and therein you shall spare no Person for Favour or Affection nor any Person grieve for Hatred or Ill-will. So help you God. (Which Oaths any Two or more of the Comissioners in the County City or Place where the said Assessment is to be made have hereby power and are hereby required to administer.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Rates and Assessmentf upon all ready Monies Debts Goods Chattells Personal Estates and Publick Offices and Imploymentf of Profitt charged by this Act shall be ascertained and the Certificates thereof returned to the Commissioners upon or before the Fifth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three unlesse the Commissioners shall think fitt to give a further time And alsoe the taxations and assessmentf of the Pound Rate of Foure shillingf in the pound of the yearely value of all Manors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and Premisses charged by this Act shall be made and ascertained and the several and respective Certificates thereof returned into the Comissioners upon or before the Fifth day of March aforesaid unlesse the Commissioners shall think fitt to give further time And upon returne of any such Certificate the Comissioners or any Three or more of them shall and may (if they see cause) examine the psenters thereof And if the said Comissioners or any three or more of them within their several Limittf att the time of the returne of the certificates as aforesaid or within Twenty days after shall know or have good cause to suspect that any person or persons or any the Manors Messuages Lands or other the Premisses which ought to be mentioned and charged in the said Certificates is or are omitted or that any person or persons in the said Certificates mentioned is or are of a greater Estate or that any the said Manors or other Premisses are of a greater yearely value then in the said Certificate is menebed the said Comissioners or any three or mere of them shall have power to sumon such person or persons and the Owners and Possessors of such Manors or other Premisses to appear before them att a day and place prefixed to be examined touching the Matters aforesaid And if the person or persons summoned to be soe examined shall neglect to appeare (not having a reasonable excuse for such his default every person soe makeing default shall pay to their Majesties double the sum hee should or ought to have been set att or rated And moreover the Commissioners or the major part of so many of them as shall be present shall have power by all lawfull ways and means to examine into the estate of such person and the value of such Premisses chargeable by this Act and to sett such Rate or Rates upon the same as shall be according to the true intent of this Act And the said Assessors are hereby required to give one Copy of their Certificates or Assessm*: fairely w ritten and subscribed by them unto the said Comissioners by whom they were appointed and the said Comissioners or any two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to cause the said several and respective Assessmentf to them delivered (when by them approved of or altered according to the true intent of this Act) to be fairely written and to sign and seale several Duplicates or Copies of the said Assessment and one of them so signed and sealed forthwith to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the Subcolleftors and shall likewise deliver or cause to be delivered other Copies thereof so signed and sealed unto the Head Collectors and Receivers General according to their several [respective1] collections and receiptf And moreover the said Comissioners shall cause a true Copy or Extract of the whole sums assessed and charged within every Hundred Lathe Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated or assessed in pursuance of this Act and of the whole sums rated or assessed upon Personal Estates Offices or Imploymentf to be certified and transmitted into their Majesties Court of Exchequer under the hands and seals of any two or more of the Commissioners but without nameing the persons in such their Certificates And this the said Commissioners shall cause to be done upon or before the Twentieth day of March then next ensuing or within Thirty days after (all appeals to them made being first determined) And the Kings Remembrancer in the Exchequer for the time being shall and is hereby required within Three Months after the duplicates of the last payment shall be trasmitted to him to transcribe all the Schedules and Duplicates of the sums returned to him from and for every respective County Riding City and Towne and every Hundred Wapentake Parish Division Town and Place therein in a Book of Parchment in Alphabetical Order and in a faire legible Hand Writeing and within Three Months after the same shall be so by him received to transmitt all and every the same Schedules and Duplicates to the Office of Writer of the Tallies coinonly called The Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer who is hereby likewise authorized and required to enter the same in the like Alphabetical Order in another Book of Parchment fairely written to bee provided for that purpose.

IX. Certificates of Assessments to be returned to the Commissioners before 5th Day of March 169?, unless they give further time.

On Return of Certificates, Commissioners or any Three may examine Presenters.

If Commissioners suspect that Persons, fife, are omitted, or the Value of Lands,

they may summon Party to be examined.

Persons summoned not appearing; Penalty.

Commissioners may examine into Value of Premises, and set Rates accordingly. Assessors to give one Copy of Assessments to Commissioners;

who are to sign and seal Duplicates

One delivered to Sub-collectors; others to Head Collectors and Receivers General.

Commissioners to cause Extracts of Sums charged, &c. to be certified into Exchequer before 20thDay of March, or within 30 Days after.

King's Remembrancer, within Three Months, to transcribe Duplicates. &c. and transmit to the Auditor of Exchequer, who is to enter the

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall issue out their Warranty or Estreatf to the Subcolleftors under their Hands and Seals thereby requiring them to levy and collect one fourth part of the Rates and Assessmentf in respect of their Personal Estates Offices and Imploymentf and alsoe one fourth part of the Pound Rate charged upon all Manners Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf and Premisses as aforesaid And the said Subcolleftors are hereby required and enjoyned to levy and collect the same according to the Duplicates thereof by them received and according to the

X.

Commissioners to issue Warrants to Sub-collectors for levying, &c.

Sub-collectors to levy anti collect according to their

1 interlined on the Roll.

5R

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 16.93.

Duplicates, and to make Demand of Rates of Parties, or at last Place of Abode.

Head Collectors to hasten Sub-collcCtors.

In case of Neglect of Sub-collectors, Levy by Distress.

Head Collectors to pay in to Receiver General on orbcforc the 2cth of March. Receiver to pay into Exchequer on or before 26th March 1694.

Time for the Second Quarterly Payment.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, who is to pay into the Exchequer.

Time for the Third Quarterly Payment.

Head Collectors to hasten Sub-collectors, and to proceed by Distress.

Head Collector to pay to Receiver General.

Receiver General to hasten Head Collectors, and pay into Exchequer.

Time for the last Quarterly Payment.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, who is to pay into Exchequer

All Persons concerned in the execution of this Act to use Diligence, &c.

XI.

Head Collector's Receipt a discharge to Sub-collector. Sub-collector to have Threepence in the Pound. Head Collector to pay to and be appointed by Receiver General. Sub-collector travelling.

Receiver General's Acquittance a Discharge, who is to pay into Exchequer. Allowance to Receiver General.

intent and directions of this Act and to make demand of the said Rates and Assessmentf upon Personal Estates Offices and Imploymentf of the Parties themselves if they can be found or otherwise att the place of their last abode and to pay the same unto their respective Head Collectors on, or before the Fifteenth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety three or within Twenty dap after And the said Head Collectors are to hasten the said Subcollectors And in case the same shall not be collected by reason of neglect or failure of Duty of the said Subcollectors the said Head Collectors are to levy by warrant under the hands and seals of any two or more of the said Comissioners by distresse upon the Subcollectors respectively such sum and sums of money as by him and them ought to have been paid and is or are not paid by reason of his failure in doeing his duty according to the directions of this Act And every Head Collector is hereby required to make payment of what shall be so levied or received unto the Receiver General of the said County City or Place upon or before the Twentieth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty days after And the Receiver General is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors and to pay what hee shall receive from the said Head Collectors unto their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the Six and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety foure or within Twenty days after to the end the First payment of the said Rates and Assessmentf may by that time be fully answered and paid into their Majesties And the Subcollectors shall also levy the Second quarterly payment of the said Rates and Assessmentf charged as aforesaid upon or before the Second day of June then next ensueing or within Twenty days after and shall alsoe pay the same in to the Head Collectors upon or before the Ninth day of June aforesaid or within Twenty days after And the said Head Collectors shall make payment thereof to the Receivers General of the said County City or Place upon or before the Sixteenth day of June aforesaid or within Twenty days after And the said Receiver General is alsoe required to make payment of all which hee shall so receive into Their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the Five and twentieth day of June aforesaid or within Twety days after to the end that the second payment of the Rates and Assessmentf so charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully answered and paid into Their Majesties And the said Subcollectors are alsoe required and enjoyned to levy one other quarterly payment of the said Rates and Assessmentf charged as aforesaid upon or before the Fourth day of September then next ensueing and shall alsoe pay the same unto the said respective Head Collector on or before the Twelfth day of September aforesaid or within Twenty days after And the said Head Collectors are to hasten the said Subcollectors And in case the same shall not be collected by reason of neglect or failure of duty in the said Subcollectors the Head Collectors [are1] to proceed against them by distresse in like manner and by like Warrant as aforesaid And every Head Collector is hereby required to make payment of what shall be so levied or received unto the Receiver General of the said County City or Place upon or before the Twentieth day of September aforesaid or within Twenty days after And the Receiver General is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors and to pay what hee shall receive from the said Head Collectors into Their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the Nine and twentieth day of September aforesaid or within Twenty days after to the end that the third payment of the said Rates and Assessmentf may by that time be fully answered and paid into their Majesties And the Subcollectors shall alsoe levy one other quarterly payment of the said Rates and Assessmentf charged as aforesaid upon or before the Third day of December then next ensueing or within Twenty days after and shall also pay the same unto the said Head Collectors upon or before the Tenth day of December aforesaid or within Twenty days after And the said Head Collectors shall make payment thereof to the Receiver General of the said County City or Place upon or before the Seventeenth day of December aforesaid or within Twenty days after And the said Receiver General is likewise required to make payment of all which he shall so receive into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the Five and twentieth day of December aforesaid or within Twenty days after to the end that the fourth and last quarterly payment of the said Rates and Assessmentf so charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully answered and paid in to their Majesties And all Comissioners Collectors and Receivers are hereby required and enjoyned to apply themselves with all diligence to the most speedy and effectual execucon of their several and respective Duties and to use their utmost endeavors that all Estates herein charged may equally pay the Rates and Assessmentf according to the direction of this Act that so their Majesties Service herein may not be delayed or hindred [throug*] any of their wilful neglect or default.

And it is further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the Monies received by the Subcollectors within their respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time be duely paid to the Head Collectors whose

Receipt shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Subcollector which Subcollector for gathering the said particular sums shall retaine in his Hands for every Twenty shillingf by him soe paid Three pence as a

reward for his pains and service And the said Head Collectors shall accordingly pay over the said monies

unto the Receiver General of each County City or Place respectively in manner aforesaid which Head Collector or Collectors shall be nominated and appointed by the Receiver General of the respective Counties which

said Receiver General shall be answerable for all such sums of money as shall be by him or them [received or

collected*] And that noe Subcollector shall be forced to travel above the space of Ten miles for the payment

of the said monies that shall be by him collected or received And the said Receiver Generals Acquittance shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Head Collector And the Receiver General shall pay the whole sum by him received into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer in such manner and att or before such days and tunes as are herein before limitted and shall have an allowance of Two pence in the pound for all

monies which shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer upon or before the times prefixt in

this Act.

' 0. omits.

e through O.

3 collected or received O.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

431

And for the careful writeing and transcribing the said Warranty Certificates Estreatf and Duplicates in due time XII.

it is further enacted That the Commissioners Clerkf who shall respectively performe the same shall by Warrant under cieHw'to^ve id.

Two or more of the Commissioners hands have and receive from the respective Receivers General One peny in the P^r Pound for

, writing Warrants,

pound of all such moneys as he or they shall have received by virtue of such Warrantf and Estreatf who are &c. hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly.

And be it further enacted and declared That if any person or persons shall refuse [or neglect'] to pay any sum or sums of money whereat he or they shall be rated and assessed that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Collectors or any of them and [hee‘] and they is and are hereby authorized and required for non payment thereof to levy the sum or sums so rated and assessed by distresse and sale of the Goods and Chattells of such person so refuseing or neglecting to pay by his or their Goods or Chattells or to distrain upon the Messuages Lands Tenementf and Premisses so charged with any such sum or sums and the Goods and Chattells then and there found and the distresse so taken to keep by the space of Foure days at the Costs and Charges of the Owners thereof and if the said Owner do not pay the sum or sums of money so rated and assessed within the space of the said Foure Days then the said Distresse to be appraised by Two or Three Inhabitantf where the same shall be taken or other sufficient persons and to be sold by the Collectors for the payment of the said money And [the1 ] Overplus comeing by such sale (if any be over and above the charges of takeing and keeping of the distresse) to be immediately returned to the Owner thereof And moreover it shall be lawfull to break open (in the Day time) any House and (upon Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the said Cdmissioners) any Chest [Trunk1] Box or other things where any such Goods are calling to their assistance the Constable Tythingmen and Headboroughs within the Counties Cities Towns and Places where any refusal neglect or resistance shall be made Which said Officers are hereb required to be aiding and assisting in the Premisses as they will answer the contrary att their peril and the several and respective Tenant or Tenantf of all Houses Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf which shall bee rated by virtue of this Act are hereby required and authorized to pay such sum or sums of money as shall be rated upon such Houses Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf and to dedud out of the Rents soe much of the said Rates as in respect of the said Rcntf of every such House Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf the Landlord should or ought to pay and beare And the said Landlordf both mediate and immediate according to their respective interests are hereby required to allow such deductions in paymentf upon the receipt of the residue of their Rents.

And it is enacted and declared That every Tenant paying the said Assessmentf shall be acquitted and discharged for soe much money as the said Assessmentf shall amount unto as if the same had been actually paid unto such Person and Persons unto whom his Rents should have been due and payable And if any Person or Persons so rated or charged doe find him or themselves agrieved with such [assessing*] or rateing and do within Ten days after demand made of the sum or sums of money assessed on him or them complain to the Comissioners the said Cdmissioners or any Three or more of them so as the major part of the Comissioners who signed or allowed his or their Rates be present shall have and have hereby power with Ten days next after such Complaint particularly to examine any Person or Persons upon his or their Oath touching the value of his or their real or personal Estate and other the matters aforesaid and upon due examination and knowledge thereof allow abate defaulk encrease or enlarge the said Assessment and the same so allowed abated encreased or enlarged shall be levied and shall be certified or estreated into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid and to that end the said Cdmissioners are hereby required to meet together for the determining of such Complaintf and Appeals accordingly and for this end to expresse in their Warrantf to the Collectors the times and Places for determining Appeals and Appealf once heard and determined to bee final without any further Appeal upon any pretence whatsoever.

Xlir.

Persons neglecting to pay Rates; Collectors to distrain,

ar.d to keep the Distress Four Days at Owner's Charge;

then to be appraised and sold, and Overplus restored.

Breaking open Houses, Chests, &c. in the Day-time. Calling to Assistance Constables, See.

Tenants to pay Rates, and to deduct out of Rent;

Landlord to allow such Deductions.

XIV. Tenant paying acquitted.

Persons aggrieved may complain to Commissioners, who may examine on Oath.

Commissioners to meet to determine Appeals.

And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That if any Assessor Collector Receiver or xv.

other Person appointed by the said Comissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his or their duty in ^c*

the due and speedy execution of this present Act or if any Assessor shall wittingly or willingly under rate or refusing to do assesse att an under value any Person or Thing chargeable by this Act the said respective Comissioners or any ^‘51)uty*

Three or more of them have hereby power to impose on such Person or Persons soe refuseing neglecting or not f,ne not exceeding

performeing their Duties such Fine or Fines as by them shall be thought fitt so as the same exceed not the sum of ^ nor under

Twenty Pounds nor to be under the sum of Ten Pounds which said Fines shall not bee taken off or discharged

but by the consent of the majority of the Cdmissioners who imposed the same but shall be levyed by Warrant under

the Hands and Seals of the said Cdmissioners or any Two of them by distresse and sale of the Goods and Distres8

Chattells of the Offenders and in default of Goods and Chattels the Offenders to be edmitted (by Warrant under

the Hands and Seals of the said Cdmissioners) to Prison there to remaine till payment of the said Fines And that p;nes paid to

all Fines that shall be imposed by virtue of this Act shall bee paid to the respective Receivers General and by Receiver General,

them into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer.

And it is further enacted and declared That if any Collector [that1] shall (by virtue of this Act be appointed ^ XVI. for the receipt of any sums of money thereby to be assessed) neglect or refuse to pay any sum or sums of paying Money-money which shall be by him received as aforesaid and to pay the same as in and by this Act is directed and shall received by him;

detain in his or their hands any money received by them or any of them and not pay the same att such time

time as by this Act is directed the Comissioners of each County Riding City or Towne respectively or any Two

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 16.93.

Imprisonment, and Real and Personal Estate liable.

Commissioners seizin? Estate, to call a General Meeting of Commissioners on Notice;

Proceedings.

XVII.

Commissioners to call before them Collectors, and examine touching full Payment of Assessments

and in case of Failure, to levy.

XVIII.

If Controversy concerning assessing Commissioners, Commissioners concerned to withdraw ; in default. Commissioners present may fine not exceeding <£20. All Questions determined by Commissioners.

XIX.

Proviso for Colleges, &c. in the Universities, thfc Colleges of Windsor, Eton, Winchester, and Westminster; and for Hospitals in respect of Sites of Colleges, See. and for Christ's Hospital and other Hospitals and Almshouses. Proviso for Hospitals, &c. whose Revenues do not exceed .-£20.

XX. Tenants of Hospitals rated for what the Lands are worth above Rents reserved.

XXI. Persons dwelling in one Parish, Jcc.and Goods in another, to be assessed where they dwell.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

or more of them in their respective Divisions are hereby authorized and impowered to imprison the Person and seize and secure the Estate both real and personal of such Collectors to him belonging or which shall descend or come into the Hands or Possession of his Heirs Executors or Administrators wheresoever the same can be discovered and found And the said Comissioners who shall so seize and secure the Estate of any Collector or Collectors shall be and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for the General Meeting of the Comissioners for such County Riding City Towne or Place and there to cause publick notice to be given att the Place where such Meeting shall be appointed Six days att least before such General Meeting And the Comissioners present att such General Meeting or the major part of them in case the moneys detained by any such Collector or Collectors be not paid or satisfied as it ought to be according to the Directions of this Act shall and are hereby impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall be for the cause aforesaid seized and secured or any part of them and to satisfie and pay into the Hands of the Receiver General the sum that shall be so detained in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors their Heirs Executors or Administrators respectively.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That att the expiracbn of the respective times in this Act prescribed for the full payment of the said Foure Quarterly Paymentf the several and respective Comissioners or any Two or more of them within their Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the Collectors within each respective Division Hundred Parish and Place to examine and assure themselves of the full and whole Payment of the particular sum and sums of money chargd within and upon the same Division Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of the due returne of the same into the Hands of the Receivers General their Deputy or Deputyes of the said County Riding City Towne or Place respectively and by such Receiver General into the receipt of their Majesdes Exchequer to the end there may be no failure in the payment of any part of the Assessment by virtue of this Act to be assessed and paid And in case of any failure in the Premisses the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby to cause the same to be forthwith levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And it is hereby enacted and declared That in case any Controversie arise concerning the said Assessment or the dividing apportioning or payment thereof which concerns any the Comissioners by this Act appointed that the Comissioners so concerned in the said Controversie shall have noe voice but shall withdraw att the time of the Debate of any such Controversie until it be determined by the rest of the Comissioners And in default thereof that the Comissioners then present shall have power and are hereby required to impose such Fine and Fines as to them shall be thought fitt upon such Comissioners so refuseing to withdraw not exceeding the sum of Twenty Pound and to cause the same to be levied and paid as other Fines to bee imposed by this Act are to be levied and paid And all Questions and Differences that shall arise touching any the said Rates Assessmentf or Levies or the collecting thereof shall be heard and finally determined by the Comissioners in such manner as by this Act is directed upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Person or Persons thereby agrieved without further trouble or suit in Law.

Provided That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to charge any College or Hall in either of the Two Universities or the Colleges of Windsor Eaton Winchester or Westminster or the Corporacbn of the Governors of the Charity for relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen or the College of Bromley or any Hospital for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colleges Halls or Hospitals or any Master Fellow or Schollar of any such College or Halls or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universities Colleges or Halls or any Masters or Ushers of any School for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Profittf whatsoever ariseing or growing due to them in respect of the said several Places and Employmentf in the said Universities Colleges or Schools or to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospital Saint Bartholomews Bridewell Saint Thomas and Bethlehem Hospitall in the City of London and Borough of Southwark or any of them or the said Corporacbn of the Govemours of the Charity for relief [of'J poor Widows and Children of Clergymen or the College of Bromley nor to extend to charge any the Almsmen or Almswomen or other poor Persons inhabiting within any other Hospitall or Almshouse for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to them or any such of them for their immediate use and relief whose annual maintenance and Profittf shall not exceed in the whole the summe of Twenty Pounds.

Provided that noe Tenantf of any Lands or Houses by Lease or Grant from the said Corporacbn or any of the said Hospitallf or Almshouses do claime or enjoy any freedom or exempebn by this Act But that all the Houses and Lands which they so hold shall be rated and assessed for so much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Corporacbn or to the said Hospitals or Almshouses to be received and disbursed for the immediate support and relief of the Poor in the said Hospitals and Almshouses.

Provided alsoe that where any Person inhabiting within the City of London or any other Cities or Townes Corporate hath his Dwelling-House in one of the Parishes and Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandizes chargeable by this Act in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards in the same City that then such Persons shall be charged taxed and assessed for such his Goods and Merchandizes in the Parish or Ward where hce dwelleth and not elsewhere in the said City.

‘ interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1693.

433

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

Provided and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the avoiding all obstructions and XXII. delays in assessing and collecting the sums which by this Act are to bee rated and assessed all Places Constablcwickf the County, arc!" Divisions and Allotment^ which have used to bee rated and assessed shall pay and bee assessed in such County Hundred Rape Wapentake Constablewick Division Place and Allotment as the same hath heretofore usually been assessed and not elsewhere.

Provided always That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter change determine or make void provjs

any Contraftf Covenant^ or Agreement f whatsoever between Landlord and Tenant or any others touching the Contracto between

Payment of Taxes or Assessment^ Any thing herein before mencoed to the contrary notwithstanding. Tenant as to

Payment of

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint [Suit*] or Information shall XXIV be comenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execucon If Action for of this Act such Person or Persons (soe sued in any Court whatsoever) shall and may plead the General Issue Genera]n^ssue^ (not guilty) and upon any Issue joyned may give (*) and the Special Matter in Evidence and if the Plaintiff or may be pleaded. Prosecutor shall become nonsuit or forbear further Prosecution or suffer a discontinuance or if a VerdiCl passe against him the Defendant^ shall recover their Treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any case Treble Cost*, where Costs by the Law are given to Defendant^ And the said Receivers General shall give Acquitancf (gratis) Receiver* General to the said Head Collectors for all moneys of them received And the said Head Collector shall alsoe give Receiptj° "

Acquitancf (gratis) to the Subcollectors for all such moneys as shall be paid them in pursuance of this Act S™115*

And the said Subcollectors shall make and deliver to the said Head Collectors a perfect Schedule fairely written in Parchment under their Hands and Seals signed and allowed by any Two or more of the respective Comissioners containing the Names Sirnames and Places of Abode of every Person within their respective Collections that shall make default of Payment of any of the sums that shall be rated or assessed or such Person by virtue of this Act where noe sufficient distresse is to bee found nor other satisfaction made and not otherwise and the sum and sums charged on every such Person the same Schedule to bee delivered by the Head Collectors to the Receiver General of the County City or Place respectively to be by him returned into Their Majesties Court of Exchequer whereupon every Person soe makeing Default of Payment may be charged by Processe of the said Court according to the and returned by him course of the Court of Exchequer in such Cases-. into the Exchequer.

Head Collectors to give Receipts gratis to Sub-collectors. Sub-collectors to deliver a Schedule to Head Collectors of Defaulters where there i* no Distress;

which Schedule is to be delivered to Receivers General,

Provided always and be it further enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish or Constablewick XXV.

shall lie unoccupied and no Distresse can be found on the same nor the Person of the true Owner or Proprietor unoccupied, and no can be found within the County wherein such House or Land lyeth by reason whereof the Rate and Assessment Dittreu nor Person upon such unoccupied House and Lands cannot be levied that then upon complaint made thereof to the Comissioners Name of Owner for the County where such Case shall happen to be the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them shall Sfrt,fied ,nto

' rr J t Exchequer;

certifie into Their Majesties Court of Exchequer the name of the Person whose Lands or House so lieth unoccupied

together with the sum thereupon assessed and the Parish or Place where such Land or House lieth which Certificate which Certificate is

is hereby declared to be a sufficient charge upon the Person and Land or House therein named and shall make

the Person Debtor to Their Majesties for the sum so assessed and the Court of Exchequer shall issue out Processe

thereupon against the Body Goods and all other the Lands of such Debtor untill the sum so assessed be fully

and actually levied and paid to Their Majesties.

XXVI. Where Woodlands assessed, and no

Provided always and be it enacted That where any Woodlandf shall be assessed and noe distresse can be had that in such case it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Collector Constable Headborough or Tythingman by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Comissioners of that Hundred or Division at Distress, Wood seasonable times of the yeare to cutt and sell to any Person or Persons soe much of the Wood growing on the be cut and

Woodlandf (Timber Trees excepted) so assessed as will pay the Assessment or Assessmentf to be behind and unpaid and the charge incident thereunto And [that1] it shall and may be lawfull for the Person and Persons and his and their Assigns to whom such Woods shall be sold to fell cut downe and dispose and carry away Buyer* may cut the same to his owne use rendring the Overplus (if any be to the Owner Any Law to the contrary and carrj a'ra}r notwithstanding.

Provided always and be it further enacted That where any Tax or Assessment shall be charged or laid upon ^ XXVII. any Tythes Tolls Profittf of Markettf Faires or Fishery or other annual profittf not distrainable in case the same Tithesj ac.^not" shall not be paid within Fifteen days after such Assessment so charged or laid and demanded then it shall and Officer may

may be lawfull to and for the Collector Constable or other Officer thereunto appointed by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Three or more Comissioners authorized by this Act to seize take and sell so much of the said Tythes Tolls and other Profittf so charged as shall be sufficient for the levying of the said Tax and Assessment and all Charges occasioned by such nonpayment thereof rendring the Overplus to the Owner if any bee.

And for the better preventing of such unjust vexations as might be occasioned by such Persons as shall be XXVfir. ^ appointed Receivers General of any of the sfims of money granted by this Act And to the intent that the said certifying Monies Receivers General may returne a true account into Their Majesties Court of Exchequer of such sums of money to bc tlue vv,ion t,1L*

3 . r . * y same nave been

as shall be received by them and every of them their and every or their Deputy and Deputies be it further paid. See.

enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any such Receiver General returne or certify into the said Court any

1 interlined on the Roll.

* this Act a

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1693.

sum or sums of money to be in Arrear or unpaid after the same have been received either by such Receiver General or by his Deputy or Deputies or any of them or shall cause any Person or Persons to bee sett Insuper in the said Court for any sum or sums of money that hath been soe received that then every such Receiver General shall be liable to pay to every Person and Persons that shall be molested vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust Certificate returne or setting Insuper 'Preble the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned the said PenaltX- Damages to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon in which noe Essoign Protection or Wager

of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and shall also forfeit to Their Majesties Their Heires and Successors double the sum that shall be so unjustly certified or returned or caused to bee sett Insuper.

XXIX. Parents and Guardians to pay Rates imposed on Infants; and upon Neglect, &c. to be proceeded against as other Defaulters.

Sums paid allowed upon their Accounts.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That where any Person or Persons chargeable with any Rates or Assessment^ by this Act imposed shall be under the Age of One and twenty yeares in every such case the Parents Guardians and Tutors of such Infantf respectively upon default of Payment by such Infantf shall be and

are hereby made liable to and charged with the Paymentf which such Infantf ought to have made And if such

Parents Guardians or Tutors shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid it shall and may be lawfull to proceeed against them in like maimer as against [any13 other Person or Persons making default of Payment as herein is

mentioned And all Parents Guardians and Tutors makeing Payment as aforesaid shall be allowed all and every

the sums paid for such Infantf, upon his or their Accounts.

XXX. Persons to be rated for Offices at Places where executed, and for Personal Estates where resident.

Person? out of the Realm rated for Personal Estate where last resident within the Realm.

And be it further enacted That every Person rated or assessed for his Office or Employment shall be rated and pay for his said Office and Employment in the County City or Place where such Office or Employment is executed And every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any personal Estate to him any way belonging

shall be rated att such Place where he or she shall be resident att the time of the execution of this Act And

all Persons not being Iioushoulders nor having a certain Place of Residence shall be taxed att the Place where they shall be resident att the time of the execucon of this Act And if any Person who ought to be taxed by virtue

of this Act for or in respect of his personal Estate shall att the time of his Assessment be out of the Realm such

Person shall be rated therefore in such County City or Place where hee was last abiding within the Realme.

XXXI. Persons having Goods, X'c. in any County,

(other than the County wherein they live) rated in County where Goods are.

Persons to be rated For Lands, &c. in Place where situate.

XXXII.

Persons in respect of several Places of Residence being doubly charged for Personal Estate, upon Certificate and Oath thereof to be discharged for so much.

Persons who by Fraud shall escape being taxed, doubly charged.

Provided That where any Person shall have any Goods Wares or Merchandizes in any County or Counties

other then the [Countie*] where he shall be resident or had his last residence it shall be lawfull to rate or

assess such Person for such Goods Wares [&'] Merchandizes in the County or Counties where the same shall

be And every Person who shall be rated or assessed as aforesaid for or in respect of any Mannors Messuages

Lands Tenement^ or Hereditament^ shall be rated and assessed in the Place where such Messuages Manors Lands Tenement^ and Premisses respectively doe lye and not elsewhere.

Provided always That if any Person or Person by reason of his or their having several Mansion-houses or Places of Residence or otherwise shall be doubly charged by occasion of this Act for or in respect of his or their

personal Estate then upon Certificate made by two or more of the Comissioners for the County Riding City or

Place of his or their last personal Residence under their Hands and Seals of the sum or sums charged upon him or them and in what capacity or respect he or they were soe charged (which Certificate the said Comissioners are required to give without Delay Fee or Reward) and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any one Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the said Certificate shall be made (which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby authorized and required to administer) then the Person and Persons so doubly charged shall for soe much as shall be soe certified be discharged in every other County City or Place And if any Person that ought to bee taxed by virtue of this Act for or in respect of his personal Estate shall by changing his place of Residence or by any other fraud or covin escape from the Taxation and not be taxed and the same be proved before the Comissioners or any Two of them or before any Justice of the Peace in the County Riding City or

Place where such Person dwelleth or resideth att any time within One yeare next [ensuing *3 after such Tax

made every Person that shall soe escape from the Taxation and Payment shall be charged (upon proof thereof) att the double value of soe much as hee should or ought to have been taxed att by this Act the said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Comissioners or Justices (before whom such proof shall bee made to bee levied of the Goods Lands and Tenementf of such Person.

XXXIII. Householders to give Account of Lodgers to Assessors.

XXXIV.

Commissioners within their Division to rate each other for their Personal Estates and Offices.

And for the better discovery of personal Estates be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Housholder shall upon the Demand of the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as shall sojoume or lodge in their respective Houses under the Penalty of forfeiting to Their Majesties the sum of Twenty pounds to be levied and recovered in such manner as other Penalties in this Act menconed are to be levied and recovered

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Commissioners that shall be within any County City or Place within the resspeftive Limittf or the major part of them shall rate tax and assess every other Comissioner joyned with them for and in respect of the ready money [Debts '3 Goods Chattellf and personal Estate of such Comissioners And alsoe for and in respect of the Offices and Employmentf of Profitt which att the time of such Examinacbn shall be held and enjoyed by such Comissioners so as the residence and usuall dwelling-place of such Comissioner soe to be taxed be within the Division of such Comissioners by whom hee is taxed and

A.D. 1695.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

435

so as the Office and Employment held and enjoyed by such Comissioner so to be taxed be likewise to be exercised within the Division or Limittf of such Comissioners by whom hee is [to bee*] taxed and the Comissioners within their Division shall alsoe assesse every Assessor within their Division for all and singuler the Premisses for which by this Act hce ought to bee rated or assessed And as well all sums assessed upon every the said Comissioners and Assessors as the Assessmentf made and sett by the Assessors aforesaid shall be written estreated levied and gathered as the same should and ought to have been if such Comissioners had not been named Comissioners.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons having any Share or Shares or Interest in any fresh Streame or running Water brought to the North parts of London comonly called The New River or in the Thames Water-work^ or in the Hide Parke or Marybone Waters or any Rents or Profitf ariseing thereby And all Person and Persons having any Share or Interest in the Stock or Stocks of Printing of Books in or belonging to the House comonly called The Kings Printing House shall pay for the same the sum of Foure shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the full yearely Value thereof And they and all Companies of Merchantf in London charged by this Act shall be assessed by the Comissioners nominated and appointed for the said City or any Three of them for their respective Shares and Interests aforesaid and the aforesaid Joynt Stock and Stocks and the same shall be paid by the Governors and respective Treasurers of the said respective Companies and by the Tresurers or Receivers of the said River Waters and Water-works and Stock for printing and be deducted att and out of their next Dividend.

Provided alsoe That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitant^ of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guernsey for and concerning any such Personal Estate which they or any to their use have within the Places aforesaid

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them may and shall from time to time call for and require an Account from the respective Receivers General of all the moneys received by them of the said Collectors and of the paymentf thereof into Their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer according to the direction of this Act and in case of any failure in the Premisses the said Comissioners or any two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Letters Patentf granted by Their Majesties or any of Their Roy all Progenitors to any Person or Persons Cities Boroughs or Towns Corporate within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priveledges or Exempcons from Subsidies Tolls Taxes Assessmentf or Aids shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Persons City Borough or Town-Corporate or any of the Inhabitantf of the same or in the Tower of London from the Burthen and Charge of any sum or sums of money granted by this Act but that all and every such Person and Persons City Borough and Towne Corporate shall pay their proportions of all Rates and Assessmentf by this present Act imposed Any such Letters Patentf Grants or Charters or any Clause of Non obstante matter or thing therein contained or any Law Statute Custom or Prescription to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe That no Person inhabiting in any City Borough or Towne Corporate shall be compelled to be any Assessor or Collector of or for any part of the Rates and Assessmentf hereby granted in any Place or Places out of the limittf of the said City Borough or Town-Corporat —

Provided always and be it enacted That every Rate Tax or Assessment which shall be made or imposed by virtue of this Act in respect of any House or Tenement which an Ambassador Resident Agent or other Publick Minister of any Foreigne Prince or State now doth or hereafter shall inhabitt or occupy shall be paid by the Landlord or Owner of the said House or Tenementf respectively.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in all priveledged and other Places being Extraparochial or not within any the Constablewickf or PrecinCtf of the respective Assessors to be appointed by virtue of this Act (although in any monthly or other Tax they have not been assessed or rated heretofore) the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them shall and are hereby required to nominate and appoint Two fitt Persons living in or neare the said priveledged or other Places as aforesaid to be Assessors for the said Places and to make and retume their said Assessmentf in like manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish Tything or Place And alsoe to appoint One or more Collectors who are hereby required to collect and pay the same according to the Rates appointed by this Act for collecting and paying all sums of money payable by this Act.

Provided always and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Comissioner or Comissioners who shall be employed in the Execucbn of this Act shall be liable for or by reason of such execueon to any of the Penalues mencoed in an Act made in the Five and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of King Charles the Second for the preventing of Dangers [which1] may happen from Popish Recusantf.

Provided always and be it enacted That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in the execuCon of this Act before hee shall have taken the Oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the First yeare of Their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths which Oaths it shall be lawfull for any Two or more of the Comissioners to administer and are hereby required to administer to any other Comissioners.

Commissioners to assess the Assessors.

XXXV.

Shares in New River, Tharhcs, Hyde Park, or Mary-le-bone Waters.

Interest in the King's Printing House, See. assessed by Commissioners appointed for London;

and the Sums paid by the Treasurers, &c. of the said Waterworks.

XXXVI.

Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XXXVII.

A ny Two Commissioners may require Account from Receivers General;

and may levy.

XXXVIII.

No Privilege of Exemption from Subsidies, &c. shall extend to Rates granted by this Act.

XXXIX. Inhabitants in Cities, &c. not compellable to be Assessors, &c. out of Limits. XL.

Landlords to pay on Houses where Foreign Ministers reside.

XLI.

Proviso respecting Nomination of Assessors and Collectors in Extra-parochial and privileged Places.

XLII.

Commissioners not liable to Penalties of 25 Car.II, c. 2.

XU J I.

Commissioners to take the Oaths of 1 W. Sc M. Sess. r. c. 8.;

which Commissioners may administer.

5° Gul. & Mar. c.l.

A.D. 1693.

XLIV. Papist of 16 and upwards, not having taken the Oaths, to pay double.

XLV.

Proviso where within i o Days after Meeting of Commissioners he shall take the Oaths.

XLVI.

Persons of 16 and upwards, who shall not have taken the Oaths before Execution of Ad, and being summoned, shall refuse to take them, or neglect to appear before Commissioners, to pay double.

XLVII.

Gentlemen who by 3 W. & M. c. 6. paid double, or have been returned into Exchequer for Non-payment, not appearing before the Commissioners to take the Oaths,

to pay double.

XLyill.

Commissioners to summon Persons suspeded to appear and take the Oaths.

XLIX. Proviso for Quakers subscribing the Declaration of Fidelity

i W. & M.Scas.!.

c. 18.

L.

No Person liable to Pound Rate whose Lands r.re under .^20.

LI.

Chancery Officers within the Liberty of the Rolls to be there assessed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That [ every'] Papist or reputed Papist being of the Age of Sixteen years and upwardf who shall not have taken the Oaths mencoed and required to bee taken by the said last menebed Ad shall yeild and pay unto their Majesties double the sums and rates which by force or virtue of any Clause in this Act before mencoed or contained hee or she should or ought to pay or be charged with to be assessed levied and collected answered recovered and paid in such manner by such ways and means and according to such Rules and Directions and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are before in this Adf expressed or appointed for and concerning the above mencoed Rates and sums which are hereby intended to be doubled as aforesaid.

Provided neverthelesse That if any such Papist or reputed Papist within Ten days after the first Meeting of the said Comissioners in the respdive Counties or Places where hee or shoe ought to bee taxed or assessed according to the intent of this present Act shall take the said Oaths before Two or more of the said Comissioners (which Oaths the said Comissioners are hereby impowered to administer) that in such case hee or shee shall not be liable to bee doubly assessed as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Person being of the Age of Sixteen yeares or upward f and being within this Real me att the time of the execucbn of this Act who shall not before that

time have taken the Oaths mencoed and required to bee taken by the said Act entituled An Act for the abrogating

of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths And upon Sfimons by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Two or more of the Comissioners appointed by this Act shall refuse to take the said Oaths att the time appointed in the said Warrant or shall neglect to appeare att such time before the Comissioners in order to take the said Oaths (which Oaths the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby required and impowered to administer shall yield and pay unto Their Majesties double the sums and rates which by force or virtue of any Clause in this Act before mencoed or contained he or she should or ought to pay or be charged with in manner as is before in this present Act appointed touching Papistf or reputed Papistf.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Gentleman or soe reputed or owning or writing himselfe such or being above that Quality who by virtue of an Act made in the Third yeare of theire

Majestys Reigne entituled An Act for raising money by a Poll (*) quarterly for One yeare for carrying on a vigorous

War against France did pay or ought to have paid double the sums charged by the said Act or were or ought to have been returned into the Exchequer for non-payment thereof who shall not voluntarily appeare before the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them within Ten days after the first Meeting of the said Comissioners in the respective place or places wffierc hee ought to bee taxed or assessed and take the said Oaths appointed by the said Act made in the first yeare of their Majesties Reigne (which Oaths the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby impowered and required to administer and to make an Entry or Memorandum thereof in some Book to bee kept for that purpose) such Person shall be charged with and pay double the sums which by force or virtue of this Act hee should or ought to have paid to be assessed levied collected answered recovered and paid in such manner by such ways and means and according to such Rules and Directions and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are before in this Act expressed or appointed for or concerning the above mentioned rates and sums which are herbey intended to be doubled as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted That any one or more of the Comissioners appointed by this Act upon Informacbn given or upon any cause of suspicion in that behalfe shall and are hereby required and enjoyned to cause every person suspeded or against whom such information shall be given to be sumoned to appeare to take the said Oaths as aforesaid.

Provided neverthelesse That wrhereas certaine persons Dissenters from the (3) of England comonly called Quakers and now knowne to be such do scruple the taking of any Oath it shall be sufficient for [every1] such person to make and subscribe the declaracbn of Fidelity contained in an Act made in the Parliament held in the First yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjedf dissenting from the Church of England from the penalties of certain Laws which Declaracbn any Two or more of the Comissioners appointed for the execucbn of this Act are hereby impowered and required to take and every such person so doeing shall not be liable to or chargeable with any of the double Rates aforesaid.

Provided that no poor Person shall be charged with or liable unto the Pound Rate imposed by this Act upon Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf whose Lands Tenementf or Hereditament(' are not of the yearely value of Twenty Shillingf in the whole.

Provided always That the Right Honoble the Master of the Rolls the Masters of Chancery Six Clerkf Clerkf of the Petty Bag Examiners Registers Clerkf of the Inrollment Clerkf of the Affidavittf and Subpena Office and all others the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute their Offices within the Liberty of the Rolls shall be there assessed for their respective Offices and not elsewhere.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* payable 0.

5 Church O.

A.D. 1693.

5° Gul. <Sc Mar. c. 1.

437

Be it further enacted That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keep in his hands any part of the money by him collected for any longer time then is by this Act directed (other then the Allowance made unto him by this Act) or shall pay any part thereof to any Person or Persons other then to the Head Collector or Receiver General of such County or Place or his respective Deputy that every such Collector shall forfeit for every such Offence the sum of Ten Pounds And in case any Head Collector shall keep in his Hands any part of the money paid to him by any Collector by virtue of this Act for any longer time then is by virtue of this Act directed or shall pay any part thereof to any Person or Persons other then the Receiver General of such County or Place or his Deputy every such Head Collector shall forfeit for every such Offence the sum of Fourty Pounds And in case any Receiver General or his Deputy shall pay any part of the moneys paid to him or them by any Collector by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons whatsoever (other then the receipt of Their Majesties Exchequer and att or within the respective times limited by this Act) or in case such Receiver General or his Deputy shall pay any part of the said moneys by any Warrant of the Comissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or upon any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation or other way or device whatsoever whereby to divert or hinder the actual payment thereof into the receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid that then such Receiver General shall for every such Offence of himself or his Deputy forfeit the sum of One thousand Pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Plaint or other Informacon wherein no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law is to bee allowed.

And it is hereby further enacted That the Comissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them do not direct any Warrant to any of the said Head Collectors or Receivers General or their Deputy for the payment of any part of the moneys hereby given to any Person or Persons other then into the receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid Nor shall they or any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the strikeing of any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation nor doe any other matter or thing whereby to divert the actuall payment of the said moneys into the receipt of the Exchequer Nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer strike or direct or record the striking of any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation upon any of the said moneys upon any Account or Warrantt whatsoever nor shall any Teller throw down any Bill whereby to charge himselfe with any of the said moneys untill hee shall have actually received the same.

Provided also and be it enacted That noe stay of Prosecution upon any Comand Warrant Motion or Order or Direction by non vult ulterius prosequi shall be had made admitted received or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suit or Proceeding by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon or otherwise for the recovery of all or any the Pains Penalties or Forfeitures upon any Person or Persons by this Act inflicted or therein mentioned or for or in order to the conviction or disability of any Person offending against this Act.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That noe Person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in the execucon of this Act for any County or Riding or the Cities of London or Westminster unlesse hee was assessed and did pay to Their Majesties the sum of Twenty Shillingf Quarterly towards the Rates and Assessmentf granted by an Act made in the Third yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable quarterly for One yeare for the carrying on a vigorous Warr against France or the sum of Foure Pounds to the Act made in the Fourth yeare of Their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for review of the Quarterly Poll granted to their Majesties in the last Session of this present Parliament And alsoe that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in execucon of this Act for any other City or in any Borough Towne or Cinque Port or the Counties thereof respectively unlesse hee was assessed and did pay to their Majesties the sum of Twenty Shillingf Quarterly as aforesaid or was assessed and did pay to their Majesties the sum of Ten Shillingf Quarterly (as a Tradesman worth Three hundred Pounds) towards the said Quarterly Poll or the sum of Fourty Shillingf to the said Act for review of the said Quarterly Poll.

Provided always That every Person who did pay to their Majesties the sum of Ten Shillingf Quarterly (as a Tradesman worth Three hundred Pounds) toward the said Quarterly Poll may be capable of acting as a Comissioner for and within any City Borough or Town Corporate whereof hee is an Inhabitant although hee was nominated a Comissioner for the County att large in which such City Borough or Towne Corporate is scituate unlesse Commissioners were particularly appointed by the said Act for such City Borough or Towne Corporate

Provided neverthelesse That in case there shall not be a sufficient number of Comissioners for any City Towne and County of the same Borough Towne and Cinque Port (for which by this Act Comissioners are particularly appointed) capable of acting according to the qualifications aforesaid for putting this Act in execucon that in every such case any of the Comissioners appointed for the County att large within which such Cities Towns and Counties of the same Borough Towne or Cinque Port doth stand or which is next adjoyning thereto may [aft'] as Comissioners in the execution of this Act within such City Towne and County of the same Borough Towne or Cinque Port.

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted That in case there shall not be a sufficient number of the persons nominated to be Comissioners for any County who shall be capable of acting as Comissioners according to the qualifications in this Act before mentioned that in every such case it shall be lawfull for Their Majesties to issue

LII.

Collectors keeping Monies collected in their Hands; or paying other than to Head Collectors or Receiver General; Penalty ^io.

Head Collector so offending;

Penalty iS+o. Receiver General or Deputy paying to any Person other than the Exchequer, or upon Tally of Pro, 8tc.i

Penalty j£i,oooo.

LI 11 . Treasurer not to direct Warrant for Payment of Monies otherwise than into the Exchequer; or to the Officers of Exchequer for striking Tally of Pro, &c. nor Officers of Exchequer to strike any such Tally, &c.

LIV.

No Non vult, &c. or other Stay of Prosecution, in any Suit against Offenders.

LV.

No Person to be Commissioner in any County, or in London or Westminster, who did not pay under 3 W. & M. c. 6.

nor in any other Place, unless he so paid, or paid tos. Quarterly as a Tradesman worth <=£300.

LVI.

Such Tradesman may be a Commissioner for a City though nominated for the County.

LVII.

When not Commissioners enough for any City, See. Commissioners for County may aft.

LVIH.

In case there be not a sufficient Number of Commissioners capable of acting for

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 169S.

any County, Tlicir Majesties may constitute under the Great Seal so many Persons, being resident, as have Real Estates of blooper Ann. in the Counties, to be Commissioners.

LIX.

Person after Assessment removing to a Place where he was not rated for Personal Estate, Commissioners to summon and rate, unless Certificate that he was assessed and had paid.

LX.

Proviso rcspccting King's Bench Prison, &c. and the Marshal sea;

to be charged in the Parish of St. George in Southwark.

LXI.

Commissioners acting before taking the Oaths

Penalty <§£joo.

EXIT. Where Owners of Lands are liable to be doubly charged as Papists or otherwise, for not taking the Oaths, Owners only charged and Tenants discharged.

LX1IJ. Waterworks in Southwark charged in Surrey.

LXIV.

Persons may lend Money to Their Majesties on this A«at^7 perCent. per Ann.

LXV. Repayment of suen Monies how secured.

Books provided.

Tally of Loan to Lender, and Warrant for Interest.

Ordeis for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in course.

or cause to be issued one or more Comission or Comissions under the Great Seale of England and thereby to nominate constitute and appoint such and so many persons being resident and having real Estates of the value of One hundred pounds a yeare in the said respective Counties for which they shall be respectively nominated to be Comissioners for putting this present Act in execucon in the said Counties respectively which said Comissioners so to bee nominated and appointed for the said Counties respectively shall have such and the same Powers for putting this Act in execuc&n in the said respective Counties and under the same Rules and Directions as any other Comissioners nominated or appointed by this Act any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the more effectuall charging all Personal Estates Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if after the Assessment on Personal Estates directed by this Act shall be made any person shall come to inhabit or reside in any Division or Place where such Person was not rated or taxed for Personal Estate the Comissioners acting within such Division or Place are hereby required and impowered to sumon such Person before them and unlcsse hee or she shall produce a Certificate made according to the Directions of this Act whereby it shall appeare that

hee or shee was assessed and had actually paid all the precedent Quarterly Payment *n some other place for his

or her Personal Estate the said Comissioners shall and are hereby required to cause such Person to be assessed for his or her personal Estate and cause the same or such Quarterly Payment thereof as shall be (*) unassessed and unpaid to be assessed levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

Provided always That the Prison of the Kings Bench the Prison-House Lands Gardens and the comon side and all the Rents Profittf and Perquisittf of the Office of the Marshall of the said Kings Bench Prison lying and being in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr in the Borough of Southwarke and County of Surrey and alsoe the Prison House Lands and Gardens of the Prison of the Marshall of the Marshalsea Prison and all Offices

Perquisites and Profittf of the Marshalsea Court and Prison lying and being alsoe in the said Parish of Saint

George in the Borough of Southwark and County of Surrey shall be charged and assessed to this Assessment in the said Parish [in the said Parish'] of Saint George and Borough of Southwark and not elsewhere any thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always and be it enacted That if any Person hereby named a Comissioner shall presume to act as a Comissioner in the execucon of this Act before hee shall have taken the Oaths which by this Act hee is required to take and in the manner hereby prescribed hee shall forfeit to their Majesties the sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Provided always and bee it enacted That where the Owners of any Lands Tenement^ and Hereditamentf are liable to bee doubly charged as Papistf reputed Papistf or otherwise by reason of their not having taken the Oaths according to the intent of this Act in every such case such Owners onely shall be charged with and shall pay the said double rates And the respective Tenantf of such Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf are hereby discharged of and from the same any Covenant for payment of Taxes or other Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all the Waterworkf in the Borough of Southwarke shall be rated and assessed by the Comissioners and Assessors of the County of Surrey and not by the Comissioners or Assessors for the City of London any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Provided always and it is hereby enacted That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for any person or persons Natives or Foreigners Bodies Politick or Corporate to advance and lend unto Their Majesties upon (J) security of this Act any sum or sums of money and to have and receive for the forbearance thereof any sum not exceeding Seven [pound4] by the Hundred for one whole yeare and [noe5] more directly or indirectly and that noe money soc lent upon the security' of this Act shall bee rated or assessed by virtue of this Act.

And to the end that all moneys which shall be lent to their Majesties on the credit of this Act may be well and sufficiently secured out of the money ariseing and payable by this Act Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in Their Majesties Exchequer (that is to say in the Office of the Auditor of the Receiptf one Book and Register in which all moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall be entred and registred apart & distinct from all other moneys paid or payable to their Majesties upon any other branch of their Majesties Revenue or upon any other account whatsoever And that all and every person and persons who shall lend any money to their Majesties upon the credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall imediatly have a Tally of Loan struck for the same and an Order for his or their repayment beareing the same date with his or their Tally In which Order shall be contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for forbearance thereof not exceeding Seven pounds per centum per annum for his or their consideration to bee paid every three months until repayment of his or their Principal And that all Orders for repayment of money shall be registred in course according to the date of the Tally respectively without preferrence of one before another And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Order shall stand entred in the said Register Book so as the persons natives or foreigners his or their Executors Administrators or Assigns who shall have his or their Order or Orders first entred in the said Book of Register shall bee taken and accounted the first person or persons to bee paid upon the moneys to come in by virtue of this Act And hee or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entred shall bee taken

1 then 0.

- O. omits.

5 the 0.

4 Pounds 0.

* not 0.

A.D. 1693.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

439

and accounted to bee the second person to bee paid and so successively and in course And that the moneys to come in by this Act shall bee in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective parties their Executors Administrators and Assigns respectively and successively without preferrence of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever And that no Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any their Majesties Subject(' for providing or making of any such Books Registers Entries Views or Search in or for payment of money lent or the interest thereof as aforesaid by any of Their Majesties Officer or Officers their Clerk(J or Deputies upon pain of paying treble damages to the party agrieved by the party offending with Costs of Suit or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any [such Fee'] or Reward then to lose his place alsoe And if any undue preferrence of one before another shall be made either in point of registry or payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be liable (by Action of Debt or on the case) to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the party agrieved and shall be forejudged from his place or office And if such preferrence be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerk without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerk onely shall be liable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be forever after uncapable of his place or office And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerk of

the Pells record or the Teller make payment according to each persons due place and order as afore directed then hee or they shall be adjudged to forfeit and their respective Deputies and C.lerkf herein offending to bee liable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penalties Damages Forfeitures and Costs to bee incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputies or Clerkf shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoign Protection Priveledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall bee in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided always and be it hereby declared That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for payment as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred then

it shall be interpreted no undue preference which of those be entred first soe hee enters them all the same

day. Provided alsoe That it shall not bee interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerk of the Pellf record and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand their moneys and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come to demand their money and bring their Order in their course so as there bee so much money reserved as will satisfie precedent Orders which shall not bee otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loan being to cease from the time the money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons to whom any money shall be due by virtue of this Act after Order entred in the Book of Registry aforesaid for payment thereof his or their Executors Administrators or Assigns by endorsement of his or their Order may assign and transferr his or their right title interest and benefitt of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an entry or memorial thereof alsoe made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make shall intitle such [Assignee1] his and their Executors Administrators and Assigns to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon and such Assignee may in like manner assign again and so toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignmentf to make void release or discharge the same from any the moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

Provided always and be it further enacted That all every the principal sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of One hundred and eighteen thousand five hundred and six Pounds Five Shillingf and Ten Pence which in pursuance of an Act lately made entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certaine rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act menebned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds toward f the carrying on the Warr against France and of their Majesties Letters of Privy Seale beareing date the Fourteenth day of September One thousand six hundred ninety three made in pursuance of the said Act have been lent or shall bee lent to their Majesties att the receipt of Exchequer not having been repaid And all and every the principal sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of Two hundred ninety three thousand six hundred ninety two Pounds Seventeen Shillingf and Ten Pence w'hich in pursuance of the Act of Parliament lately made entituled An Act for the Review of the Quarterly Poll and of their Majesties Letters of* Privy Seale beareing date the Tenth day of August One thousand six hundred ninety three made in pursuance of the said Act have been lent or shall bee lent to their Majesties att the Receipt of Exchequer not having been repaid And all and every the principal sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of Foure hundred thousand pounds which after the Seventeenth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety three have been lent or shall bee lent to their Majesties att the said Receipt pursuant to their Majesties Letters of Privy Seale beareing date the Twenty seaventh day of November One thousand six hundred ninety three for or towards maintenance of their Majesties Fleet for the yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure And all and every the Orders of Loan for the said several and respective principal sums shall bee in the first place transferred to and placed upon the register appointed to bee kept by this Act and shall be registred thereupon in such course and order as the Loans thereof respectively in

Monies to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such 1.0308.

No Fee for providing or making Books, fcc. or for Payment of Money lent.

Penalty.

Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer;

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Deputy; Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller, not making Payments m due Order

Penalty.

How all such Penalties to be recovered.

LX VI.

Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

LXVII. Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

LXVIII. <£118,506. 5s. iod. which in pursuance of 4 W. & M. c. 3.

and Letters of Privy Seal of the 14th Sept. 1693, were lent to Their Majesties ; and £293,692.17s. I od. which, in pursuance of 4 W. & M. 0.14. and of Letters of Privy Seal of Aug. 10, were lent to Their Majesties ; not having been repaid;

and all Sums not exceeding ■£'400,000 which may be lent to Their Majesties pursuant to Letters of Privy Seal of 37 th Nov. 1693

* Assignees O.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1693.

and all Orders of Loan of the said Sums, to be transferred and registered in course, without taking Receipts from the Parties, and paid out of the Monies arising by this Act, at *£7 per Cent, per Ann. on .^118,506. 5s. lod. at a£8 per Cent, on *£293,692. 17s. lod.

Auditor of the Receipt to make Memorandums of Transfer.

Orders for Money may be assigned.

LXIX.

Out of the Monies levied under this Act,

.•£ 1,000,000 including ^£400,000 borrowed, appropriated to Navy and Ordnance; the Remainder of such Monies appropriated to tnc Land Service and Incidents of the War.

LXX.

The Rules and Directions of 1 W. & M. Sess. a. c. f. as to certain Provisions herein mentioned,

revived and put in Ure in reaped of the monies hereby appropriated.

LXXI. Certain Ships of War to be appointed by tnc Admiralty to certain Stations for proteding the Trade.

LXXII. Admiralty may appoint Cruizers to the Line of Battle.

LXXIII.

All Money issued for Naval Stores and Provisions, (except for Viduals) to be paid in course according to the Dates of the Bills, &c.

The like Regulation as to further Part of Monies issued and paid for the Ordnance.

point of time were made att the said Receipt which transferrences shall and may bee and are hereby required to bee made by virtue of this A Ct without makeing any Issues or takeing any Receiptf from the Parties in order to transferr the said Loans And that the principal moneys upon the said Orders soe transferred shall be payable and paid to the Lender or Lenders of the same his her or their Executors Administrators or Assigns out of the moneys ariseing by virtue of this Act in the same course and order according to which they are hereby appointed to bee transferred and with preference to the Loans which any person or persons shall make hereafter on credit of this present Act And that the Interest after the rate of Seven pounds per Centum per Annum due or to bee due for the said principal sums not exceeding One hundred and eighteen thousand five hundred and six pounds five shillingf and Ten pence and Foure hundred thousand pounds and after the rate of Eight pounds per centum per

annum due or to be due for the said principal sums not exceeding Two hundred ninety three thousand six

hundred ninety two pounds seventeen shillingf and ten pence to be transferred as aforesaid shall be paid and satisfied out of the moneys ariseing by this Act until the respective times of the satisfaction of the Principal And that the Auditor of the said Receipt upon the transferring of the said Loans or the orders for the same as aforesaid shall make memorandums in the margent of the books where the same stand entred importing the transference thereof and that they are to bee paid out of the moneys ariseing by virtue of this Act And that any person or persons who are or shall be entituled to any moneys to bee paid by such orders to bee transferred (') afore said shall or may assigne over the same to any other person or persons which assignmentf shall be good and effectual in Law and so toties quoties any thing in the said former ACtf or in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That out of the [moneys *] that hath or shall belevied or paid by virtue of this Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loans as otherwise the sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds including therein the sum of Foure hundred thousand pounds already borrowed and to bee borrowed for the use of the Navy as is herein before declared shall and is hereby appropriated for the servief

of the Navy and Ordnance performed and to be performed And that all other money which shall be levied and

paid by virtue of this Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loans as otherwise other then the principal sums herein before appointed to bee transferred to this Act and the Interest thereof And alsoe the sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds appropriated for the services of the Navy aforesaid shall be applied and appropriated and is hereby appropriated to and for the payment of Their Majesties Land Forces and Armyf and the paying for Arms Ammunition and other Charges incident to the Warr and not otherwise.

And for the more effectual doeing thereof and that the sums by this Act appropriated may not be diverted or applied to any other purpose then is hereby declared and intended be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Rules and Directions appointed and enacted in one Act made in the First yeare of Their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for a Grant to Their Majesties of an Aid of Two shillingf in the Pound for One yeare for the speedy payment of money thereby granted into the Receipt of the Exchequer by the Collectors and Receivers and for distribution and application thereof and keeping distinCt Accounts of the same and all other Provisions Pains Penalties and Forfeitures thereby enacted in case of diversion of any money thereby appropriated are hereby revived and enacted to be in force and shall be practised applied executed and put in ure for and concerning the distribution and application of the said sums hereby appropriated as fully amply and effectually as if the same were here particularly repeated and reenacted.

And for the better secureing the Trade of this Kingdom be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That over and above the Ships of Warr for the Line of Battle and for Convoys to remote parts att least Foure Ships of the Third Rate Sixteen Ships of the Fourth Rate Thirteen Ships of the Fifth Rate and Ten Ships of the Sixth Rate shall be from time to time directed and appointed by the Lord High Admiral of England or Comissioners for executeing the said Office for the time being to such proper stations as they shall deem meet to cruize for secureing the Merchant Ships in their goeing out and returneing home.

Provided always and be it enacted That nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or be construed to restrain the Lord High Admiral of England or the Commissioners for executing the office of the Lord High Admiral of England for the time being from directing any of the Ships appointed by this Act to be Cruisers to bee employed in the Line of Battle in cases of great necessity.

Provided always and be it enacted That out of the moneys hereby appropriated to and for the payment of Officers and Seamen that have served and shall serve in Their Majesties Navy Royal and to and for the paying for Naval Stores other then for ViCtualf and Provisions and to and for the expences of Their Majesties Office of Ordnance in respect of Naval Affairs and for other necessary uses and services performed and to be performed for the said Navy all such part thereof as shall be issued and paid by the Tresurer of the Navy by warrant of the principal Officers and Comissioners of the Navy or any Three or more of them for Naval Stores and Provisions shall be paid in course to every person or persons or the Assigns to whom any such money is or shall be due according to the dates of the Bills or Contractf registred for the same and not otherwise And that out of all such further part of the said moneys as shall be issued and paid to the Lieutenant and principal Officers of the Ordnance or the Paymaster thereof or his Deputy for the expence of Their Majesties Ordnance as to Naval Affairs and by them or the said Paymaster respectively to any person or persons for ammunition or any other use or service relateing to the Office of the Ordnance shall be in like manner paid in course to every person and persons

1 as 0.

Money O.

A.D.\ (i.9 3.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

441

or their Assigns respectively according to the respective dates of the Bills and Contradf for the same and not. otherwise And the Comptroller of the Navy and Storekeeper of the Ordnance are hereby respectively required to keep One or more book or books in their respective Offices wherein all Bills and Contra&f in referrence to the Navy and Office of the Ordnance (for such Bills and Contractf respectively as aforesaid) shall be duely registred and all and every such person or persons concerned therein may have recourse thereunto without paying any fee or reward for soe doeing And if any preference of one before another shall be made either in point of registry or payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act either by the said Treasurer of the Navy or Paymaster of the Ordnance or Comptroller of the Navy or Storekeeper of the Ordnance or any of them or their respective Deputies or Clerkf then the Parties offending shall be liable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay double the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the Party grieved All which said Penalties Damages and Costs to be incurred by the persons aforesaid or any of them respectively shall and may be recovered by the said party grieved by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon in any of Their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein no Essoign Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided neverthelesse that it shall and may be lawfull for the said Lieutenant and principal Officers of the Ordnance and the Officers of the Navy-board upon any emergent or extraordinary occasions to pay any of the said money appropriated by this Act to any person or persons upon account by way of Imprest any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also That it shall not be construed any preference to incur any Penalty in point of payment in course as aforesaid if the said Treasurer of the Navy or Paymaster of the Ordnance or their Deputies respectively do pay subsequent Bills of Persons which come and demand their money and bring their warrant or order in their course for the same soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie precedent Bills or Contra&f registred as aforesaid which shall not [otherwise be'] disposed of but kept for them in the said respective Offices.

Comptroller of the Navy and Storekeeper of the Ordnance to keep Books for Register of Bills, &c.

Undue Preference in Registry or Payment.

Action.

Penalties how recovered.

LXXIV.

Boards of Ordnance or Navy Board upon extraordinary Occasions may pay Imprest Money.

LXXV.

Paying subsequent Bills, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Bills.

And whereas the Receivers General by this Act appointed by the time limitted as aforesaid to returne a true copy or extract of the whole sum assessed and charged within every Hundred Riding Lathe Wapentake Parish Ward or place rated or assessed in pursuance of this Act together with the sums assessed upon personal Estates Offices or Employment!" and to transmitt the same into their Majesties Court of Exchequer And the Kings Remembrancer is also required to transcribe the schedules and duplicates of the said sums to him returned in a Parchment Book in alphabetical order to be by him transmitted to the Office of Writer (*) of the Tallies cdmonly called Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer who is thereupon likewise required to enter the same in [a3] Parchment Book in the like alphabetical order be it further enacted That if any Receiver General by this Act appointed shall negiect or refuse to returne duplicates of the sums assessed and charged in the County Riding Hundred Lathe Wapentake Parish Ward or places whereof hee is Receiver General within the time hereby limitted and to returne the same into their Majesties Exchequer to the Office of the Kings Remembrancer then every such Receiver General shall forfeit the sum of Fifty pounds to any that will sue for the same and be thenceforth incapable of any Office or place of Trust in their Majesties service And if the Kings Remembrancer for the time being shall neglect or refuse within the times hereby appointed to transcribe the schedules and duplicates of the sums so to him returned in a book of Parchment in alphabeticall order as hereby required and transmitt the same to the office of the said Writer of the Tallvs And if the said Writer of the Tallys commonly called Auditor of the Receipt shall not enter the same in alphabetical order in another Parchment Book as hereby directed they and every of them respectively offending shall forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds to any that will sue for the same and be thenceforth incapable of any office or place of trust in their Majesties service which said forfeitures by any Receiver General Kings Remembrancer or Auditor of the Receipt shall be recovered by Action of Debt Plaint or Informacon in any of their Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein no Essoigne Protection or Wager of shall be allowed nor any more then One Imparlance.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That all and every Auditor Reeve Receiver and their Deputies who receive any Fee-farme Rents or other chief Rents due to their Majesties or the Queen Dowager or to any other person or persons claimeing by any Grant or Purchase from or under the Crowne shall allow Foure shillingf in the pound according to the true intent and meaning of this Act to the Party and Partyes so paying the same without any fee for such allowance upon the penalty of forfeiting the sum of Ten pounds and loseing their respective places and offices if they faile therein.

Provided neverthelesse and it is hereby further enacted That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge or tax any Rector or Vicar who has the cure of souls and actually resides upon his Rectory or Vicaridge (upon the account of such his Rectory or Vicaridge only) unlesse his Rectory or Vicaridge does really and trueJy exceed the value of Thirty pounds by the yeare or unlesse hee has more then One Rectory or Vicaridge.

Provided always and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Master and Fellow of every Colledge and Hall (who are now resident in this Kingdom) and every Reader and Officer and Minister of either of the Universities shall voluntarily appear before the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them before the time limitted for returning the Assessment!" to bee made by virtue of this Act bee expired and take the Oaths

i

1 be otherwise 0. 4 the 0. 3 interlined on the Roll.

LXXVI.

Receiver General neglecting, &c. to return Duplicate* of Sums assessed;

Penalty £$o;

and Disability.

Remembrancer neglecting, &c. to transcribe Schedules, Sec. of Sums returned; Auditor of the Receipt not entering Schedules, See.; Penalty s€lCo; and Disability.

LXXVIL Auditor, &c. receiving Fee Farm Rents, Sec. due to the Crown, to allow qs. in the Pound to the Party paying; Penalty i£io and Loss of Office.

LXXVI II.

Proviso for Rectors, Sec. residing upon Redory, &c. not exceeding ^30 per Ann.

LXXIX.

Officers of Universities not appearing before the Commissioners to take the Oaths of 1 W. & M.

Sess. i. c. S.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 1, 2.

A.D. 1693.

to pay 8s. in the Pound of their Profits

to be levied as other Monies by this Act.

LXXX.

Nothing herein to confirm Persons not taking the said Oaths.

LXXXI.

Tenants of Lands of Colleges paying Taxes, 5cc. not discharged from paying the same.

Rot. Parl. pt. i. nu. i.

Recital of Sc 5 (4) W. & M. c.5.

4 & 5 (4)

W. fc M. c.3.

and that the Grant thereby was ineffectual by reason of Importation by virtue of 1 W. & M.

Sess. 1. c. 34. being prohibited.

1 W. & M. Sess. 1.

c-34-J.8' prohibiting Importation of Brandy, repealed.

required and menc6ned to bee taken by an Act made in the first yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths which Oaths the said Comissioners are hereby impowered and required to administer and make an entry and memorandum thereof in some book to bee kept for that purpose and upon neglect or not appeareing and takeing the said Oaths as aforesaid Eight shillingf in the pound of the profittf which he or they [may‘] have received had hee or they taken the said oaths for or by reason of all and every stipend wages salary or profittf whatsoever ariseing or growing due in respect of the said several places or imploymentf in the said Universities Colleges or Halls shall be actually paid to their Majesties for the use of the Warr [to *] be levied collected and received in such manner as the rest of the money given by this Act.

Provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to confirme any of the said persons who have or shall neglect or refuse [to take the said oaths3] in such manner as is herein before appointed in their respective places [and4] employments

Provided always that nothing contained in this Act shall be construed or taken to discharge any Tenant of any of the Houses or Lands belonging to the said Colledges Halls Hospitalf Almshouses or Schools or any of them who by their leases or other contraftf are and do stand obliged to pay and discharge all Rates Taxes and Impositions whatsoever but that they and every of them shall be rated and pay all such Rates Taxes and Impositions any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for repealing such parts of several former Aftf as prevent or prohibit the importaeftn of Forreign Brandy

Aqua vite and other Spirits and Bacon except from France

WHEREAS by one Act of Parliament made in the Fourth and Fifth yeares of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certaine additional impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes for the prosecuteing the present Warr against France the Commons assembled in Parliament amongst other Duties and Charges by the said Act granted to their Majesties upon Goods and Merchandizes imported after the first day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two and before the first day of March One thousand six hundred ninety six did grant to their Majesties for every Gallon of Strongwaters Aqua vite or Brandy comonly called Single Brandy or Strongwaters imported within the said time to bee paid by the Importer before landing Two shillingf over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs att any time before the Second yeare of their Majesties Reigne payable for the same And for every Gallon of Strongwaters Spirits or Brandy above proof called Double Brandy imported within the said time to be paid by the Importer before landing Foure shillingf over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs att any time before the Second yeare of their Majesties Reigne payable for the same And by one other Act in the same yeare made entituled An Act for granting to theire Majesties certaine Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine recompences and advantages in the said Act menebed to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the Warr against France the said Commons did grant to their Majesties for every gallon of Single Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above all other Duties payable for the same Six pence And for every Gallon of Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite above proof commonly called Double Brandy imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above all other Duties payable for the same One shilling which [Grant'] contrary to the intencon of the said Comons became ineffectual to their Majesties for that all importacbn of Brandy was by one Act of Parliament made in the First yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Comerce with France prohibited to be imported into England and Ireland and the Dominions and Islands therein named from and after the Foure and twentieth day of August in the yeare of oure Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine. For remedy whereof and that the Revenue ariseing by the said Grants may be for the future answered to their Majesties according to the purport of the said first recited Aftf be it enacted

by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same that one clause in the said Act for prohibiting of all trade and comerce with France in these words (that is to say) And be it further enacted that no sort of Brandy Aqua vite or [other3] Spirits [or3] distilled waters of any Kingdom Countrey or place whatsoever shall after the said Foure and twentieth day of August bee imported into the Kingdoms of England or Ireland aforesaid [Dominions6] or Islands aforesaid under paine of forfeiture thereof as alsoc of the Ship

or Vessel wherein the same shall be imported is and shall be [by3] virtue of this Act from the First day of this

present Session of Parliament repealed any thing in the said Act for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding-

1 might 0. * and 0. * interlined on the Roll. * or O. 5 Grants 0. c Dominion 0.

443

Provided always and be it enacted That the Duties of Two shillingf and Foure shilling^ a Gallon upon Single Brandy and Double Brandy respectively imposed by the said first recited Act above the Duties of Excise and Customes att any time before the Second yeare of their Majesties Reigne payable for the same was thereby intended and shall be construed to extend to such Duties as were then payable for the same by any Statute then in force and not otherwise And that no sort of Brandy Aqua vite or other Spirits shall be imported from France into this Kingdom or any of the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging by virtue of this Act other then as the same is provided and enacted to be imported by one Act of this present Parliament made in the said Fourth and Fifth yeare of their Majesties [Raigne'] entituled An Act for continuing the Aftf for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France and for the encouragement of Privateers.

II.

The Duties of

4 & 5 (4) W.& M. c.5. extended.

Spirits to be imported as by

4* 5 W.

L4)

c.25.

And whereas there was further granted to their Majesties by the said first recited Act Foure pence for every pound of Bacon imported within the time limited by the said Act which could not be answered to their Majesties because the importaeftn of Bacon is prohibited by One Act of Parliament made in the Eighteenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second entituled An Act against importing Cattel from Ireland and other parts beyond the Seas and Fish taken by Foreigners And by one other Act made in the twentieth yeare of his said late Majesties Reigne entituled An additional Act against the importation of Forreigne Cattle be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the [said1] sum of Foure pence for every pound of Bacon imported granted to their Majesties by the said Act shall be paid and answered to their Majesties from the First day of this present Session of Parliament for and dureing the continuance of the said Act any thing in the said recited Aftf of the Eighteenth and Twentieth of the said King Charles the Second or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Recital that by

4 & 5 (4)

W. & M. c. 5. Duty upon Bacon imported, was granted.

18 Car. II. c. 2.

20 Car. II. c. 7.

Duty on Bacon

imported,

continued.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for the importation of fine Italian Sicilian and Naples Thrown Silke

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Second yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for the discourageing the importation of Throwne Silk (amongst other things in the said Act contained) the bringing in of Throwne Silk of the growth or production of Italy Sicily or the Kingdom of Naples is prohibited unlesse imported in such Ships or Vessel Is and navigated in such manner as in and by an Act made in the Twelfth yeare of the Reigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for the encouragement and increasing of the Shipping and Navigation is directed or allowed and brought from some of the Ports of those Countries or Places whereof the same is of the Growth or Production and which shall come directly by Sea and not otherwise. And whereas by the Act of Navigation Italian and Sicilian Thrown Silk may be brought from any Port or Place of Europe and that it hath been found by experience that the importation of Italian Sicilian and Naples Silk by the ways prescribed by the said recited Act (in regard of the great difficulties and hazard occasioned by the present War with France is greatly prejudicial and if longer continued will endanger the losse of the Silk Manufactory of this Nation be it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the Twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety and three it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person or persons who do or shall reside in their Majesties Dominions to import or bring into this Kingdom from any Port or Place whatsoever (excepting the Ports of France) dureing the pressent Warr with France and Three months after fine Throwne Silk of the growth or production of Italy Sicily or Naples any thing in the said recited Aftf to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Rot. Parl. pt. 2. nu. 2.

2 W. & M. Sess 1. c.9. §2.

12 Car. II. c. 18.

Italian Silk may be imported.

Provided always That this Act nor any thing herein contained shall extend to give liberty to bring over land and import any Italian throwne Silke that shall be courser then a sort thereof knowne [& distinguished'] by the name of Third Bolonia Nor any Sicilian Throwne Silk that shall be courser then a sort thereof knowne and distinguished by the name of Second Orsoy nor any sorts of Silkf comonly called Frams of the growth of Italy Sicily or Naples nor any other Throwne Silk of the growth or production of Turkey Persia East-India or China under the penalty and forfeiture of all such Throwne Silk as shall be brought over land and imported contrary to the purport true intent and meaning of this Act one Moyety whereof shall be to the use of the King and Queens Majesties their Heirs and Successors and the other moyety to such person or persons as shall seize informe or sue for the same to bee recovered by Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record wherein noe Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

II.

Coarse Silk, See. not to be imported.

Penalty.

And for the better and more effectual execuCbn of this Act and to prevent the importacbn of any sort of Thrown Silke contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof be it further enacted and declared That all such fine Italian Sicilian and Naples Thrown Silkf as are allowed to bee imported by this Act wheresoever landed shall be brought to their Majesties Customhouse London to the intent that noe [other'] sort may be imported over land then those only allowed by this Act under the penalties and forfeitures before mencoed and recited any thing to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III.

All Italian Silk tu be brought to the Custom-house,

London.

• interlined on the Roll.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 4, 5.

Rot. Parl. pt. a. nu. 3.

Recital that 34 & 35 H. VIII.

c. 26. §55.

has been found to be inconvenient.

By Commission under the Great Seal,

the King may nominate any Number of Justices in Wales.

Rot. Pari, pt, 2. nu. 4.

Recital of 4 & 5 (4) W. & M.

c. 3. § 8.

s£l& per Cent, for Life to Contributor.

when Life to be nominated;

how and when Annuities payable

A

A.D. 1693.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act to repeal a Clause in the Statute made in the foure and thirtieth and five and thirtieth years of King

Henry the Eighth by which Justices of Peace in Wales are limitted to Eight in each County

WHEREAS in a Statute made in the thirty fourth and thirty fifth yeares of the Reigne of King Henry the Eighth entituled An Act for certaine Ordinances in the Kings Majesties Dominions and principality of Wales there is a Clause or Article contained in these words that is to say Item that there shall not exceed the number of Eight Justices of the Peace in any of the said Shires over and besides the President Council and Justices aforesaid and the Kings Attorney and Sollicitor Which President Council Justices and the Kings Attorney and Sollicitor shall be put in every Comission of Peace in every of the said Twelve Shires. And whereas the Law contained in this Clause or Article is by experience found to be inconvenient be it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal

and Commons in Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That the said Clause or Article be from

henceforth absolutely repealed and vacated to all intentf and purposes And that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the King and Queens most excellent Majesties their heires and Successors by Commission under the Greate Seale of England to constitute nominate and appoint from time to time any such number of persons to bee Justices of Peace in any of the said Counties of Wales as they shall thinke fitting and convenient according to such wayes and methods as are comonly used for the constituteing nominateing and appointing of Justices of the Peace in and for any County of England And that the persons so constituted nominated and appointed shall have power and authority to act and [to*] doe any manner of thing pertaining to the Office of a Justice of Peace in as large and ample manner as any Justice or Justices of the Peace within the Dominion of Wales might or ought to have done before the makeing of this Act Any Law Statute Usage or Ordinance to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER V.

An Act to supply the deficiency of the money raised by a former Act entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages [in the said Act menebned '] to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of Ten hundred thousand [pondf*] towards carrying on the Warr against France.

WHEREAS by an Act of this present Parliament entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certaine Rates and Duties of Excise for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mencoed to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the Warr against France It was enacted that it should be lawfull for any persons natives or foreigners to contribute towards the advancing the sura of ten hundred thousand pounds for the purposes therein mencoed by paying into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer such sum or sums of money att such times and upon such terms respectively as in the said Act are particularly mencoed and expressed. And whereas the several sums paid in upon the said Act by the several contributors did and doe in the whole amount but to the sum of Eight hundred eighty one thousand foure hundred ninety three pounds fourteen shillingf and two pence. Wee your Majesties most loyal and dutiful Subjects the Comons in Parliament assembled being sensible of the great and necessary expences in which your Majesties are engaged for carrying on the present Warr against the French King and being desirous [to supply'] the same in such manner as may be least grievous to your Majesties Subjects doc beseech your

Majesties that it may bee enacted. And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That it shall and may be lawfull for any persons natives or foreigners to contribute towards the advancing the sum of One hundred and eighteen thousand five hundred and six pounds five shillingf and ten pence to make upp the whole sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds by the said recited

Act intended to bee advanced by paying into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer att any time before the

first day of May one thousand six hundred ninety foure any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred and eighteen thousand five hundred and six pounds five shillingf and ten pence upon the terms following (that is to say) That every such person out of the rates and duties of Excise granted by the said recited Act shall have and receive for every sum of one hundred pounds by them respectively advanced and paid a yearely annuity rent or payment of fourteen pounds of lawfull English money and proportionably for a greater sum for and dureing the Life of such person soe advancing or paying the same or dureing any other Life to bee nominated by the person advancing or paying any such sum as aforesaid the same to be nominated within six days after payment of such sum which yearely annuities rents or paymentf shall commence from the foure and twentieth day of June next ensueing and shall be paid and payable at the foure most usuall Feastf of the yeare (that is to say) The Annunciacon of the Blessed Virgin Mary the Nativity of Saint John Baptist the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel and the Feast of [the Birth of'] our Lord Christ by even and equal portions

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Pounds 0.

A.D.\69S.

445

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

And every person on payment of any such sum or sums as aforesaid shall imediately have one or more Tally or Talleys importing the receipt of the consideracon money and orders for the payment of the said annuities beareing the same date with the Talley the said Talleys to bee levied and the said orders to be signed in the same manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned touching 'lallies and orders to bee given to the contributors for annuities upon the said Act and the said orders not to bee determinable revocable or countermandable as touching the foremencoed orders in the said recited Act is enacted which said orders shall bee assignable and transferrable in such and the same manner as is mencoed in the said recited Act touching orders given to the contributors in the said Act mencoed and all the rates and duties by the said recited Act granted over and besides soe much as shall beare proportion att the rates in the said Act mencoed to the whole sum of eight hundred eighty one thousand foure hundred ninety three pounds foureteen shillingf and two pence already advanced by the contributors upon the said recited Act are and shall be appropriated and applied and are hereby appropriated to and for the payment of the said annuities yearely rents or sums after the rate of fourteen pounds per Centum per Annum for every hundred pounds to bee advanced as aforesaid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever under the like penalties forfeitures and disabilities in respect to all and every the Officers and other persons in the said recited Act mencoed as are

in the said Act appointed and enacted in case of diverting or misapplying any part of the moneys which ought

to be paid to the contributors upon the said Act And the said Officers are hereby required to keep Books and Registers and make Entries of the names of all persons who shall advance any moneys before the said first day of May as aforesaid and of the several sums soe advanced and the times of paying in the same respectively and the names of such persons for whose Lives the several annuities or yearely paymentf are to be payable without fee or reward in such manner as in the said recited Act is mencoed To which Books all persons concerned shall have accesse as in the said Act alsoe is directed All which the said Officers are to doe and performe under the like penalties and forfeiture and disabilities as in the said recited Act are menconed And every person who shall advance and pay any such sum as aforesaid before the first day of May as aforesaid shall receive out of the money granted by the said recited Act for all money so advanced by him and paid from the respective days of

payment unto the foure and twentieth day of June as aforesaid interest att the rate of ten pounds per Centum

per Annum.

And be it further enacted That any moneys payable to any person or persons upon or by virtue of this Act shall not be charged or chargeable with any rates duties or impositions whatsoever And in case there shall be any surplus or remainder of the moneys ariseing by the said rates and duties of Excise att the end of any yeare dureing the terme of ninety nine yeares granted therein by the said former Act after makeing all the paymentf which by this or the said former Act are appointed to be paid or satisfied within the same yeare or reserving money for the same such surplus or remainder shall be to the use of their Majesties their Heires and Successors.

And to make Qthe1 ] payment of the annuities more easie to the several contributors upon this and the before recited Act both upon the terms of survivorship and the annuity of fourteen pounds per Centum be it enacted

That every contributor upon this or the former Act his or her Executors Administrators or Assigns upon their

demanding any halfe yearely or quarterly payment of his her or their respective shares of either of the said funds (unlesse the nominee appeare in person att the said receipt) shall produce a certificate of the life of his her or

their respective nominee signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish where such Nominee shall be

then. living as by the said recited Act is appointed or otherwise it shall and may be Iawfull to and for every Contributor his or her Executors Administrators or Assigns att his her or their Election to make Oath of the truth of his her or their respective Nominees Life upon the day when the said paymentf shall become due before any one or more Justices of the Peace of the respective County Riding City Town or Place wherein such person att the time of makeing the said Oath shall reside (which Oath hee or they are hereby impowered to administer) and the said Justice or Justices shall make a Certificate thereof for which Oath and Certificate noe fee or reward shall bee required And the said Certificates shall be filed in the said Office of Receiptf of the Exchequer And if any person shall be guilty of a false Oath or forgeing any Certificate touching the Premisses and being thereof lawfully convicted hee shall incur the pains and penalties to bee inflicted upon persons who committ wilfull Perjury or Forgery And in case any Nominee shall att the time of such demand bee resident in Scotland or beyond the Seas [[and1] any one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer for the time being shall certifie that upon proof to him or them made (which proof hee and they is and are hereby authorized and required to take in a summary way) it doth seem probable to him or them that the said Nominee is living (which Certificate is to be given and examinacbn made without fee or charge) the said Certificate being filed as aforesaid shall bee a sufficient Warrant for makeing the said Quarterly payment to the respective Contributors or Advancers their Executors Administrators or Assigns And if any person or persons shall receive one or more Quarterly paymentf upon his her or their Annuity or Annuities for any time beyond the death of his her or their Nominee when the same ought to cease such person or persons shall forfeit treble the value of the money soe by him her or them received The one halfe thereof to their Majesties their Heirs and Successors and the other halfe to him or them that will sue for the same by action suit bill or informacon in which noe essoign protection priveledge or wager of law or more then one imparlance shall bee allowed.

1 interlined on the Roll.

Orders transferable.

Duties appropriated for Payment.

Register kept without Fee.

Access to the same. Penalty.

Persons advancing Money before 1st May, Interest to 24th June, at £ 1 o per Centum per Annum.

n.

Annuities, &c. free from Taxes.

Surplus to the King.

m.

Contributor to produce Certificate of Nominee's Life, unless Nominee appear;

or may make Oath of Nominee's Life.

Perjury and Forgery of Certificate.

Certificate of Nomince'sAbsence.

Receiving after Nominee's Death. Penalty.

4.DA693.

IV.

Recital that certain Contributors under 4 & c (4) W. & M. c. 3. nave not named any Life.

Such Persons nominating before March i. next, to enjoy all the Advantages as if they had nominated as provided by the said Act.

V.

Surplus to the Crown, not to be charged with Pensions, &c. Grantees made Accountants.

Hot. Pari pt. 2. nu. 5.

Recital of 1 W. & M. Scss. 1. c. 30.

Owners of Mines shall enjoy them.

II.

King shall have the Ore at a Rate.

Several Rates.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 5, 6.

And whereas several persons who did contribute advance or pay several of the sums of money which have been contributed advanced or paid upon the said recited Act for Shares Dividend? Annuities or other Benefitt? in the said Act mentioned respectively as well upon the Benefitt of Survivorshipp as upon the yearely Annuities of Foureteen Pound? per Centum did not name to the Auditor of the Receipt or Clerk of the Pells in the Receipt of the Exchequer by or within the respective times by the said Act appointed the respective Lives dureing which such Dividend? Shares Annuities or other Benefitt? respectively were to continue It is hereby further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid That if such Persons or any of them shall att any time or times before the first day of March next nominate to the Auditor of the Receipt or the Clerke of the Pells in the said Exchequer the respective Lives their owne or others dureing which such Dividend? Shares Annuities or other Benefitt? should continue respectively That then and in every such case his her or their Nominees shall be entred in the Book? kept in the said Receipt for the Nominees And every such Contributor or Contributors his her and their Executors Administrators and Assigns respectively shall have receive and enjoy and be entituled to have receive and enjoy [[such and'] the like Dividend? Shares Annuities and other Benefitt? for and in respect of the moneys soe contributed advanced or paid as he she or they might should or ought to have had received or enjoyed in case the respective Lives for the same had been named within the respective times by the said Act prescribed any thing in this or the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted That the surplus or remainder of the moneys ariseing by the said rates and duties appointed by the said Act to be to the use of theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors shall not be charged or chargeable with any guift grant or pension whatsoever And that all and every grant amd grant? of any such pensions shall bee and is hereby declared to be utterly void And all and every person and persons to whom such grant? are or shall be passed shall be and are hereby made accomptant? unto theire Majesties their Heires and Successors and shall pay back all sums of money received by pretence of such grant? and the Court of Exchequer is hereby required to issue out processe accordingly.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines.

WHEREAS by a Clause in one Act of Parliament made in the First yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act to repeal the Statute made in the Fifth yeare of King Henry the Fourth against the multiplying of Gold and Silver It is amongst other thing? enacted that noe Mine of Tin Copper Iron or Lead shall hereafter be adjudged reputed or taken to bee a Royal Mine although Gold or Silver may be extracted out of the same But notwithstanding the good provision by the said Statute to prevent the discourageing their Majesties good Subjedf who have Mines of Copper Tin Iron or Lead in their Soyls from digging and opening the same many doubt? and questions have arisen upon the said Statute whereby great suit? and troubles have arisen to many owners and Proprietors of such Mines. Wherefore for the better explanacon of the said Statute Be it enacted and declared by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the C.omons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That all and every Person or Persons being Subject? of the Crowne of England Bodies Politick or Corporate that now are or hereafter shall be the Owner or Owners Proprietor or Proprietors of any Mine or Mines within the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed wherein any Ore now is or hereafter shall be discovered opened found or wrought and in which there is Copper Tin Iron or Lead shall and may hold and enjoy the same Mine or Mines and Ore and continue in the possession thereof and dig and work the said Mine or Mines or Ore notwithstanding that such Mine or Mines or Ore shall be pretended or claimed to be a Royall Mine or Royall Mines any Law Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always and be it enatted and declared That their Majesties [ther1] Heirs and Successors and all claimeing any Royal Mines under them shall and may have the Ore of any such Mine or Mines in any part of the said

Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed (other then Tin Ore in the Counties

of Devon and Cornwall) paying to the Proprietors or Owners of the said Mine or Mines wherein such Ore is or shall be found within Thirty days after the said Ore is or shall bee raised and laid upon the Bank? of the said Mine or Mines and before the same be removed from thence the rates following (that is to say) For all

Ore washt made cleane and merchantable wherein is Copper the rate of Sixteen Pound? per Tun and for all Ore

washt made cleane and merchantable wherein there is Tin the rate of Fourty Shilling? per Tun and for all Ore washt made clean and merchantable wherein there is Iron the rate of Fourty Shilling? per Tun and for all Ore washt made cleane and merchantable wherein there is Lead the rate of Nine Pound? per Tun and in default of

' interlined on die Roll.

* their O.

A.D. 169‘6.

447

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 6, 7.

payment of such respective sums as aforesaid it shall and may be lawfull for the Owners and Proprietors of the said Mine or Mines wherein such Ore is are or shall be found to sell and dispose of the said Ore to his and theire own uses any Law Statute or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always That nothing [conteined'] in this Act shall alter determine or make void the Charters granted III.

to the Tinners of Devon and Cornwall by any of the King? and Queens of this Realme or any of the Liberties charters°&:c to Priveledges or Franchises of the said Tinners or to alter determine or make void the Laws Customs or Constitutions Tinners of Devon of the Stanneries of Devon or Cornwall or any of them.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt and upon Beer Ale and other Liquors poti pQTi.pt. 2.

for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act menebed to such Persons as shall *»•6*

voluntarily advance the sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the Warr against France.

WEE your Majesties most loyal and dutiful Subjedf the Commons in Parliament assembled being sensible of Reasons for passing

the great and necessary expence in which your Majesties are engaged for carrying on the present Warr against the lh,#

French King and being desirous to supply the same in such manner as may be least grievous to your Majesties

SubjedC Therefore for the incouragement of such Persons who shall voluntarily contribute to the advancing and

paying into your Majesties Exchequer towards carrying on the said Warr any sum or sums of money not exceeding

the sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds upon the respective terms and recompences hereafter menebed wee your Majesties said loyal and dutiful Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled have given and granted and do hereby give and grant unto your Majesties the several Rates and Duties herein after menebed for and dureing

the several terms herein after expressed And do beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted. And be Rates upon Sal*

it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties by the advice and consent of the Lords for thn*Year8,

Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That from and after the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety foure there shall be throughout the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed raised levied collected and paid unto their Majesties their Heires and Successors until the Seventeenth day of May which shall be in the yeare of

our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety seaven and noe longer for Salt the Rates and Duties following (that

is to say). For every Gallon of Salt not being of the product or manufacture of the Kingdom of England Foreign Salt 3d.

Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed imported or to be imported from and after the said Five P«rGallon-

and twentieth day of March into the said Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon

Tweed the sum of Three pence of lawfull money of England to bee paid by the Importer thereof over and above

the present Duties now payable for Salt imported and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity. And for Home Salt i£d.

every Gallon of Salt and Rock Salt made att the Salt-works or taken out of any Pittf within the said Kingdom of Gallon.

England Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed the sum of One penny halfe penny and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Duty hereby sett on all foreigne and imported Salt shall be from time to time satisfied and paid by the Merchant or Merchant^ Importer or Importers of the

same in ready money upon his or their Entry or Entries made and before the landing thereof and that in case

any forreigne or imported Salt shall be landed or put on shore out of any Ship or Vessel from beyond the Seas before due Entry bee made thereof with the Collector or Officer appointed or to be appointed for the said Duty on Salt in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported or before the Duty hereby imposed bee fully satisfied and paid or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering of such Imported Salt first signed by the hand of the said Collector or Officer for the said Duty on Salt in the said Port and Place respectively that all

such imported Salt as shall be landed putt on shore or delivered contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof

or the value thereof shall be forfeited and lost and shall be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof in manner as is herein after provided Neverthelesse that all and every person importing any Salt into this Kingdom for which the aforesaid Duty is payable by this Act shall have Six months time for the payment thereof from the time of the Importation giving security to the person appointed to collect the same and in case such Importer shall pay ready money hee shall have after the rate of 'Fen per Centum per Annum out of the said Duty abated him

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Dutyes on Salt shall from time to time be within the receipt management and government of the chief Comissioners and Governors of the receipt of Excise for the time being and that all Collectors and other Officers necessary for the ascertaining collecting or receiving of the said Duty upon Salt shall be constituted and appointed under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners and Governors of the receipt of Excise for the time being or the major part of them and that all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be sued for recovered levied and received or mitigated by the same means rules ways and methods as any Penaltie or Forfeiture is to be sued for or recoverable or is menconed expressed or directed to be recovered in and by one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth yeare of the Reign of the late 1

II.

Duty upon Foreign Salt paid by Importer upon Entry and before Landing.

Landing before Entry or Duty paid, or without Warrant;

Penalty.

III.

Duty under Commissioners of Excise,

Collectors, Sec. how appointed. Penalties, &c. recovered as by 12 Car. II. c. 24. or any other Law in Force.

1 interlined on the Roll.

5° Gul. & Mar. c.T.

A.D. 1693.

IV. Entries of the Quantities.

Officers Warrant to remove gratis, on Payment of or Security for Duty.

Penalty.

Allowance on prompt Payment.

V.

Conveying Salt without Warrant.

Salt seized and detained, if not claimed within Ten Days, forfeited and sold;

Proceeds of Sale, how disposed of;

and if Owner does not make it appear on Oath that Salt was duly entered, &c.

Penalty.

VI.

Retailer not to convey Salt by Water, till he shew that Duty is paid.

VII. Master of Vessel, before he has a Warrant for landing, to deliver in a Particular of Quantity, duly signed, and Oath that no other Salt laid on board.

Officer to certify Quantity.

Penalty.

King Charles the Second entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in capite and by Knightf Service and Purveyance and settling a Revenue on His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any

other Law or Statute now in force relateing to the Revenue of Excise and that as fully and amply to all intent?

as if the several clauses in the said Aftf or any of them contained were herein reenacted and repeated.

And be it enacted That all makers and proprietors of Salt and Rock Salt within the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed shall from time to time make true entries with the said Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid some or one of them of the quantities of Salt soe by them made or taken out of any pitt or pittf and delivered or imported as aforesaid and shall likewise have a Warrant or 'Pickett under the Hand and Seale of some one of the said Officers impowering such maker or proprietor of Salt to carry away the same before such time as the said Salt made or taken out of any pitt or pittf within any the places aforesaid or any part thereof shall be removed or carried from the respective Salt-works or pittf under the several penalties and forfeitures herein after mencoed which said Warrant the said Officers are hereby required to give gratis unto the said makers or proprietors of such Salt upon payment or giving security for the payment of the duties hereby granted within six months after such entry made which secureity the said Cdmissioners and Officers are hereby [authorized &'] required to accept upon such entry as aforesaid. Provided always That if any person

or persons att the time of the entry and delivery of his or their Salt shall pay downe the Duty hereby imposed such

person or persons shall be allowed att the Rate of Ten pounds per Centum per Annum for the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may bee lawfull for the said Officers soe appointed to seize all such Salt which shall from and after the said Five and twentieth day of March be

conveying or conveyed by day or by night either by land or by water before due entry be made of such Salt

without Warrant Tickett or Licence obtained from the Commissioners of the Duties granted by this Act their Collectors or Officers or some or one of them as aforesaid for the conveying or carrying the said Salt And the Salt that shall be soe seized shall be brought to the Office appointed for these Duties next adjoyneing to the place where such Salt shall be so seized there to be detained and kept And in case the Salt so seized shall not be claimed by the true and law'full Owner thereof or by one deputed under his or their hand within Ten days after seizure the said Salt shall be absolutely forfeited to their Majesties and shall be sold the next general day of Sale to be appointed by the Comissioners or their Officers respectively after the said days are expired the one moyety or halfe part of the proceed thereof (all necessary Charges being first deducted out of the whole) to bee paid to the use of their Majesties and the other moyety or halfe part to be paid to the partie or parties who seized the same And in case such Salt soe seized shall be claimed within Ten days by the true and lawfull Owner thereof or by one deputed thereunto under his hand And if the said Owner or Claimer shall neverthelesse neglect or refuse to make it appeare before the next Justice of Peace of the County where such seizure shall be made by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice is hereby impowered to administer) that the said Salt soe seized [was1] or had been duely entred and a Warrant Tickett or Licence obtained for the carrying and conveying the same as aforesaid that then the said Salt shall likewise be forfeited to their Majesties to be sold and disposed of as aforesaid And every person who shall carry or convey or cause any

Salt to be carried and conveyed before due entry made and Warrant or Licence obtained as aforesaid shall likewise

forfeit to their Majesties double the value of such Salt soe carryed or conveyed.

And be it further enacted That noe Retailer nor Shopkeeper shall be permitted to ship any Salt to be sent to any Port within this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed before hee hath made it appeare by Oath or otherwise before the Comissioners for collecting of the said Duties granted by this Act or their Officers or some or one of them that the Duty of such Salt is paid or secured to be paid or that it was bought of some other Retailer or Shopkeeper that hath paid the Duty.

And be it further enacted That all and every Master and Comander of any Shipp or Vessel whatsoever that from and after the said Five and twentieth day of March shall transport or carry any Salt or Rock Salt from one Port to another within this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed shall before hee or they have any Warrant for the landing or delivering of such Salt (by him transported and carried) on Shore in any Port) deliver to the Officers for collecting the said Duties granted by this Act in the said Port appointed to receive the same a true particular of the quantity so transported and carried as aforesaid signed by the Officers for collecting the said Duties granted by this Act and by the Officers of the Customs of the Port from whence the said Shipp or Vessel came and that then the Master or his Mate or the Boatswain of such Ship or Vessel shall make Oath before the Comissioners for collecting the said Duties granted by this Act or their Officers some or one of them that to his knowledge there hath not been laid on board or taken into the said Ship or Vessel any Salt since he or they came from such Port as aforesaid And in case such Ship or Vessel be to deliver one part of her Salt att one Port and another part att another Port or Ports that then the Officer for collecting the said Duties and Officers of the Customs when such part of the said Salt shall be delivered shall certifie on the backside of the Cocquett Transire or other Warrant or else by Certificate alone under the Hands and Seals of the Officers how much and what quantity of the Salt menconed in the Cocquett Transire or other Warrant from the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel came hath been there landed and delivered upon the Penalty of forfeiting double the Value of the Salt that shall be otherwise delivered.

• interlined on the Roll.

44 9

5° Gul. & Mar. c.7.

And be it further enacted That no Fee or Reward be had or taken for makeing issueing or granting any of the Tickettf Warrantf or Licences herein before mencoed but that the same be made issued and granted gratis.

Provided always and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for all such Fish hereafter mencoed as shall be exported dureing the continuance of the Duty upon Salt by this Act imposed from any Port or Place in this Kingdom Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed into parts beyond the Seas by any person or

persons whatsoever the Rates or Sums of money hereafter expressed (that is to say) For every Cask or Vessel

of Pilchardf or Scadf containeing Fifty Gallons Twelve shillingf and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity. For every Barrel of White Herring Two shillingf and six pence. For every Barrel of Red Herringf Two shillingf. For every Barrel of Salmon Five shillingf For every Hundred of Cod-Fish Ling Conger or Hake Fifteene shillingf and so proportionably for a greater or smaller number or quantity shall be paid by the Officer appointed to collect the Duties upon Salt payable by this Act in the same Port from whence any such Fish shall be exported within Thirty days after demand thereof on a Debenture to be prepared by the Collector of the Customs in the Port where such Fish shall be entred out for exportation and verified by the person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port as to the quantity of Fish actually shipped and that the Oath of the Exporter or Agent be first taken before the principal Officers of the said Port before the Debenture be allowed who are hereby required and impowered to give the said Oath that the Fish in such Debenture mencoed were English taken and really exported to parts beyond the Seas and not intended to be relanded in England Wales or Berwick

for which Debenture no Fee or Reward shall be taken And in case the Officer hereby directed to pay such

Debenture shall not have sufficient money in his Hands to pay the same then upon Certificate thereof by him made (which Certificate he is hereby required to give the party gratis) the principal Commissioners for manageing their Majesties Revenue of Excise for the time shall be chargeable with the said payment to be made in course out of the first money in their Hands ariseing out of the said Duties upon Salt And any Officer neglecting or refuseing to pay the said money or to give such Certificate as is here directed shall forfeit double the sum so to be paid to the party grieved to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed

VIII.

Ticket gratis.

IX.

Reward to Exporter of certain Fish,

on Debenture verified by Searcher of Quantity and

Officer not having Money in hand to pay Debenture, Commissioners chargeable.

Officer neglecting to pay

Penalty.

Provided always and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person [or1] persons shall export beyond the Seas any Salt as well Forreigne as English or any Rock Salt the Officer of the place where the said Salt was made taken out of Pittf or imported and the Duty thereof paid or secured to be paid shall upon demand deliver gratis a Certificate under his Hand and Seale that the Duty imposed by this Act on such Salt hath been duely paid or secured to be paid and then the Officer of the place where the Salt is exported upon produceing the said Certificate and Oath made of shipping off the said Salt and of its not being relanded in England or Wales shall give a Debenture under his Hand for repayment of the said Duty which being produced to the Officer of the place where the Duty on the said Salt shall have been paid or secured to be paid such security shall be discharged And all and every sum and sums of money paid for the duty of the said Salt shall be repaid upon demand by the said Officer without fee or reward.

t

And be it further enacted That the Justices of the Peace not concerned in makeing or selling Salt in every County Riding or Division of England shall and are hereby authorized and impowered att every Easter and Michaelmas Quarter Sessions to sett the prizes of all Salt and Rock Salt to bee sold by the maker or first seller thereof in the said County for the halfe yeare next ensuing and that noe person or persons that shall be the maker or first seller of any Salt shall sell the same for more then the prizes so sett by the said Justices as aforesaid over and above the duty payable by virtue of this Act upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence Five pounds and double the value of the Salt so sold to be levied by distresse and sale of the Offenders Goods the one moiety thereof to be paid to their Majesties their Heires and Successors and the other moiety thereof to the Informer.

X;

Duty repaid upon Exportation.

Debenture given.

XL

Quarter Sessions to set the Rate of Salt.

Selling above the Rate;

Penalty.

And be it enacted and declared That all Salt imported or brought by Sea or Land into the Kingdom of England XII.

Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed and not of the product of any of the said places shall be imported deemed adjudged and deemed to be forreigne Salt imported and shall bee charged as such with the duty of Three pence Foreign Salt, per Gallon by this Act granted and that all Scotch Salt brought into England by land shall be entred att Carlisle or Berwick with the Officer or Officers for that purpose there to be appointed under the penalty of the forfeiture of double the value of such Salt soe brought in.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe person or persons shall be capable of acting as chief XIII. Comissioner for collecting the said duties granted by this Act until he or they shall before one of the Barons of Commlsstoner,' the Exchequer take the Oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the first yeare of their Majesties i W.& M.Seat.i. Reigne entituled An Act for the abrogateing the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths and the Oath following,

YOU shall sweare to execute your Office truly and faithfully without favour or affection and shall from time to time true Accompt make and deliver to such person and persons as their Majesties shall appoint to receive the same and shall take noe Fee or Reward for the execucon of the said Office from any other person then from their Majesties or those whom their Majesties shall appoint on that behalfe. Soe helpe you God &c

* interlined on the Roll.

5 Y

A.D. 1699.

5° Gul. & Mar. c.T.

XIV.

Oaths taken by the Under Officers.

XV.

In Actions brought against Persons executing Act, General Issue.

Double Costs.

XVI.

No Certiorari upon Orders made by Commissioners, &c.

XVII. Measure of Salt settled.

XVIII. Removing Salt without Notice; Penalty ggzo.

XIX.

Rclanding Salt laden for Exportation;

Penalty.

XX. Proviso for Persons losing Salt at Sea.

XXI.

Owner removing Salt from Pits after Entry, not obliged to pay Excise till sola.

XXII. Contracts heretofore made, how charged.

And be it likewise enacted That noe person or persons shall be capable of intermeddling with any office or employment relatcing to the said Duties granted by this Act other then that of chief Comissioner until he or they shall (before Two or more of the chief Comissioners for collecting the Duties granted by this Act or before two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where they shall be appointed Officers for execution of this Act) take the aforesaid Oaths appointed by the said Act and the said other last inencoed Oath mutatis mutandis And the said Barons of the Exchequer and chief Comissioners for collecting the said Duties granted by this Act the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer the said Oaths,

Provided always and be it enacted That if any person or persons shall att any time be sued or prosecuted

for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act he or they shall or may plead the General Issue and give this Act in evidence for his defence and if upon tryal a verdict shall passe for the Defendant or Defendants or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuit discontinue or forbeare prosecuteing the said Actions then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs for which costs hee shall have such Remedy as in other cases where costs are by lawe given to

Defendants.

Provided also and be it enacted That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede execuc6n or other proceedingf upon any order or orders made by the said chief Comissioners or Justices of Peace in pursuance of this Act but that execucon and other proceedingf shall & may bee had and made thereupon any such Writ or Writtf or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

t

Provided always and be it further enacted for the ascertaining of all measures where the said Duties are to bee paid That all Salt be measured by a Bushell of Eight Gallons Winchester measure and by fitt measurers liveing upon the place where the Salt is made to be sworne and admitted by some Justice of Peace neare adjoyneing without charge or fee upon forfeiture of double the value of the Salt that shall not be so measured.

And be it enacted That no Salt shall be delivered from any Salt-works or pittf without notice first given to the Officer appointed for that purpose upon paine of forfeiture of the Salt so delivered and upon paine of twenty pounds to be forfeited by the Owner or Owners of the Salt works or pittf where such Salt shall bee so delivered the moiety of which forfeitures to be to the use of the Prosecutors and the other moiety to the use of their Majesties.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any of the Salt for which the Duty shall have been repaid and discharged upon the exportation thereof as is herein before directed shall by fraud or otherwise be landed in England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed before the Duty be again paid and such entry and all other things performed as are herein before required in case where any Forreigne Salt is imported every person soe offending shall forfeit double the value of such Salt so landed and such other penalties and forfeitures as are herein inflicted upon any person who shall land any Forreigne Salt contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Merchant or other person being a subject of this Realme of England shall dureing the continuance of this Act ship any Salt or Rock-Salt that hath paid the Duty to their Majesties by this Act imposed to convey it by Sea to any part of England and the Vessel on

which such Salt as aforesaid is shipt shall either perish att Sea or be taken by Enemies with such Salt on board

her that in such case any Merchant or person Owner of the said Salt shall upon proof made before the Justices of the Peace att the Quarter Sessions held for the County Riding Division or Towne wherein hee doth inhabit of the losse of such Salt so shipt receive from the said Sessions a Certificate that such proof was made before them and upon produceing the said Certificate to any of their Majesties Officers appointed to collect the Duty by this Act imposed the said Officer or Officers are hereby required to let such persons buy the like quantity of Salt as is expressed in the Certificate to bee lost without paying to their Majesties any Duty or Excise for the same any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for the Owners and Proprietors of any Salt-Rock or Rock Salt to remove and carry out of and from the Pittf or Warehouses adjoyneing to or belonging to such Pittf into his or their other Warehouses or other places for storing thereof for conveniency of selling or shipping off the same any of the said Salt-Rock or Rock Salt after due entry made thereof and a Warrant or Ticket! taken for the same from the Officer next to such Salt-pittf which Warrant or Tickett the said Officer is hereby required upon demand to give without fee or reward as aforesaid And that the said Owners or Proprietors shall not be obliged to pay or secure the payment of the said Duty until such time as the said Salt-Rock or Rock-Salt shall be sold and delivered as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no person or persons whatsoever shall be obliged by vertue of any contract made att any time before the First day of December One thousand six hundred ninety three to deliver any Salt or Rock Salt unlesse the person who is to receive the same shall before or att the

time for delivery of the same by such contract pay to the seller thereof such sum or sums as hee shall have

paid or secured to pay for the Duty for the same by vertue of this Act.

451

5° Gul. & Mar. c.T.

And whereas Salt made att the present Salt-works in the County Palatine of Chester when taken from the Pans is put into Walms Baskettf or Vessellf and must be by the Maker some miles distant from the works before hee can deliver the same to the Merchant or first Buyer so that to break and measure the Salt att the said Salt-works

would be great losse to the makers thereof be it therefore enacted That all Salt made att the said Salt-works in

the said County shall be entred by weight onely and that Fifty six pounds weight thereof shall bee deemed and taken to bee a Winchester Bushel of Eight Gallons Winchester measure and shall bee entred rated and taxed accordingly.

And whereas Salt-Rock or Rock-Salt taken out of pittf is in such great Lumps that it cannot be measured without breaking the same to powder which would be great losse to the Proprietors thereof be it therefore enacted That all Salt Rock or Rock Salt taken out of pittf shall be entred by weight onely and that Sixscore pounds weight thereof shall be deemed and taken to bee a Winchester Bushel of Eight Gallons Winchester measure and shall bee entred rated and taxed accordingly.

And to the intent that Salt made by melting and refining of Rock Salt may not contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act be charged more then other English Salt be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That where any such Rock Salt shall be melted and refined which had before paid the Duty imposed by this

A61 according to the direction of the same the person who shall make such Salt by refineing shall receive an

allowance and abatement of Duty on the Salt by him soe made after the rate and proporcon of Twelve pence for every Bushel of such Rock Salt soe melted and refined which had paid the Duty as aforesaid Oath being first made before some Justice of the Peace neare adjoyning to such Salt-Works of the particular quantities of the said Rock Salt soe by him employed in makeing the said Salt by refineing which Oath the said Justice of the Peace is hereby impowered to administer and upon due proof by Oath or otherwise made of the payment of the Duty imposed by this Act.

And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Second yeare of their Majesties Reign entifuled An Act for granting to their MajUe\ several additional Duties upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for Foure yeares from the time that an Act for doubleing the Duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors dureing the space of one yeare doth expire it was enacted from and after the Seventeenth day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety one there should bee throughout their Majesties Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed raised levied collected and paid unto their Majesties and their Successors dureing the space and terme of Foure yeares and noe longer for Beer Ale Cyder and other Liquors therein menefted by way of Excise over and above all other Duties Charges and impositions by any former Act or Adf which should be then unexpired sett and imposed in such manner as therein is menebed be it further enacted That for the further encouragement of such persons who shall voluntarily contribute as aforesaid towards the raiseing and paying into their Majesties Exchequer any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds upon the several termes and recompences herein after inenebed that from and after the Seventeenth day of May which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety seaven there shall be throughout their Majesties Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed raised levied collected and paid unto their Majesties their Heires and Successors dureing the space termeof Sixteen years and noe longer for Beer Ale Cyder and other Liquors herein after expressed by wray of Excise over and above all Duties Charges and Impositions by any former Act or Adf then unexpired sett and imposed one moiety or halfe part of the several Rates and Duties of Excise granted by the said last mentioned Act in manner and forme following (that is to say)

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six shillingf the Barrel exclusive of the Duty of Excise brewed by the comon Brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately to bee paid by the comon Brew'er or by such other person or persons respectively and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties payable for the same Nine pence.

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of Six shillingf the Barrel or under brew'ed by the comon Brewer or any other person or persons who shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately to bee paid by the comon Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively as aforesaid and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties payable for the same Three pence.

For every Barrel of Vinegar or Vinegar Beere brewed or made of any English matterialls by any comon Brewer or any other person for sale to be paid by the Maker thereof and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Duties of Excise payable for the same One shilling six pence.

For every Barrel of Vinegar or Liquor Spared for Vinegar made here that hath run through Rape or made with or passing through any Forreigne materials or any mixture with Forreigne materials to be paid by the Maker thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity Foure shillingf.

For every Barrel of Beer Ale or Mum imported from beyond the Seas or from the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importers before landing over and above the Duties payable for the same Three shillingf

For every Tun of Cyder or Perry imported from beyond the Seas and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the Duties payable for the .same Foure pounds.

XXIII. Chester Salts entered by Weight.

XXIV.

Salt Rock by Weight.

What a Winchester Bushel.

XXV.

Allowance to Refiner,

on Oath of Quantity, and of Payment of Duty.

XXVI.

Recital of 2 W. & M. Scss. 2. c. io. § I.

Additional Excise upon Beer, &c. for Sixteen Years.

Beer, &rc. above Six Shillings, yd. per Barrel.

Beer, &c.of and below Six Shillings, 3d. per Barrel.

Vinegar, English, is. 6d. per Barrel.

Vinegar, Foreign, 4s. per Barrel.

Beer, &c-imported, 3s. per Barrel.

Cyder, &c. imported, &X per Tun.

• interlined on the Roll.

A.D.US93.

5° Gul. & Mar. c.T.

Brandy, Single, 2». per Gallon.

Brandy, Double, 49. per Gallon.

Cyder, &c. Retail, is. 3d. per Hogshead.

Metheglin, &c. 3d. per Gallon.

XXVII.

Duties recovered as under

12 Car. II. c. 24.

12 Car. II. c. 23.

15 Car. II. c. 11.

and the said Acts to be in force.

Rates under Commissioners of Excise.

XXVIII.

Money to be kept apart.

To be paid into the Exchequer weekly.

XXIX. Accounts to be kept separate.

XXX. Commissioners refusing, &c.to pay, or misapplying Monies.

Incapacity and Penalty.

XXXI.

Sum* to be a Yearly Fund.

XXXII.

Salaries provided. See.

For every Gallon of single Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the duties payable for the same Two shiliingf.

For every Gallon of Brandy Spirits or Aqua vite above Proof comonly called Double Brandy imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the duties payable for the same Foure Shiliingf.

For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by retail upon every Hogshead to be paid by the retailer thereof over and above the dudes payable for the same and so proportionably for a greater or lesser measure One Shilling Three pence

For all Metheglin or Meade made for sale whether by retaile or otherwise to be paid by the maker for every Gallon Three pence.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid that the said several Rates Duties & Impositions upon Beer Ale Cyder and other Liquors aforesaid be levied collected and paid unto their Majesties theire Heires and Successors dureing the said space and terme of Sixteene yeares in the same manner and forme and by such rules ways and meanes and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mencoed in the Act made in the Twelfth yeare of the Reigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in capite and by Knightf Service and Purveyance and for settling a Revenue upon his Majestie in lieu thereof And alsoe in and by another Act made in the Twelfth yeare of the Reigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled A Grant of certaine Impositions upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for the increase of his Majesties Revenue dureing his Life And alsoe in and by another Act made in the Fifteenth yeare of the reigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duties of Excise and preventing the Abuses therein or by any other Law in force relateing to the said Revenue

of Excise And that the aforesaid Aftf and every Article Rule and Clause therein mentioned as for and

concerning only the Rates Duties and Impositions upon Beer Ale and other Liquors by this Act granted shall be of full force and effect to all intentf and purposes dureing the said terme of Sixteene yeares in like manner as

if the same were att large and particularly recited and sett downe in the Body of this Act And that the said

Rates and Duties of Excise and [the1] other Duties upon Salt by this Act granted shall from time to time be within the Receipt and Government of the chiefe Commissioners and Governours of the Receipt of fthe'] Excise for the time being.

And be it enacted by Authority aforesaid that the said Commissioners and Governours for Management and Receipt of the Excise att the Head Office in London for the time being shall separate and keep a part all and every the moneys raised by the rates and duties of Excise and other Duties upon Salt hereby granted as the same shall from time to time arise or be paid into the said Office of Excise by the Receivers or Collectors of the same or by any other person whatsoever And the said Commissioners and Governors of Excise for the time being are hereby required and strictly enjoyned from time to time to pay weekely (videlicet) on Wednesday in every week if it bee not a Holiday and if it be then the next day after that is not a Holiday all and every the moneys ariseing by the rates and duties of Excise and other duties hereby granted into the receipt of their Majesties Exchequer distinct and apart from the other moneys which the said Commissioners and Governors of Excise shall receive for the use of their Majesties their Heires and Successors.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that there shall be provided and kept in their Majesties

Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the receiptf One book in which all the said weekely

moneys which shall bee paid into the Excheq* as aforesaid shall be entred apart and distinct from all other moneys paid or payable to their Majesties their Heires and Successors upon any account whatsoever.

And be it further enacted that if the said Comissioners and Governours of Excise for the time being shall refuse or neglect to pay into the Exchequer all or any the said weekly sums appointed to bee paid as aforesaid in such manner as they are before by this Act required to doe or shall divert or misapply any of the same then they for every such Offence shall forfeit their Offices of Commissioners and Governours for the management and receipt of the Excise and be incapable of any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever and shall be lyable to pay the full value of any sum or sums soe diverted or misapplied to any person or persons who will sue for the same by any Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Wager of Law Priviledge of Parliament or other Priviledge or more then one Imparlance shall bee granted or allowed.

And bee it further enacted that all the said sums soe as aforesaid appointed to bee [paid1] weekely into the

receipt of Exchequer dureing the said terme of Sixteen yeares shall be the yearely Fond for the several and

respective purposes herein after mentioned and expressed.

Provided always and be it enacted that it shall and may bee lawfull to and for their Majesties their Heires and Successors out of the said Duties ariseing upon Salt to cause such sum and sums of money to bee expended and paid from time to time for Salaries or other incident Charges as shall bee necessary in and for the receiving collecting levying or manageing of the same Duties upon Salt dureing the [said1] terme therein by this Act granted Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

interlined on the Roll.

5° Gul. & Mak. c.T.

453

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that the Head Office of Excise which is now established ■within the City of London shall be continued and be within the said City or Ten miles thereof and a sufficient number of Commissioners therein from time to time shall bee continued or appointed by their Majesties their Heires and Successors to governe and manage the receipt of Excise and to performe and execute the several matters and things hereby enjoyned to be done and executed by such Commissioners until the same shall be fully performed and complyed with according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And that in like

manner there shall be continued and be within the said City or Tenne miles thereof by the appointment of their Majesties their Ileires and Successors a Comptroller of Excise until such time as all matters and things which by this Act such Comptroller is enjoyned to doe and performe shall be fully performed and accomplished which [said'] Comptroller for the time being is hereby alsoe required and comanded to keep a perfect and distinct account in Books fairely written of all the moneys which shall arise by the said duties upon Salt and the [said '] duties of Excise by this Act granted as the same respectively shall from time to time arise come or be brought into the said Office of Excise To which Books all persons concerned shall have free access att all seasonable times without Fee or charge And that the said Commissioners and Comptroller shall execute their respective Offices in the performance of all things enjoyned by this Act without any other Salary Fee or Reward then what they now have or enjoy.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that yearely and every yeare reckoning the first yeare to begin from the said five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety foure the full sum of One hundred and fourty thousand pounds by or out of the moneys to arise by the said duties upon Salt and by the said rates and duties of Excise hereby granted or either of them and to be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer by weekely paymentf as aforesaid in case the said weekly paymentf shall extend thereunto shall be the whole and entire yearely Fund And in case the said weekely paymentf shall not amount to One hundred and fourty thousand Pounds per annum then the said weekely moneys or paymentf soe far as the same will extend shall be part of the yearely Fund for and towards the answering or paying of the Annuities herein after mencoed and for other the purposes hereafter in this Act expressed And in case the said duties upon Salt and the said rates and duties of Excise by this Act granted or either of them shall att any time or times appeare to bee soe deficient or low in the produce of the same as that within any One yeare to bee reckoned as aforesaid the weekely paymentf upon the same rates or duties or any of them shall not amount to soe much as One hundred and fourty thousand Pounds or to soe much as shall be sufficient to discharge and satisfie the said Annuities and other Benefittf and Advantages by this Act appointed or intended to bee paid within or for the same yeare respectively That then and soe often and in every such case the Commissioners of their Majesties Tresury and the Under Treasurer of the Exchequer now being and the Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being are hereby striCtly enjoyned and required by virtue of this Act and without any further or other Warrant to bee sued for had or obtained from their Majesties their Heires or Successors in this behalfe to cause every such deficiency to bee made good by applying and issueing or paying soe much of any Treasure or Revenue belonging or to belong to their Majesties their Heires or Successors (not being appropriated to any particular use or uses by any Act or Aclf of Parliament) towards the dischargeing or paying of the said Annuities or other Benefittf or Advantages appointed to bee paid by this Act as together with the moneys which shall have been brought into the said receipt of or for the said rates or duties upon Salt and the said rates and duties of Excise as aloresaid shall be sufficient to pay off and discharge [and shall compleately pay off and discharge*] all the moneys which within the same yeare respectively shall bee growne due or ought to bee paid upon the said Annuities or other Benefittf or Advantages according to the true intent and meaning of this present ACT

And bee it further enacted that it shall and may be lawffull for any person 6t persons Natives or Forreigners to contribute towards advancing the sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds for carrying on of the said Warr by paying att or before the tenth day of September One thousand six hundred ninety foure to any Receiver or Receivers to bee appointed for that purpose as is herein after mentioned the sum of Tenne Pounds or diverse entire sums of Tenne Pounds upon this AC* And that for the raiseing the said sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds any person who will become an Adventurer shall and may advance the sum of Tenne Pounds for which sum soe advanced hee she or they for Sixteene yeares shall be entituled to receive a Share or Dividend of the said yearely Fund as hereafter is expressed And that every Adventurer may advance as many entire sums of Tenne Pounds as hee she or they shall think fitt and for every such sum of Ten Pounds soe advanced hee shee or they is or are to bee interested in one Lott or Share in the said yearely Fund.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that such persons as their Majesties by their Commission under the Greate Seale of England shall nominate or appoint shall bee Managers and Directors for prepareing and delivering of Tickettf and to oversee the drawing of Lottf and to order doe and performe such other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this Act directed or appointed by such Managers or Directors to be done and performed And that such Managers or Directors shall meet together from time att some publick Office or Place within London or Westminster for the execution of the powers and trusts in them reposed by this Act and that the said Managers or Directors or soe many of them as shall bee present att any such Meeting or the major part of them shall cause Books to bee prepared in wffiich every Lease shall bee divided or distinguished into

1 interlined on the Roll.

5 omitted in King's Printer's Copy, and interlined on the Roll.

XXXIII. Excise Office, &c. continued.

Appointment of a Comptroller.

Accounts of Salt, and Excise kept apart.

Access to Books without Fee.

XXXIV.

.£140,000 a yearly Fund.

The Revenue chargeable if these Duties fall short.

XXXV.

Native or Alien may advance ^£10, &c.

and thereupon be entitled to a Share of the said yearly Fund.

XXXVI.

Their Majesties may appoint Managers.

Books of Tickets provided with Three Columns.

5 L

454

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 7.

Ticket.

XXXVII.

Treasury may appoint Receivers.

Security to be given by such Receivers.

Managers to examine Books with the Tickets;

and then deliver the Books to the Receivers.

Receivers on receiving the £ i o to cut out Tickets, and sign, &c. and deliver them to Contributor.

XXXVIII. Receivers to redeliver the Books to the Managers.

Receivers to account.

Managers to keep the Tickets redelivered to them.

Tickets of the Middle Column put into a Box, and marked A.

three Columns and upon the innermost of the said Columns there shall be printed One hundred thousand Tickettf numbered, t. 2. 3. and soe onwardf in arithmetical progression where the comon excesse is to bee one until they arise to and for the number One hundred thousand and upon the middle Columne in every of the said Books there shall be printed One hundred thousand Tickettf of [the'] same length breadth and forme and numbred in like manner And in the extreame Columns of the said Books there shall bee printed a third rank or series of Tickettf of the same numbers with those in the two other Columns which Tickettf shall severally bee of an oblong figure And in the said Books shall bee joyned with oblique lines in such manner as is here described.

N° I. XX N" 1. xx X N" I. This Tickett entitles the

XX Bearer to an Annuity of one Pound

Xx XX or (by Chance) to a greater yearly

XX XX sum for Sixteen Yeares

Xx XX

and that every Tickett in the third or extreame Columns of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number Words to this effect to wit [This Tickett entitles the Bearer to an Annuity of one Pound or (by Chance) to a greater yearely sum for Sixteen Yeares.]

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for the Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury or any Three or more of them now being or to and for the Treasurer of the Exchequer or any three or more of the Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury for the time being by any Instrumentf or Writings under their Hands and Seales respectively to constitute and appoint such and soe many persons as they shall think fitt to intrust or imploy to bee their Majesties Receiver and Receivers within the Cities of London and Westminster and such other Cities Townes and places in England or elsewhere as to them shall seem meet for the better expediting and carrying on of this Service taking from the said Receivers respectively such Securities for the due answering and paying of the moneys which they shall severally receive for their Majesties Use into the Receipt of the Exchequer and for the due performance of the trusts in them reposed as they the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them now being or the Treasurer of the Exchequer or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall judge reasonable and sufficient in that behalfe And that the said Managers and Directors or soe many of them as shall bee present att such a meeting as aforesaid or the major part of them then present shall carefully examine all the said Books with the Tickettf therein and see that the same bee contrived numbred and made according to the true intent and meaning of this Act and shall then deliver or cause to bee delivered the same Books to the said Receivers takeing from each Receiver an acknowledgment in writing under his Hand importing his receipt of such Book or Books and soe many Tickettf therein as shall bee delivered to him respectively that soe the said Receiver may bee charged to answer Ten pounds in money for every one [of1] the Tickettf in the extreame Columns which shall bee delivered to him or for soe many of them as hee shall not retume back to the said Managers or Directors And every such Receiver respectively is hereby directed and required upon his receiving of every or any sum of Ten pounds from any person or persons contributing or adventuring as aforesaid to cut out of the said Book or Books soe to bee put into his Custody thorow the said oblique lines indent wise a Tickett of the Tickettf in the said extream Columns which the said Receiver is to signe with his owne name and hee shall permitt the contributor or adventurer (if it be desired) to write his Name or marke on the two corresponding Tickettf in the same Book and att the same time the said Receiver shall deliver to the said Contributor or Adventurer the Tickett soe cutt off which hee or shee or they are to keep and use for the better ascertaining and secureing of the respective share which hee shee or they his her or their Assignes are to have in the said Fund for the money soe by him her or them contributed or adventured.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the [said'] several Receivers on the Twentieth day of September which shall bee in the yeare one thousand six hundred ninety foure shall re-deliver to the said Managers and Directors att their said Office or Place of meeting all the said Books and therein all the Tickettf of the first and second Coluinnes before mentioned and soe many of the said Tickettf of the extreame Columns (if any such bee) as the said Receivers shall not have cutt out and delivered to the Contributors for their money as aforesaid and shall then and there also deliver to the said Managers and Directors a true and just account in writing under their hands of all sum and sums of money accrued or come to the hands of such Receiver and Receivers respectively by or for the Tickettf delivered out as aforesaid and how the same or how much thereof shall have been actually paid by every such Receiver into the Receipt of the Exchequer to and for their Majesties use and behoofe and that the said Managers and Directors or the major part of them which shall bee present att a meeting as aforesaid shall cause all the Tickettf of the said middle Columns in the Books which shall bee delivered back to them by or from the said Receivers in case all the corresponding Tickettf in the extreame Columns shall have been disposed for money as aforesaid to bee carefully rolled upp and made fast with Thread or Silk and in case all the Tickettf in the extreame Columns shall not have been disposed for money as aforesaid that then the said Managers and Directors or the major part of them which shall bee present as aforesaid shall cause soe many of the Tickettf of the said middle Columns as shall corespond with or bee the counterpartf of those of the extreame Columns which shall have been cutt out and disposed for money as aforesaid and none

» interlined on the Roll.

455

other to bee carefully rolled upp and made fast with Thread or Silk as is before mentioned and the said Managers and Directors or the major part of them as aforesaid shall in their presence and in the presence of such of the Adventurers as will bee there cause all the Tickettf which are to bee soe rolled upp and made fast as aforesaid to bee cutt off indent wise thorow the said oblique lines into a Box to bee prepared for this purpose and to bee marked with the letter A; which Box is presently to bee putt into another strong Box and to bee loekt upp with seven different Locks and Keys to bee kept by as many of the said Managers and sealed with their seales or the seals of some of them until the said Tickettf are to bee drawne as is herein after mentioned and that the Tickettf in the first or innermost Columns of the said Books shall remaine still in the Books for discovering any mistake or fraud if any such should happen to bee comitted contrary to the true meaning of this Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Managers and Directors or the major part of them which shall bee present att any meeting as aforesaid shall alsoe prepare or cause to bee prepared other Books in which every Lease shall bee divided or distinguished into two Columns and upon the innermost of those Columns there shall bee printed One hundred thousand Tickettf and upon the outermost of the said two Columns

there shall bee printed one hundred thousand Tickettf all which shall bee of equal length and breadth as neare

as may bee which two Columns in the said Books shall bee joyned with some flourish or devise thorow which the outermost Tickettf may bee cut off indentwise and that two thousand five hundred Tickettf part of those to bee contained in the outermost Columns of the Books last menefted shall bee and bee called the Fortunate Tickettf to which extraordinary benefittf shall belong as is herein after mentioned and in case the said whole sum of ten hundred thousand pounds shall bee advanced and contributed by Contributors or Adventurers as aforesaid then the said Managers and Directors or the major part of them or such of them as shall bee present att a meeting as aforesaid shall cause the said fortunate Tickettf to bee written upon as wrell in figures as in words at length in manner following that is to say. Upon One of them one thousand pounds yearely. Upon every one of Nine of them severally five hundred pounds yearely And upon every one of Twenty of them severally one hundred pounds yearely. And upon every one of Eighty of them severally fifty pounds yearely And upon every one of Ninety of them severally five and twenty pounds yearely. And upon every one of Three hundred of them severally

twenty pounds yearely. And upon every one of Two thousand of them severally ten pounds yearely. Which

yearely sums soe to bee written upon the said Fortunate Tickettf together with one hundred and fifty pounds yearely to bee allowed to the Owner of the first drawne Tickett and one hundred pounds yearely to the Owner of the last drawne Tickett (besides the benefittf which may happen to belong to the two Tickettf last mentioned) will amount in the whole to fourty thousand pounds per Annum part of the said yearely fund.

Provided always and it is hereby enacted That if the said whole sum of ten hundred thousand pounds shall

not bee advanced and contributed by the Contributors or Adventurers as aforesaid on or before the tenth day of

September then soe much onely of the abovesaid yearely sum of one hundred and fourty thousand pounds as shall beare proportion to the real sum which shall bee actually advanced or contributed by the Contributors or Adventurors as aforesaid shall bee the yearely Fund to bee applyed by this A<& for satisfaction of the Annuities and other purposes hereby intended that is to say as the sum of ten hundred thousand pounds is to one hundred and fourty thousand pounds per Annum soe the real sum which shall bee actually advanced or contributed on this Act as aforesaid shall bee to the certaine yearely Fund in such case provided by this A<& for the said Annuities and other purposes and in such case a diligent calculation shall bee made by the said Managers and Directors or the major part of them who shall cause all the yearely sums to bee written upon the said Fortunate Tickettf and the two yearely sums for the said first and last drawne Tickettf to bee proportioned accordingly yet soe as that every numbred Tickett which shall bee drawne not haveing a foitunate Lott to come upp for itt exceeding twenty shillingf a yeare shall neverthelesse bee entituled to twenty shillingf a yeare for the said terme of sixteene yeares And that all the said hundred thousand Tickettf as well the Fortunate as the Blankf which shall bee contained in the said outermost Columns of the Books last mencoed shall in the presence of the said Managers and Directors or the major part of them which shall bee present att a meeting as aforesaid and in the presence of such Adventurers as will then bee there, bee carefully rolled upp and fastned with Thread or Silk

and bee severally cutt out indent-wise thorow the said figure or devise into another Box to bee prepared for this

purpose and to bee marked with the letter. B. which Box shall presently bee putt into another strong Box and bee loekt upp with seven different Locks and Keyes to bee kept by as many of the said Managers and sealed upp with their Seales or the Seales of some of them until these Tickettf shall alsoe bee drawne in the manner and forme herein after mentioned and that noe money shall bee received from any Contributor or Adventurer as aforesaid after the [said13 tenth day of September And that the whole businesse ot rolling upp cutting off and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickettf and locking upp and sealing the said Boxes shall bee performed by the said Managers and Directors or such of them as aforesaid on or before the first day of October One

thousand six hundred ninety foure And to the end every person concerned may bee well assured that the

counterpane of the same number w'ith liis Tickett is putt into the Box marked with the letter A. from whence the same may bee drawne and that other matters are done as hereby directed some publick Notification in print shall bee given of the precise time or times of cutting the said Tickettf into the said Boxes to the end that

such Adventurers as shall bee minded to see the same done may bee present att the doeing thereof.

Box put into another Box and locked, See.

Tickets of the First Column to remain.

XXXIX. Books with Two Columns.

2,500 Tickets to be called the Fortunate Tickets.

The several Benefits accruing therefrom.

XL.

Fund must be proportionable to the Sum advanced.

Blanks 203. a Year, for Sixteen Years.

The Tickets to be rolled up and cut into another Box marked B. which is to be put into another Box locked, &c.

No Money to be advanced after loth September.

Public Notice of time of cutting the Tickets into the Boxes.

A.n.um.

XU.

The manner of drawing the Tickets.

XLII.

The Managers to write down the Names of the Persons to whom the fortunate Tickets belong.

When the Drawing is over, the fortunate Tickets to be printed and published.

Forging Benefit Tickets, Felony.

Managers may commit Forgers.

XLIII.

Managers to make a Book of the fortunate Tickets, and sign and transmit it into the Exchequer, and a Duplicate into the Transfer Office.

5° Gul. & Mar. c. 7.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That on the Eighth day of October One thousand six hundred ninety foure the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several boxes with all the tickettf therein to bee brought into the Guild Hall in the City of London by Eight of the clock in the forenoon of the same day and placed on a table there for the purpose and shall then and there severally attend this service and cause the two boxes containing the said tickettf to bee taken out of the other two boxes in which they shall have been loekt upp and the Tickettf or Lottf in the respective innermost boxes being in the presence of the said Managers and Directors or such of them as shall bee then present and of such adventurers as will bee there for the satisfaction of themselves well shaked and mingled in each box distinctly some one indifferent and fitt person to bee appointed and directed by the Managers aforesaid or the major part of them or of such of them as shall bee then present shall take out or draw one Tickett from that box where the said numbred Tickettf shall bee as aforesaid putt and one other indifferent and fitt person to bee appointed and directed in like manner shall presently take out a Tickett or Lott from that box where the said Two thousand five hundred fortunate and Ninety seven thousand five hundred blank Tickettf shall bee promiscuously putt as aforesaid and immediately both the Tickettf soe drawne shall bee opened and the numbred Tickett as well as the fortunate or blank Tickett shall bee named aloud and if the Tickett taken or drawne from the box containing the fortunate and blank Lottf shall appeare to bee a Blank then the numbred Tickett soe drawne with the said Blank att the same time drawne shall both bee putt upon one file and if the Tickett soe taken or drawne from the box containing the fortunate and blank Lottf shall appeare to bee one of the fortunate Tickettf then the yearely sum written upon such fortunate Tickett (whatsoever it be shall bee entred by a Clerk which the said Managers or the major part of them as aforesaid shall imploy and oversee for this purpose into a book to bee kept for entring the Numbers comeing upp with the said fortunate Tickettf and the yearely sums whereunto they shall bee entituled respectively and two of the said Managers shall sett their names as witnesses to every such entry and the said fortunate and numbred Tickett soe drawne together shall bee putt upon another file and soe the said drawing of the Tickettf shall continue by takeing one Tickett att a time out of each box and with opening nameing aloud and filing the same and by entring the fortunate Lottf in such method as is before mentioned until the whole number of Two thousand five hundred fortunate Tickettf and one more for the last as aforesaid shall bee compleatly drawne and if the same cannot bee performed in one days time the said Directors or Managers shall cause the boxes to bee loekt upp and sealed in manner as aforesaid and adjourn till the next day and soe from day to day and then open the same and proceed as above till the said whole number of fortunate Tickettf shall bee compleately drawne as aforesaid and afterwards the said numbred Tickettf soe drawne with the fortunate Tickettf drawne against the same shall bee and remaine in a strong box loekt upp as aforesaid and under the custody of the said Managers until they shall take them out to examind adjust and settle the property thereof.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That att any time after Six days and within Sixty days after the drawing shall bee finished the several Adventurers or their Agents or Assignes who shall bee actually possessed of the numbred Tickettf delivered out by the abovesaid Receivers for which fortunate Lottf shall bee drawne as aforesaid shall or may appeare with the said Tickettf soe in their respective possessions for the Managers or the major part of them which shall bee present att a meeting as aforesaid to know and w'rite downe the names of the respective persons to whom the fortunate Lottf shall severally belong and the several yearely sums soe written upon the said fortunate Tickettf as aforesaid shall severally and respectively belong and bee adjudged accepted and taken to belong and appertaine to such persons respectively as shall soe appeare with the numbred Tickettf to the said Managers or to such Persons as shall have their names indorsed upon any such Tickettf in case they bee brought to the Managers by any other hands And to the end the fortunate may know (whether absent or present) to what degree they have been soe as soon as the drawing is over the said Managers are hereby required forthwith to cause to bee printed and publisht the number of the Tickett drawne against each fortunate Tickett and the yearely sum written in the same And if any contention or dispute shall arise in adjusting the property of the said fortunate Tickettf the major part of the Managers aforesaid agreeing therein shall determine to whom it does and ought to belong And if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any such Tickett or Tickettf as aforesaid or bring any forged or counterfeit Tickett (knowing the same to bee soe) to the said Managers or any of them to the intent to defraud their Majesties or any Contributor or Adventurer or the Executors Administrators or Assignes of any Contributor or Adventurer upon this Act that then every such person or persons (being thereof convicted in due forme of Law) shall be adjudged a Felon and shall suffer as in cases of Felony and the said Managers and Directors or any two or more of them are hereby authorized and impow'ered to cause any such person or persons bringing such forged or counterfeit Tickett or Tickettf as aforesaid to bee apprehended and to committ him her or them to their Majesties Goal of Newgate to bee proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

And bee it enabled by the authority aforesaid That the said Managers and Directors or the major part of them shall cause one book of parchment or vellom to bee prepared and shall enter or cause to bee entred therein the Names and Sirnames of the respective persons who shall bee entituled to extraordinary benefitt by the said fortunate Tickettf or Lottf with the respective places of their abode and against every one of their Names the yearely annuity which hee or she respectively is to have by virtue of this Act as well in words att length as in figures and the names sirnames and places of abode of the respective persons who shall be entituled to the Annuities in respect of their numbers being first and last drawne as aforesaid with the Anuities payable to those two persons

5° Gul. & Mar. c.T.

467

respectively and that the book last mentioned shall bee signed by the said Managers or the major part of them and transmitted by the first day of March One thousand six hundred ninety foure att the farthest into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer into the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt there to remaine for the future and a true duplicate thereof by the same time shall bee transmitted to the Comissioner or Officer of the Transfer Office herein after mentioned And that every person soe to bee named in the said Book to bee transmitted into the said Receipt of Exchequer his her and their Executors Administrators and Assignes shall have receive and enjoy and bee entituled to have receive and enjoy for and dureing the said terme of sixteen yeares the respcClive Annuity or yearely sum so to bee sett against his or her name respectively in the book last mencfted out of the said yearely Fund by this Act provided which Annuities shall bee payable and paid by equal halfe yearely paymentf to witt att the Feastf of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary and Saint Michael the Archangel by equal porc&ns or within twenty days after every or any such Feast day the first payment thereof to bee made att the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary One thousand six hundred ninety five or within twenty days then next ensueing And all and every other person and persons who shall have contributed or adventured any sum of ten pounds or several entire sums of ten pounds as aforesaid not being entituled to a fortunate Lott exceeding one pound a yeare by the drawingf before mentioned his her and their Executors Administrators and Assigns shall have receive and enjoy and bee entituled to have receive and enjoy for and dureing the same terme of yeares for every such sum of ten pounds soe contributed or adventured an Annuity of one pound by the yeare out of the said Fund by this Act provided which Annuities of one pounds by the yeare apiece shall bee payable and bee paid att the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in every yeare or within [twenty1] days after the same Feast day the first paymentf thereof to bee made att the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel One thousand six hundred ninety five or within twenty days then next ensueing and that every person who shall bee commissionated by their Majesties as aforesaid to bee Managers and Directors for putting of this Act in execution before his acting in such Commission shall take the Oath following, that is to say.

A. B. do swTeare that I wall faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me And that 1 will not use any indirect art

or meanes or permitt or direct any person to use any indirect art or meanes to obtaine a Prize or fortunate Lott for my self or for any other person whatsoever And that I will doe my utmost endeavor to prevent any sinister or undue practice to bee done by any person whatsoever And that I will to the best of my judgement declare to whom any Prize Lott or Tickett of right does belong according to the true intent of this Act.

which Oath shall and may bee admininistred by any two or more of other Managers or Directors.

Provided always and bee it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid that out of the residue (which in any case will not exceed Two thousand five hundred pounds a yeare) of the said yearely sum of One hundred and fourty thousand pounds or of such other proportionable yearely sum as is hereby appointed to bee the yearely Fund for the purposes aforesaid and which shall remaine from time to time after paying or leaving sufficient to pay all the said Annuities belonging to all the fortunate and other Lottf as aforesaid itt shall and may bee Iawfull to and for their Majesties their Heires and Successors or the Comissioners of their Majesties Treasury or the Treasurer and Under-Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being pursuant to the directions of their Majesties their Heires or Successors to bee signified under the Great Seale Privy Seale or Royal Signe Manual to reward the said Managers and Directors and the Clerkf and Officers to bee imployed by and under them and the Comissioner or Officer of the Transfer Office and his Clerkf or Instrumentf for the time being and the Officers and Clerks that shall bee appointed in the Exchequer and such other Officers Ministers and persons as shall be any way imployed in this affair for their labour paines and sendee therein respectively in such proportions as shall bee thought fitt and reasonable in that behalfe.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted for the encouragent of the Adventurers to make speedy paymentf to the said Receivers of the said several sums of ten pounds apiece att any time before the said Tenth day of September the said Receiver shall immediately out of the money so by him received pay back to the respective contributor or adventurer soe much as the interest of every sum of ten pounds soe contributed or adventured shall amount unto after the rate of Fourteen pounds per Centum per Annum to bee reckoned from the day of makeing such payment by the adventurer until the Nine and twentieth day of September One thousand six hundred ninety foure And that every such Receiver upon his account and out of the moneys soe by him received shall bee allowed and discharged of soe much as hee shall soe pay back for interest and alsoe soe much more for his pains and service in receiving paying and accounting for the moneys of his receipt and for the faithful performance of his Office of Receiver as the Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury now being or the Tresurer of the Exchequer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall think reasonable soe as the allowance last mencoed doe not in any case exceed one penny in the pound upon the moneys onely which the said Receiver shall have actually paid into the Exchequer Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And to the end that all and every the paymentf of or upon the Annuities abovementioned may bee duely made to such person or persons that shall or may become rightful Proprietors thereof as is herein and hereby directed and appointed and for the makeing the said paymentf easie and safe to the adventurers in this adventure and for the negociating settling and disposeing of the annual and other paymentf aforesaid soe that they may become more valuable and useful in payment to and from each person as the occasions of the Adventurers and their Assignes may require Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That a Transfer Office be eretted and establisht in

1 interlined on the Roll.

Holders of fortunate Tickets to be paid their Annuities for Sixteen Years.

Adventurer of several £io to have 2os. per Annum for each £io for Sixteen Years.

Annuities when payable.

Oath to be taken by the Managers.

XLIV. Managers, &c. how and by whom to be rewarded.

XLV. Contributors allowed per Cent, for Money advanced before I oth Sept, till 29th Sept.

Receiver's Allowance, id. per pound.

XLVI.

A Transfer Office to be kept in London.

6 A

A.D. 1693.

458

5° Gul. &Mar. c.T.

When Fortunate Tickets adjusted, Tickets, Books, &c. remaining iti the Hands of the Managers, to be delivered to the Commissioner of Transfer Office.

Duty of the said

Commissioner

thereon.

Directions as to numbering, flourishing, and cutting off the middle Tickets and Tallies.

No Fee.

Tickets or Tallies for the Annuities of £\ per Annum payable at the Exchequer.

Person bringing a false Ticket, Penalty £$

not paid, Imprisonment.

XLVII.

Fee on Search, id.

XLVIII.

In what case Persons selling counterfeit Ticket discharged.

XLIX.

London and a Commissioner or Chief Officer appointed thereunto by their Majesties by Letters Patentf under the Greate Seale of England for the purposes hereafter expressed And that when the abovesaid fortunate Lottf shall be adjusted by the abovesaid Managers and Directors all the Tickett-Books and Tickettf which shall remaine in the hands of the said Managers (except that Book which is to bee transmitted into the Exchequer) shall bee delivered to the Commissioner of the Transfer Office who is alsoe to receive in all the ten pound Tickettf delivered out as aforesaid and to deliver to the bearer of each of those Tickettf sixteen Vellom or Paper Tickettf or Tallies for the sixteen yearely paymentf upon the annuities of one pounds by the yeare and Two and thirty Vellom or Paper Tickettf or Tallies for the Two and thirty halfe-yearely paymentf upon the higher annuities as hereafter is expressed And that Books upon a particular sort of Vellom or Paper on the back-side clouded shall by the care and direction of the Commissioner and Chief Officer of the Transfer Office bee printed to containe as many Tickettf as bee necessary for this purpose and that three of one sort bee alike numbred and flourished as hereunder described.

N°I. September 2 9,h 1605 £ To be paid 1 att the Excheq XX XXI N° I. September 29,h 1695 £ To bee paid 1. att the Exchec^ A. B. Commissioner. XX XX & XX N° I. September 29lU £ To bee paid 1. att thcExcheq,

N°I September 29th 1696 The like. XX XX XX XX XX N° I. September 29th £ To be paid 1. att the Excheq, A.B. Comissioner XX XX i N°I. September 29*' 1696 The like

N° I September 29th 1697 The like XX XX XX XX XX N°I September 29th 1697 To be paid 1 att the Excheq A. B Comissioner XX XX XX XX XX N°I. September 29th 1697 The like

And soe on till 29,b September 1710 XXXXXI XXXXX And soe on till September 29'b 1710 X 5 And soe on till September 29th 1710

That the middle Paper Tickett or Tally of the three bee cutt off indent-wise to bee delivered out as aforesaid That one of the (') three bee bound upp in a Book to remaine in the Transferr Office for any person to know whether the Tickett or Tally that is offered to bee disposed bee a true or false one And that the other of the three bee bound upp in a Book and delivered into the Exchequer to pay by when the middle Tickett or Talley becomes payable And alsoe that the middlemost of these three Tickettf or Tallies that shall bee delivered to any person or persons that shall bee entituled to any fortunate Lott bee signed by the said Comissioner of the Transfer Office or his sufficient Deputy for wrhom hec will answrer And that att some time within fourty days before the growing due of ever)' payment of the said Annuities exceeding one pounds per annum the Commissioner or his Deputy of the Transfer Office for the time being shall examine the Tickett or Tally for that particular payment and if it answers the counterpart in that Office hee shall signe his examinacbn thereof all which shall bee done without fee or charge And then the Officer of the Exchequer examineing the same and finding it to answer the counterpart lodged in his Office hee shall take it upp and pay the contents thereof to the Bearer att or within the time before appointed for the payment thereof without any further or other warrant or order to bee sued for had or obtained in that behalfe And that the Tickettf or Tallies for the annuities of one pound per annum apeice shall bee paid and payable att the Exchequer without any further examination or attestation and without any further or other warrant or order as aforesaid by the Commissioner of the Transfer Office And that in case a false Tickett or Tally upon either the examinations aforesaid bee found That the Officer for the time being att the Transfer Office or

the Exchequer doc cutt a slip out of it and that the person that brings it bee liable to pay a Fine of Five pounds

to and for the use of their Majesties their heires and successors to bee recovered by the Oath of either of the said Officers of the Transfer Office or of the Exchequer to bee made before one of the Barons of the Exchequer and the said Fines shall bee payable into the receipt of the Exchequer to and for the use of their Majesties their Heires and Successors And for wrant of payment any one of the said Barons of the Exchequer is hereby impowered to send the party offending to Goal and him her or them therein to detaine until payment bee made of such Fine.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Fee for examining and proving the validity of a Tickett or Tally in order to make a true Assignement or Transfer or upon any occasion other then to obtaine

the payment thereof in the Exchequer as aforesaid shall att the said Transfer Office be One penny and noe more.

And to prevent any disputes and controversies that may otherwise arise it is enabled That if any person takes a counterfeit Tickett or Tally and does not come to the Office to prove itt w'ithin Ten days after his receipt thereof in London or within Ten miles of London or within Thirty days after the receipt of it in any other part of England that then the person that sold or parted with itt shall not bee lyable to any damage or to repay the value or any part of the value received for the same.

And bee it further enacted for the better encourageing persons to advance the said sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds upon the terms aforesaid that all receiptf and issues and all other things directed by this Act to bee performed in the Exchequer and Transfer Office shall bee done and performed by the Officers there without

other 0.

459

demanding or receiving directly or indirectly any fee gratuity' or reward for the same otherwise then by this A<5t as aforesaid is appointed And in case the Officers of the Exchequer or Transfer Office shall take or demand any such fee or reward otherwise then by this Act is appointed or shall divert or misapply any of the wcekely sums to bee paid into the receipt of the Exchequer for makeing [upp1] the aforesaid Fund or shall pay or issue out the same otherwise then according to the intent of this Act or shall not keep Books and Registers and make entries and doe and performe all other things which by this Act they are required to performe every such Officer shall forfeit his Office and bee for the future incapable of any Office or Place of trust whatsoever and shall answer and pay treble damages with costs* of suit to any Adventurer that will sue for the same to bee recovered by action debt bill plaint or informacon in any of their Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priveledge of Parliament or other Priveledge or Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint or more then one Imparlance shall bee granted or allowed and in the said action the Plaintiff upon recovery shall have his full costs One third part of which sum soe to bee recovered shall bee paid into the receipt of the

Exchequer for the benefitt of their Majesties their Heires and Successors and the other Two third parts shall bee

to and for the use of the prosecutor.

Provided always and bee it enacted That in case any Officer of the Transfer Office shall passe any Tickett for payment or any Officer of the Exchequer shall make any payment of any share or shares of the said Funds upon such kind of Tickett'f or Tallies as are before directed such Officer shall not incur any penalty forfeiture or disability or bee liable to any action of the Adventurers for doeing thereof although the said Tickett or Tally bee forged or false unlesse the said Officer did know' att the time of such direction or payment that the said Tickett or Tally wras forged or false but shall bee accountable for the value to the person wronged.

And be it further enacted That any money contributed or lent by or payable to any person or persons upon or by virtue of this A & shall not bee charged or chargeable w'ith any rates duties or impositions whatsoever.

Provided always and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all grants or dispositions of any of the moneys ariseing or which shall be collected by the Authority of this Act hereafter to bee made by their Majesties their Ileires or Successors to any other person or persons or in any other manner

or for any longer terme or interest then by this Act is appointed shall bee and are hereby declared null and

void to all intentf and purposes whatsoever.

And whereas by reason of the multiplicity of paymentf wffiich are to bee made in pursuance of this Act it will bee difficult (if not impossible) that every particular payment should bee directed recorded paid and accounted for by the several Officers of the receipt of the Exchequer in the ordinary course of paymentf there used Therefore and to the end that the Exchequer may bee regularly discharged of all the moneys of the several rates and duties before mentioned which shall bee brought into the same for the said Fond Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall bee in the said Receipt of the Exchequer a distinct Office for paying the annuities or benefittf by this Act appointed to bee paid and some convenient room or rooms in or neare the receipt of the Exchequer att Westminster shall bee prepared assigned and used for that purpose which Office shall continue untill all the paymentf to grow due by this Act dureing the said terme of sixteen yeares shall bee satisfied And an Officer or Officers shall bee appointed thereunto from time to time by the Commissioners of their Majesties Tresury now being or by the Tresurer of the Exchequer or Commissioners of the Tresury for the time being who shall alsoe take security according to the best of their judgmentf and discretions from every or any such Officer or Officers for his or their due paying answering and accounting for all the moneys which hee or they shall receive and for the due and faithful performance of his or their Office and Offices respectively And that the moneys of the fund by this Act appointed which shall from time to time come or bee brought into the receipt of the Exchequer as abovesaid shall by the Commissioners of their Majesties Tresury and [the1] Under Tresurer of the Exchequer now being or by the Tresurer or Under Tresurer of the Exchequer or Commissioners of the Tresury for the time being without any further or other Warrant to bee sued for had or obtained from their Majesties their Heires or Successors and in such proportions from time to time as shall bee necessary and sufficient to answer the respective paymentf which shall grow' due and are to bee made by the said particular Officer or Officers bee issued or paid over from time to time to the hands of such Officer or Officers by way of imprest and upon account to and for the payment of the said annuities or benefittf by this Act appointed to bee paid And that such particular Officer and Officers shall apply the same thereunto in such manner and forme as are above mentioned and by this Act directed in that behalfe and shall bee subject and liable to such inspection examination comptroll and auditt and to such rules in respect of his paying accounting and other matters relateing to the execution of his Office as the said Comissioners of the Tresury now being or the Tresurer and Under Tresurer of the Exchequer or the Commissioners of the Tresury' for the time being shall think fitt or find necessary or reasonable to establish or appoint from time to time for the better execution of the intent and end of this Act and the satisfaction of contributors adventurers or others concerned or to bee concerned therein Any thing in this present Act contained or any law custome usage or course of the Exchequer to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Transfer Office above mentioned shall bee continued for the purposes aforesaid by their Majesties their Heires and Successors and an Officer in the same until all matters and things hereby required to bee done by such an Officer shall bee fully accomplished And that as well the Managers

Officers of the Exchequer and Transfer Office offending

Forfeiture of Office ; incapacity ; and Treble Damages and Costs.

L.

Officer paying false Ticket, except knowingly, not liable to Penalty; but shall account fur the>81110 to the Person wronged.

LI.

Money lent, Tax free.

LII.

Grants of the said Monies by their Majesties void.

LIII.

A particular Officer appointed by the Treasury in the Exchequer for the Payment of these Annuities.

Security to be taken from such Officers.

Fund how issued.

Such Officer to be subject to the Rules of the Treasury.

MV.

Transfer Office to be continued.

A.D. 1693.

5° Gul. & Mar. c.7.

Managers and Commissioners of the Transfer Office subject to Orders of the Treasury.

LV.

If 1,000,000 be not advanced before 24th June 1694, their Majesties may borrow Amount of Deficiency.

LVI. jBS per Cent, allowed for Interest, and this Fund, &c. chargeable for the Payment of Principal and Interest

and if not sufficient, then the next Aids;

and if no Aid granted before ad Feb. 1694, then out of the Treasure in the Exchequer.

LVII.

The annual Surplus Money applied in Payment of Monies remaining due on

2 W.& M. Sess. 2. c. 10. continued by 3&4 W. & M.C.6.

Proviso in case the whole £ 1,000.000 be not advanced.

LVIII.

Receivers of Duty /on Salt to give an annual Account to the Auditors of the Imprest, to be declared before the Treasurer, &c. who may examine Receiver on Oath.

and Directors above mentioned as alsoe the Commissioner and Officer of the Transfer Office and the said Receivers and the said particular Officer in the Exchequer and all the Clerkf Ministers and Servantf to bee employed by or under them respectively from time to time shall in and for the better execution of their several places and trusts and for pursueing the directions ends or intentf of this Act observe and performe such rules methods and orders as they respectively shall from time to time receive from the said Commissioners of the Tresury now being or from the Tresurer of the Exchequer or Commissioners of the Tresury for the time being soe as such rules methods and orders bee conduceable to the ends and purposes of this Act and not otherwise.

And bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if the whole sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds bee not advanced and paid into the Exchequer upon this Act before the foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure That then it shall and may bee lawfull for their Majesties or their Officers in the receipt of their Majesties Exchequer by their comand and appointment to borrow and take into the said receipt for their Majesties use by way of Loan any sum or sums of money which together with the whole value or amount of all the sums of money which shall before the said foure and twentieth day of June bee contributed or adventured as aforesaid shall not exceed the sum of ten hundred thousand pounds which sum or sums soe taken upp by way of Loan shall and may bee charged upon the creditt of their Majesties Exchequer in general and Tallies of Loan and Orders of repayment of the same shall bee levied and drawne accordingly which said Orders shall be assignable and transferable from one person to another.

And it is hereby enacted That all and every sum and sums of money so to bee borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid together with the interest for the same not exceeding the rate of eight pounds per Centum per Annum to bee paid every three months until satisfaction of the principal shall bee payable and satisfied unto the respective lender or lenders of the same his her or their Executors Administrators or Assignes out of the moneys which shall afterwards arise and bee brought into the Exchequer by or for contributions upon this Act soe far as the same will extend And in case the money soe ariseing by this Act shall not bee sufficient for the paying thereof then the said Loans which shall remaine unsatisfied and the interest of the same shall bee paid and satisfied out of the next Aide or Supplies to bee granted to their Majesties in Parliament and shall bee transferred and transferable thereunto as soon as any such Aid or Supply shall bee granted to their Majesties And if noe such Aids or Supplies shall bee granted to their Majesties before the Second day of February which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety foure then the said sum and sums of money so to bee borrowed not exceding as aforesaid and the interest thereof shall be payable and bee paid and satisfied to the said lender or lenders his her or their Executors Administrators or Assignes respectively by and out of any their Majesties Treasure which from thenceforth shall come into bee or remaine in the receipt of their Majesties Exchequer not being already appropriated to any particular uses by any Act or Aftf of Parliament before this time made.

And be it further enacted That in case there shall bee any surplus or remainder of the moneys ariseing by the rates and duties granted by this AC! att the end of any one yeare of the said terme of Sixteene yeares after all the annuities or paymentf directed by this Act shall bee fully satisfied paid and discharged such surplus or remainder shall goe and bee applied for or towards the payment and satisfaction of such principal and interest moneys which shall bee or remaine due upon the register kept in the said receipt of Exchequer for the two third parts of the rates and duties of Excise granted in the second yeare of their Majesties Reigne (entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional duties of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for foure yeares from the time that an Act for doubleing the duty of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Idquors dureing the space of one yeare doth expire) and continued by clauses in a subsequent Act (entituled An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable quarterly for one yeare for the carrying on a vigorous War against France) And that such surplus or remainder together with the moneys applicable by the two ACtf last mencoed shall bee issued and paid joyntly and severally for and towards the dischargeing of the principal and interest moneys which from time to time shall bee or remaine due and unpaid upon the said register until the same shall bee fully satisfied and afterwards the moneys which shall further arise by the said surplus or remainder shall bee to the use of their Majesties their Ileircs and Successors for the carrying on the Warr against France. l5rovided always That in case the whole sum of Tennc hundred thousand pounds bee not advanced and paid into the Exchequer by or for contributions upon this Act the surplus or remainder of the moneys ariseing by the rates and duties hereby granted more then is requisite to pay the annuities or paymentf directed by this Act shall bee disposed as shall bee hereafter directed by Act of Parliament Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That such Receiver or Receivers General or other person or persons who is or shall bee employed in the receiving collecting or paying the several duties upon Salt by this Act granted shall and are hereby required between the five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety five and the nine and twentieth day of September following and soe from yeare to yeare yearely att those times dureing the continuance of this Act to deliver in their respective Accounts thereof to their Majesties Auditors of the Imprest for the time being or one of them who shall and are hereby from time to time respectively authorized to examine upon Oath the said Receiver or Receivers General or other person or persons accomptantf which are or shall bee employed in raiseing receiving and collecting the said duties of what sum or sums of Money was or were by them or any of them respectively raised collected or received within the time of such their accoraptf and likewise what part thereof was by them or any of them paid into their Majesties receipt

461

of Exchequer or by virtue of any Warrant of Privy Seale or Warrant of the Lord High Tresurer or Comissioners of their Majesties Tresury for the time being otherwise paid and to whom and for what service or services And in makeing the said Accomptf to and before the said Auditors or one of them they are to produce proper vouchers for every sum or sums of money soe by them or any of them raised received and paid according to the antient methods of the Exchequer And to the end it may appeare upon record what the same amounted to in the yeare for which such Accompt or Accomptf shall bee made and what thereof was paid and to whom and for what use and service uses and services as aforesaid and what remaines unpaid and rests insuper upon each respective Receiver and Collector and such Accompt or Accomptf soe to bee taken by the said Auditor is and are to bee declared before the Lord Tresurer or Lords Commissioners of the Tresury and Chancellor of the Exchequer now and for the time being according to the course of the Exchequer in such cases.

Provided always and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe member of the House of Cdmons shall att any time bee concerned directly or indirectly or any other in trust for him in the farmeing collecting or manageing any of the sums of Money Duties or other Aids granted to their Majesties by this Act or that hereafter shall bee granted by any other Act of Parliament (except the Commissioners of the Tresury and the Officers and Commissioners for manageing the Customs and Excise not exceeding the present number in each Office and those appointed to bee Commissioners for putting in execucon an Act intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties an aid of Four shillingf in the pound for one yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against France as to their executing onely the Authority of the said Act by which they are appointed Comissioners. Provided always That Thomas Neale Esq* may bee employed by their Majesties as they shall think fitt in the ordering or manageing the several recompences and advantages hereby given to the contributors upon this Act Any thing in this Act contained to the contrarie notwithstanding.

6 B

Receivers to produce proper Vouchers.

Accounts taken by Auditors declared before the Treasury.

LIX.

No Members of the Commons, except Commissioners of Treasury, Customs, Excise, and Land Tax, to be Farmers.

c.i. ante.

Proviso respecting Thomas Neale.

( 462 )

Rot, Pari. pt. 3.

nu. I.

Recital of 2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 15.

and that several Sheriffs, &c. cannot take the Oath thereby prescribed; and that many poor Prisoners are in deplorable Condition.

z W. & M. Scss. 2. c. 15.

Sheriffs, See. Oath abolished.

New Oath.

II.

Sheriff refusing the Oath.'

Anno Regni 5° & 6° GULIELMI & MARINE, A.D. 1694.

STATUTES made in the Fifth Session of Parliament,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Twentieth Day of March, In the FIFTH and SIXTH Year of the Reign of K. WILLIAM and Q. MARY.

<£? ftotuio i&arltamentt fie anno regm (i&ultelmt et flj&arfae,

£Uitnto et £>ejcto*

IN Parliamento inchoat* & tent* apud Westra* vicesimo die Martii Annis Regnor* Gulielmi & Marie Angt Scoc* Franc* & Hibnie Regis & Regine Fidei Defensor* &c Scdo & p sepat progac* & adjomament* usq^ ad & in seprimo die Novembr* Annis dci Dni Regis & Dne Regine quinto & sexto continuat* viz1: in quintam ejusdem Parliament! Sessionem coi omnium Diio^ tam Spiritual qm Temporal & Coitat* consensu et Regie Majestat* assensu sancita inactitata et stabilita fuerunt hec sequen* Statuta. Viz*.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act for the explaining and for the more effectual execution of a former Act for the relief of poor

Prisoners.

WHEREAS by [an*] Act of Parliament made in the second yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for relief of poor Prisoners for debt and damagf it is (among other things) enacted That the Sherifff Goalers or Keepers of Prisons should swear that the Prisoner to be discharged was really and truely his Prisoner in his custody without fraud or deceit att or upon the eight and twentieth day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety. And whereas several of the said Sheriffs Goalers or Keepers of Prisons were not then Sherifff Goalers or Keepers of the Prisons to which they now belong so that they cannot

take the Oath prescribed by the said Act whereby and by the artifice of the said Sherifff Goalers or Keepers

of Prisons and other persons enemies to the said poor Prisoners a great nmber of the said poore [prisoners that are in a more*] deplorable condition and deserve to be relieved by the said Act and were really and truely Prisoners att the day referred to in the said Act though the said Sherifff Goalers or Keepers of the respective Prisons have refused to swear for them either out of a pretended scruple of conscience that they cannot take the said Oath or

because they had not money enough to give them. For remedy whereof Be it enacted by the King and Queens

most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authority of the same That the aforesaid Adf be revived and that the said Oath in the said Act of Parliament contained shall for the future be abolished and instead thereof

the Oath herein after mentioned shall be the Oath to be tendred to the Sherifff Goalers and Keepers of Prisons.

I A.B. do swear That I have examined the Comittmentf or Books belonging to the said Prison and that by them it doth appeare that. I. S. was really and truely a Prisoner in the custody of the then Goaler or Keeper

of the Prison of D. [Prison *] in the County of C. without [any *] fraud or deceit by me or any other to my

knowledgeor belief att or upon the Eight and twentieth day of November in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and ninety.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That in case any Sheriff Goaler or Keeper of Prison shall refuse to take the said Oath herein-before appointed to be taken [he being thereto required unlesse it shall appeare by the Comitmentf and Books belonging to the said Prison that the person for whom such Oath is required was

‘ one O.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1694.

5° & <3° Gul. & Mar. c.8, 9

463

not really and truely a prisoner in the custody of the said Goaler and Keeper according to the tenour of the Oath abovomenebed and that otherwise the said Goaler or Keeper Goalers or Keepers for his or their so refuseing to take such Oath shall forfeit and pay to such prisoner so about to be discharged and released from prison and thereby detained the value of such debt or debts for which hee or she shall be imprisoned to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of their Majesties Courts of Record And1] that then and in that case upon complaint of the prisoner the Justices of the Peace of the County City or Towne where the prison lies att their Quarter Sessions shall have power to examine the said matter upon Oath of any other persons which Oath they are hereby impowered and required to administer And if it shall appeare upon the said examination to them or the major part of them there present that the said prisoner was really and truely a prisoner on the said Eight and twentieth day of November in the said yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and ninety that then the said Justices or the major part of them may and shall discharge the said prisoner and prisoners so as they may have the full benefitt of the said Act of Parliament notwithstanding the Sheriffs Goalers or Keepers refusal of the said Oath any thing in the said Act of Parliament for relief of poor prisoners to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Sheriff Goaler or Keeper of Prison or person any ways interested therein nor any Clerk of the Peace or other Officer directly or indirectly by himselfe or any other shall take of any prisoner to be discharged by virtue of this Act any Chamber Rent Fee or Reward whatsoever for all or any matter or thing relateing to his said discharge above the sum of six shilling^ and six pence in the whole upon paine of forfeiting the value of the debt to be recovered as aforesaid and upon [further1] paine of being proceeded against as Extortioners any Law Act of Parliament or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no Justice of the Peace his Clerk or Servant shall take of any Prisoner for signing his warrant and sumons any Fee or Reward whatsoever nor any Clerk of the Papers or other Officer that shall make out any Copies of Causes for the said Prisoner shall take for any such Copy of Causes above the ksum of Foure pence upon pain to be proceeded against as Extortioners as aforesaid.

Provided always and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Debtor shall by virtue of this or the aforesaid Act be discharged of and from any debt corn rafted by such Debtor since the Eight and twentieth day of November which was in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for repeal of a Clause in the Statute of the Fifth yeare of Queen Elizabeth (containing diverse Orders

for Artificers and others) which relates to Weavers of Cloath

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifth yeare of the1 Reigne of Queen Elizabeth entituled An Act containing diverse Orders for Artificers Labourers Servantf in Husbandry and Apprentices It is enacted in these words following Provided always and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that noe person or persons useing or exerciseing the art or mystery of a Woollen Cloath Weaver other then such as be inhabiting within the Counties of Cumbland Westmerland Lancaster and Wales Weaving Frizes Cottons or Housewifes Cloath onely making and weaving Woollen Cloath comonly sold or to be sold by any Cloathman or Clothier shall take and have any Apprentice or shall teach or in any wise instruct any person or persons in the Science Art or Occupation of Weaving aforesaid in any Village Towne or Place (Cities Towns Corporate and Markett Towns only excepted) unlesse such person bee his son or else that the Father or Mother of such Apprentice or Servant shall att the time of the taking of such person or persons to be an Apprentice or Servant or to be instrufted have Land? or Tenement^ or other Hereditamentf to the clear yearely value of Three pounds att the least of an estate of inheritance or freehold to be certified under the Hands and Seals of Three Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Shires where the said Lands Tenementf or other Hereditamentf do or shall lye. The effect of the Indenture to be registred within Three months in the Parish where such Master shall dwell and to pay for such registring Foure pence upon pain of forfeiture of Twenty shillingf for every month that any person shall otherwise take any Apprentice or sett any such person on work contrary to the meaning of this Article. Now forasmuch as such part of the said Act before recited hath been found to be very inconvenient and a great prejudice to the Cloathing Trade May it please your most excellent Majesties That it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That soe much of the said Act as is before recited be and is hereby declared to be repealed null and void to all intentf and purposes as if the same had never been made.

Penalty.

Quarter Sessions may examine the Matter upon Oath;

and to discharge Prisoner, if truly a Prisoner.

in.

SherifT or other Officer taking above 6s. 6d.

Penalty.

IV.

Justices, Clerks, &c. taking Fee for signing Warrant, or undue Fee for Copy of Causes;

Penalty.

V.

Proviso for Debts since 28th Nov. 1690.

Rot. Pan. pt. 3.

fin. 2.

Recital of 5 Eliz. c.4. § 32.

The said Clause repealed.

' added in 2 separate Schedule to the Original Act.

3 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1G9A.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 10.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 3.

Reasons for passing

this a a.

The City Lands charged with a£8,oooo per Ann. for the Orphans.

Except certain Hospitals.

II.

Aquedu&s

charged.

Exception.

III.

£2,000 yearly upon Personal Estates.

IV.

Grant of Lights for 21 Years, for .£600 yearly, to Persons herein named.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London.

WHEREAS the Mayor Comonalty and Citizens of the City London (') have been and are answerable for and chargeable with all moneys of the Orphans of the said City from time to time paid into the Chamber of the said City But by reason of sundry accidentf and publick calameties are now become indebted to the said Orphans and other Creditors for principal money and interest thereof in a much greater sum of money then they are able to satisfie and and pay unlesse some assistance bee given them for the same Be it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That for and towards the raiseing a perpetual Fond to pay the yearely interest of Foure Pounds for every Hundred Pounds principal money and of all the said interest thereof due to any Orphan of the said City or the Executors Administrators or Assigns of any such Orphan unto the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety three such interest to be computed from the time it was first payable unto the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred eighty three att Five Pounds for the interest of every Hundred Pounds for One yeare and from the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred eighty three unto the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety three att Three Pounds for the interest of every Hundred Pounds for one yeare and proportionably for any greater or lesser sum (the interest already received for

such principal money to be deduced) And alsoe to pay the like yearely interest of Foure Pounds for every

Hundred Pounds of the principal money and Interest thereof to be computed as aforesaid due upon Bond Bill or Note lyable to pay interest between the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred fifty and five and the said Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety three or any other the Creditor or Creditors of the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens or the Executors Administrators or Assigns of any such Creditor or Creditors on the said Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety three from the Chamber of the said City or from the Mayor Comonalty and Citizens thereof and so proportionably for any greater or lesser sum all and every the Manors Messuages Lands Markettf and Faires and other the Hereditamentf Revenues and Income whatsoever of and belonging to the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens in possession or revercon and the improvementf that shall or can be made thereof (except the Manors Messuages Lands Estates Possessions and Revenues of and belonging to Christs Hospital Saint Bartholemew Bridewell Saint Thomas and Bethlehem Hospitals or any other Hospital in or belonging to the said City of London or Borough of Southwark and such as are chargeable with and for the repaires of London-Bridge) shall be and are hereby declared to be yearely charged for ever from and after the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure for and tow'ardf the raiseing thereout the full and cleare annual sum of Eight thousand pounds for ever free from all deductions for any Impositions whatsoever which said yearely sum shall

be annually raised and paid out of all and every the said Manors Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and other

Revenue whatsoever of and belonging to the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens (except before excepted) and shall be and is hereby appropriated towards the raiseing such a perpetual Fond and to be applied as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all the Aqueduftf and right of bringing and conveying water belonging to the said Mayor Commonalty and Citizens and all the Improvementf that shall be att any time made thereof and all the rents profittf and benefittf whatsoever which do or shall att any time hereafter arise by any Aqueductf or right of bringing and conveying water which do or shall belong to the said Mayor Commonalty and Citizens (other then such water as shall be for the supply of the publick Conduitf Hospitalf Halls and Prisons in the said City) shall from and after the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure forever be appropriated and applied towards the payment of the said Interest money.

And for and towards the raiseing such a perpetual Fond and so to be applied as aforesaid Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure the said Mayor Commonalty and Citizens shall and may and they are hereby required yearely to raise the sum of Two thousand pounds by an equal proportionable assessment upon the personal Estates of the several Inhabitantf within the said City and the liberties thereof to be yearely assessed collected received and paid or in default of payment distrained for in such manner as the said Mayor Commonalty and Citizens in their Common Council assembled or otherwise shall from time to time annually direct and appoint.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Mayor Commonalty and Citizens shall on or before the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure demise or grant to Sir Charles Kara Knight John Stanyon Esq^ Phillip Neve Esq^ and John Lillye Gent and all other the persons concerned and interested in the Glass Lights comonly called or knowne by the name of Convex Lights a lease or licence for the sole use of the publick Lights to be used in all publick places within the said City and the Liberties thereof for the terme of One and twenty yeares to be computed from the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure reserving the yearely rent of Six hundred pounds in such manner and by and under such other articles covenantf and agreementf for payment of the said rent or makeing void the said lease in default thereof or otherwise as by and between the said Mayor Commonalty and Citizens and

of O.

A.D. 1694.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 10.

465

the said persons above mentioned are or shall be agreed on for that purpose by certain articles made or to be made in that behalfe Which said yearely sum of Six hundred pounds shall be and is hereby appropriated towards raiseing the said Fond and Payment of the said interest money as aforesaid From and after the determination of which lease all and every the rents profittf and benefittf whatsoever which the said Mayor Comonalty and

Citizens shall or may att any time lawfully make by farming or granting licence or licences to any person or

persons whatsoever for the lighting the Streets within the said City or the Liberties thereof by such ways and meanes as the said Mayor Commonalty arid Citizens shall think most proper shall be and are hereby declared

and enacted to be for ever appropriated and applied to and for the uses aforesaid.

And for the further and greater increase of the said Fond Be it enacted That from and after the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure every person being free of any of the respective Companys within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof who shall take or receive any Apprentice shall bind his Apprentice before the Master or Wardens of such Company whereof the Master is a Member or one

of them or their sufficient Deputy in that behalfe which said Apprentice att the time of his binding shall pay to

the said Master or Wardens or one of them or their sufficient Deputy the sum of Two shillingf and six pence

All and every which said sum and sums of Two shillingf and six pence the said Master and Wardens or their

Deputy shall transmitt and pay to the Chamberlain of the [said1] City of London twice in the yeare (viz1:) on

the Fifteenth day of December and Eighteenth day of June to be employed for the uses aforesaid And all and

every Master Warden or Wardens of the said respective Companies shall from time to time provide and keep in their Comon Halls one or more Book or Books of Vellom or Parchment in which every such sum of Two

shillingf and six pence shall be sett downe and entred by the said Master or Wardens or their respective Deputie

or Deputies and the name of the Apprentice who paid the same And it shall and may be lawfull to and for

every person and persons to have free accesse unto and view the said Books att all times between the houres of

nine and twelve in the forenoon without any fee or reward to be taken for the view or inspection thereof And for every sum of money which such Master Warden or Wardens or their Deputies shall receive and shall not be transmitted to the said Chamberlaine att the times herein before appointed such Master Warden or Wardens shall forfeit the sum of Five pounds the said respective Forfeitures to be recovered in the name of the Chamberlaine of the said City for the time being in any Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon to be comenced in any of their Majesties Courts of Record wherein noe Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed and shall be applied towards raiseing the Fond aforesaid.

And be it further enacted That towards the raiseing the said Fond every person who shall be admitted from and after the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure to be a Freeman of the said City shall att the time of his admission pay unto the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens of the said City the sum of Five Shillingf Which several above-mencoed sums of Two shillingf and six pence and Five shillingf shall from and after the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure be paid

over and above the usual and accustomed Fees for the same.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That a duty of Foure shillingf per Tun shall be and is hereby imposed and laid upon all sorts of Wines whatsoever which from and after the said Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure shall be imported into the Port of the said City of London or the Members thereof by way of Merchandize over and above the present Duties charged or chargeable thereupon and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity which said duty shall from time to time for ever be paid by the Importer thereof unto the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens and is hereby appropriated towards raiseing the said Fond and so to be applied as aforesaid.

And for the better collecting the said duty from all and every person or persons whatsoever as well free as unfreemen of the said City Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That one or more sufficient person or persons shall from time to time be appointed by the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen of London for the time being

by an Order of the said Court to collect and receive the said duty dureing the pleasure of the said Court And

the said Imposition of Foure shillingf per Tun shall be raised levied collected and paid to the said collector or

collectors or his or their deputy and deputies in the same manner and forme and by such rules rates ways

and meanes and under such penalties and forfeitures as are provided menebed and expressed in one Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth yeare of the reign of King Charles the Second entituled A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported for the paying recovering collecting or seizeing the Duty of Tonnage thereby granted.

And for a further Increase of the said Fond be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That for all sorts of Coals which shall be imported or brought into the Port of the said City of London or the River of Thames within the

Liberty of the said City upon the same River to be sold by the Chaldron or Tun there shall be paid by way of

imposition thereupon according to the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned (that is to say), For all such sort of Coals or Culm as are usually sold by the Chaldron for [for1] every Chaldron thereof which shall be imported from and after the said Foure and Twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of Foure pence Meetage for ever over and above what is now lawfully paid for the Meetage thereof which said sum shall bee paid in like manner as the present Duty for Meetage is or hath been accustomed to bee paid and from time

Appropriation of the Money during and after the Term.

V.

Tax upon binding Apprentices.

Books to be kept by Companies;

may be inspected without Fee.

Warden, &c. not transmitting Monies received to Chamberlain;

Penalty ^5.

VI.

5s. upon Admission to Freedom.

VII.

4s. per Tun upon Wines imported into London.

VIII. Collector appointed by Mayor, &c.

Duty levied as by

i2Car. II. c.4.

IX.

Duty upon Coals brought into London.

4d. for Metage.

6 C

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 10.

A.D. 1694.

6<1. per Chaldron over the said Metage, and all other Duties on Coals and Culm; and for Coals sold by the Ton, 6d. per Ton;

how and when paid;

Receipt, without Fee, to Person paying Duty.

levied as by 19 Car. II. c. 3. which is to be in force.

Duties received paid into the Chamber.

X.

Officers concerned in the Receipt of the Duties to give Security.

XI.

On the Determination of the said Duty of 6d. City Lands charged with ^6,060 per Annum more.

XII.

In what manner Monies raised by this Act to be applied.

Proviso for Salaries and other Dcdudions.

to time be paid to the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens of the said City by the Officer and Officers receiving the said Meetage. And for all such sort of Coals or Culin which shall be imported into the said Port or Members thereof from and after the Nine and twentieth day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand and seven hundred (over and above all other Impositions and Duties and the abovemencoed sum of Foure [pence1] the further sum of Six pence for every Chaldron thereof. And for such sort of Coals as are sold by the Tun for every Tun thereof containeing Two thousand weight the like sum of Six pence which said Imposition of Sixpence shall continue from the said Nine and twentieth day of September for and dureing the Terme of Fifty yeares and noe longer And the said Impositions of Six pence for every Chaldron of Coals shall from time to time dureing the continuance of the said Imposition be answered and paid unto the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens by the Master Owner or Owners or other person or persons takeing Charge of any Ship or Vessel whereupon the same shall be laden before they [shall1] break Bulk or have a Meeter assigned for the measuring or weighing any Coals aforesaid to be delivered from on board such Shipp or Vessel the same to bee paid att such place or places as by the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall from time to time be appointed within the said City or Liberties thereof for the Receipt thereof, upon Receipt whereof the Party appointed to receive the same shall without delay fee or reward deliver a Receipt to the person or persons who shall pay the said Duty or Duties Which Receipt shall for soe much be a sufficient discharge And that the said imposition of Six pence per Tun or Chaldron shall by virtue of this Act be collected and levied in such sort and manner in all and every respect as in and by one Act made in the Nineteenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for the rebuilding the City of London the Imposition of Coals thereby granted was to be collected and levied and all and every the powers authorities directions and provisions in or by the said Act menebned or provided for the levying collecting and recovering thereof or the penalties thereby imposed or for the ordering or regulateing the Proceeding? of the said Coal Meeters or others in discharge of their respective Offices and Duties or for the preventing of Fraud and Covin and for the discovery of the just quantity of all sorts of Coals to be imported as aforesaid shall remain and be in force and by virtue of this present Act shall and may be exercised and put in Ure for the collecting levying and recovering the said Duty of Six pence according to the purport and effect of the aforesaid Act and under the same Penalties in all and every respect and that for and dureing all the time by this Act limitted and appointed for the payment of the said imposition as if the same were expresly moneyed in this present Act with referrence to the said imposition thereby imposed All which moneys so to be received upon account of the said respective impositions of Foure pence and Six pence or by any other additional duty in case of concealment thereof as by the aforesaid Act is appointed and all other the sums of money hereby appointed as part of the said Fond shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the City of London and shall be and is hereby appropriated toward? the raiseing such a Fond as aforesaid and applied toward? the discharge of the said Debt?.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Officer and Officers or other person or persons whatsoever concerned or to be concerned in the receipt of any of the sums by this Act appropriated to the uses aforesaid before hee or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the execucbn of any the said Office or Offices he or they shall be bound with sufficient Sureties to the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens for the just and faithful execucbn of such Office or Employment in such reasonable sum or sums as by the said Mayor or Court of Aldermen shall be thought fitting with respect to this present Act and to the trust hereby reposed in such Officer or Officers.

And to the intent that the said Fond may be perpetual be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after such time as the aforesaid imposition of Six pence hereby laid shall cease and determine all and every the Mannors Messuages Land? Tenement? Markett? Faires and the Duties thereof and all other the Revenues of and belonging to the said City of London in possession or reversion shall stand and be charged with the full yearely sum of Six thousand pound? (over and above the said yearely sum of Eight thousand pound?) and is hereby appropriated and enacted to be applied to the same Uses to which the said yearely sum of Eight thousand pound? is herein before made lyable.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every the aforesaid yearely and other Rent? and Payment? Issues Profitt? Duties Impositions sum and sums of money whatsoever by this Act appointed to be raised charged paid collected had received or made by out of or for any the matters or thing? or by any the ways or meanes herein before menebed shall (deducting thereout such necessary and reasonable salaries and allowances as the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall think fitt to allow to any person or persons whom they shall employ for the collecting receiving or paying the same) from time to time forever in the first place be applyed by the Maior Comonalty and Citizens of the said City for the payment of the annual sum of Foure pound? of lawfull money for the interest of every One hundred pound? and proportionably for a greater or lesser sum of the abovemencoed respective Debt? and all the Interest thereof due on the said Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety three to any Orphan of the said City or the Executors Administrators or Assignes of any such Orphan and alsoe for the payment of the like yearely Interest of Foure pound? for every Hundred pound? principal money and the interest thereof to be computed as aforesaid due att any time between the said Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred fifty five and the said Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety three upon Bond Bill or Note liable to pay interest from the

A. 0.169 4.

5° & 6° Gul. 6c Mar. c. 10.

467

said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens unto any person or persons whatsoever or to soe much thereof only as the said moneys by this Act appointed to be raised and paid as aforesaid shall yearely amount unto to satisfy and pay toward? the said interest to the said Orphans and other the said Creditors of the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens or their respective Executors Administrators or Assigns equally in proportion to their respective Interest? the said payment? to be made twice in every yeare (that is to say) on the Feast [Daves'3 of Saint Thomas the Apostle and Saint John the Baptist or within Foureteen days after the first payment thereof to be made on the Feast [day'] of Saint Thomas the Apostle which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety foure or within Foureteen days after And the said moneys or any part thereof shall not be applied issued or paid to any use intent or purpose whatsoever by vertue of any Order or Warrant whatsoever other then for the use aforesaid but all Orders and Warrant? for issueing paying or disposing any of the said moneys contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act shall be utterly void.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Provision hereby made for payment of the said Interest money for ever shall be and is hereby declared to be in full satisfaction and discharge of and for the Debt? due from the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens of the said City of London to the said Orphans and others their [said1] Creditors and of and from all Interest due or to be due for the same unto the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety three And that all and every the said Orphans and Creditors or their respective F.xecutors Administrators or Assignes shall according to usual Custom acknowledge satisfaccon of their respective Debt? paying to the Officers concerned such fees onely as the Mayor and Court of Aldermen for the time being shall direct and appoint not exceeding Thirteen shilling? and foure pence for every Thousand pound? And the said Mayor Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London and their Successors are and shall be hereby acquitted and dischardged of and from the same.

And to the end the said moneys may be duely applied to the uses aforesaid for which the same are by this Act appointed and appropriated be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall from time to time be provyded and kept by the said Chamberlaine for the said City of London for the time being one or more book or book? of vellom or parchment in which all moneys to be received by any the ways or meanes herein before mencoed shall from time to time as the same shall bee received bee entred or sett downe and for what the same was received And alsoe one other [like1] book or book? wherein the accompt? of all payment? and disbursement? out of the same shall be likewise entred expressing the rime when the occasion for which and the name of the person or persons to whom the same were soe paid and disbursed And that it shall and may

be lawfull to and for all and every person and persons to have free access unto and view of the said respective

book? of receipt? and disbursement? att all times between the Houres of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon without any fee or reward to be taken for the view or inspection thereof And that the receipt? and payment? of all the moneys aforesaid by the said Chamberleyne of the said City or other Officer who shall be appointed by the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens to receive or issue out the said moneys be audited yearely upon oath before one of the Auditors of the Imprest for the time being (which oath the said Auditors respectively are hereby required to administer) between the Feast days of Saint Michael the Archangel and Saint Thomas the Apostle And the said Auditor shall have and receive of the Chamberleyne of the City of London for the time being the sum of twenty shilling? and noe more for every thousand pound? the said accompt? shall amount unto the which accompt? so auditted shall be signed by the said Auditor and be allowed alsoe by the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen and fairely entred and remain in the Chamber of the said City to bee perused and viewed as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London or other person aforesaid shall after receipt of any of the said moneys divert or misapply the same or any part thereof contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act That then such Officer or person so diverting or misapplying the said money shall forfeit

treble the sum so misapplied which said Forfeitures shall be recovered by any the said Orphans or other Creditors

their Executors Administrators or Assignes that shall sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacon in any of their Majesties Court? of Record wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Chamberlain and Comon Serjeant of the said City shall upon request give unto every of the said Orphans and Creditors and to their respective Executors Administrators or Assigns a Bill or Note in writeing of the Principal Debt and Interest oweing to such Orphan or Creditor and to their respective Executors Administrators or Assigns And that any person or persons to whom any money shall be payable by virtue of this Act may by writeing under his or their respective Hand? and Seales assign and transferr his her or their Right or Interest in and [by1] such moneys payable by vertue of this Act or any parte thereof to any person or persons whatsoever which being entred or registred in a Book to be kept by the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen for that purpose (w hich they are hereby enjoyned to keep) and the Note or Bill of the said Debt soe given as aforesaid being delivered upp to the Officer appointed by the said Court of Aldermen for that purpose who shall thereupon give his Note or Bill in writing of the Debt so assigned to the party or parties to whom such Assignment shall bee made such Assignee or Assignees his or their Executors Administrators or Assignes shall be entituled to the benefitt thereof and of all moneys payable thereon and such Assignee or Assignees may in like manner assign again and so toties quoties and afterward? it shall not be in the power of any such person or persons who have made such Assignment? to make void release or discharge the same or the moneys thereby assigned or any part thereof.

Orders for applying the Monies contrary to this Act, void.

XIII.

The Provision herein made declared to be a full Discharge of the Debt due from the City to the said Orphans and other Creditors.

XIV.

Books of Receipts and Disbursements to be kept by the Chamberlain;

free Access thereto without Fee.

Accompts to be audited yearly upon Oath.

Allowance to Auditor.

Accompts so audited, allowed by the Court of Aldermen.

XV. Chamberlain or others misapplying the Money;

Penalty.

XVI. Chamberlain, &c. to give a Note of what is owing to Orphans, &c.

Debt transferrable.

Transfer to be registered.

Assignee entitled, and may in like manner assign.

5°& 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 10.

A.D. 1694.

XVII.

No Person compellable to pay Money belonging to Orphans, into the Chamber. Proviso for Process upon Recognizance.

XVIII.

Corporation Lands charged, if Mayor, See. misapply Monies appropriated by this Act.

XIX.

Fines, &c. upon the Mayor, See. cannot be acquitted.

XX. Orphans hereafter may take Advantage of this Act;

and Mayor &c. may order Chamberlain to pay, on Notice.

Persons to whom Money paid, to give a Discharge.

XXI. Orphans that have already transferred may redeem in Three Years Time.

Interest at the Rate of s£S per Cent, per Ann.

XXII.

Bonds to Agents void.

Mayor, &c. to pay Agents.

Provided always and be it enacted That noe person or persons whatsoever shall att any time be compelled or obliged by vertue of any custome within the said City or by any Order or Process of the Court of Orphans or otherwise howsoever to pay or deliver into the Chamber of the said City of London any sum or sums of money or personal estate due or to be due or belonging to any Orphan or Orphans of any Freeman of the said City any Law or Usage for inforcing the same notwithstanding. Provyded always that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to extend to impeach make void or prevent Process upon any Recognizance already given according to the Custome of the said City,

And be it further enacted That if any of the said sum or sums by this Act appropriated or any part thereof shall happen to be misapplyed or converted to any other use then as aforesaid by the said Corporation of the Mayor Comonalty and Citizens of London for the time being or any of their Officers or any other person by colour of any warrant or authority by from or under them that then in such case the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens shall and may be answerable for the same out of the Revenue of the said Corporacbn in any Action to be brought by any of the said Orphans or other Creditors their Heires or Assigns which said sum so recovered shall goe and be to and for the uses aforesaid in like manner as the same if not misapplyed should or might have been excepting the costs of such suit which shall be to and for the benefitt of him her or them so sueing.

Provided always and be it enacted That all Amerciamentf Fines Issues or Distresses against the said [Corporation of the said'] Mayor Comonalty and Citizens and their Successors respectively had charged or levied in or upon account of such Suit or Actions brought shall be applied to the uses aforesaid and to noe other use whatsoever nor shall the same be pardoned acquitted or discharged by any Letters of Signett Privy Seale or Great Seale of their Majesties their Heires or Successors or otherwise howsoever any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provyded always and be it enacted That when and as often as any application shall bee made to the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen for the time being on behalfe of any Orphan or Orphans of the said City by the Executors or Administrators of the Father of such Orphans to pay in and lodge any sum or sums of money of or belonging to such Orphan or Orphans in the said Chamber and to have the benefitt of the said provision

hereby made it shall and may be lawful 1 to and for the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen and they are hereby

impowered and directed to order the Chamberleyne of the said City for the time being to pay off the like sum to such person or persons entituled to the said yearely paymentf as aforesaid as they think fitt not being Orphans under the Age of One and twenty yeares and giveing Three months notice to or for the person or persons soe to be paid off and dischardged att the end of which Three months upon payment or tendring of the said moneys due for Interest and Principal too or for the person or persons to whom such notice shall bee given according

to the provision hereby made att the Office of the said Chamberlaine in Guildhall London then and from thenceforth

the annual sum or sums of money payable to such person or persons to whom such notice payment or tender shall be made or given shall cease and determine and the same shall become due and payable to or for the use of such Orphan or Orphans who shall have paid in the moneys for the same and shall be registred accordingly and be assignable as aforesaid Neverthelesse the moneys soe tendred shall be paid to such person and persons upon their demand of the same and assigneing [and1] giveing a discharge for the same it being hereby enacted and declared that the provision hereby made shall be and remaine a perpetual Stock or Fond for the benefitt of the Orphans of the said City successively.

And be it further enacted and declared That all such of the said Debts due to any of the said Orphans as have been att any time before the said Five and twentieth day of December assigned or granted or covenanted to bee assigned or granted or for which any authority hath heretofore been given or granted by any of the said Orphans their Husbands Executors or Administrators to any person or persons to receive the same or any part thereof to the use of such person so authorized or any other person besides such Orphan shall and may be redeemed and are hereby declared to bee redeemable by the said Orphans or their Husbands or their respective Executors or Administrators on payment of the said Principal sum of money paid in consideration of makeing the said assignment grant covenant or authority together with the charges and Interest for the same from the time of the payment thereof after the rate of Eight pounds per Centum per Annum for One yeare discounting for what hath been received for or in respect of the said Debt by any such person to whom such assignin': or authority was made or given and upon payin': or tender of the said Principal money Interest and Charges such grant assignement or authority and all covenantf and agreementf concerning the same shall bee void. Provided neverthelesse that such redemption as aforesaid bee made within the space of three yeares from and after the end of this present Session of Parliament.

And whereas diverse persons pretending as Agents and Sollicitors to obtaine the payment of the Orphans Debts by Act of Parliament or otherwise have induced many Orphans and others for them to enter into obligations

agreem1' contradf subscriptions or other securities for payment of large portions of their Debts whensoever it

should be recovered which may amount to very great sums. Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid

That all such bonds obligations agreementf contradf subscriptions and other securities so entered into shall bee

null and void and that it shall be lawfull for the Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London out of the Revenue settled by this Act for relief of the Orphans and other Creditors to allow and pay unto such Agents

11 — - -

1 interlined on the Roll.

■ or 0.

A.D. 1694,.

469

5° & 6° Gul. & Mak. c. 10.

and Sollicitors what they judge may be reasonable which sums shall be allowed in the account of the said

Revenue and in case any such Agents or Sollicitors shall demand or receive any more money upon accompt of Agent offending;

or from any of the said Orphans then what shall bee soe adjudged due to them respectively they shall respectively

forfeit treble the sum they shall soe receive to be recovered together with Costs of Suit by such person or Penalty.

persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of their Majesties Courts

of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priveledge or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any

more then one Imparlance.

Provided that this Act shall not extend to the New River water nor the proffittf and pquisittf thereof. } XXIII. Provided neverthelesse that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or taken to hinder or obstruct the R;vcrj °r CW Governour and Company of Undertakers for raiseing the Thames water in York Buildings or their Assignes from and for York takeing or draweing water out of the River of Thames or from laying or repaireing their Pipes or Branches BuildmS* ^ater-according to an Act of Parliament in that behalfe made but that they may still enjoy all their Rights and Titles 2 w. & M. Sew. 2.

by the said Act provided and may still continue to take the said Thames water and to lay and repaire their Pipes c* Pr'

as they might have lawfully done before the makeing of this Act any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Provided alsoe that neither the said Governour and Company of Undertakers for Proviso for Pipes, raiseing the Thames water in York Buildings or their Assigns nor the said Mayor and Comonalty and Citizens or their Assigns do or shall disturb obstruct or hinder each other in laying repaireing or amending such their respective Pipes or Branches or to do or cause to be done any prejudice or damage to each others Pipes or Branches.

Provided that nothing in this Act shall be construed or taken to hinder or obstruct the Governour and XXIV. Company of the Water-works and Waterhouses in Shadwell or their Successors of any right or title to take shadwell°Water

and receive water out of the River of Thames nor to hinder or obstruct them in laying Pipes and Branches in

the Streets and open Passages or holding useing exerciseing or enjoying all or any such right title estate powers priveldges and advantages whatsoever as by one Act of this present Parliament entituled An Act for incorporateing 3 W. &M. c. 37. the Proprietors of the Water-works in the parish of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Middlesex and for the encourageing carrying on and settling the said Waterworkf or by any other lawfull ways and means they and their Successors doe nowr enjoy the same or as they may or might enjoy the same as if this present Act had never been made any thing contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Proviso for Waterworks of Thomas Morrice at London Bridge.

XXVI.

Proviso for S. Hutchinson, he paying a Share in the Convex Lights.

Provided that this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend to the Water-works of Master Thomas Morrice att or neare London Bridge which hee holdeth and enjoyeth by vertue of a grant made to Peter Morrice his late Grandfather from the Mayor Comonalty and Citizens of the City of London for the terme of Five hundred yeares by Indenture under their Comon Seale dated the Foure and twentieth day of November in the Five and twentieth yeare of the reigne of the late Queen Elizabeth nor any of the profittf and benefittf ariseing or accrewing thereby nor to make the same liable or appropriate the same or any part thereof to the payment of the said Interest moneys or Fond hereby intended other then the rent reserved upon the said lease

* • '4

Provided always and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that if Samuel Hutchinson Gentleman or his assignes shall pay to the Partners in the Convex Ligfatf before the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety five his and their lull proportion of money for stock for his and their shares as the other Partners have paid and do within the same [time1] agree and covenant under his and their hands and seales to stand to and performe all such contradf and agreementf as are or shall be made by the said Partners then he the said Samuel Hutchinson his Executors Administrators and Assignes shall and may have hold and enjoy the same interest and benefitt in the premisses as any of the said Partners do or may att any time hold and enjoy the same according to their respective proportions.

And be it further enacted that if any action plaint suit or information shall be commenced or prosecuted against persons*uedVor any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in persuance or in the execution of this Act such person executing Act or persons shall or may plead the Generali Issue thereunto and upon Tryal of any Issue joyned may give this GcneraHwue.

Ad and the special matter in evidence and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit or forbeare further prosecution or suffer discontinuance or if a verdict passe against him the Defendant or Defendant^ shall recover their Costs for which hee or they shall have the like remedy as in any case where Costs by Law are given to ^ost8* Defendants.

Provided always and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that this present Act shall bee accepted taken and XXVIII. reputed to bee a General Act of Parliament of which all and every the Judge and Judges of this Kingdom in all Courts shall take notice on all occasions whatsoever as if it were a Publick Act of Parliament relateing to the whole Kingdome Any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas the residue of the Revenue belonging to the said Mayor and Comonalty and Citizens over and VIonc Gained for above what is hereby appointed to and for the use of the said Orphans and Creditors will not be sufficient until City Charges for further improvementf can be made to answer and defray the expences necessary for supporting the Government fxtccding^ooD and publick charges of the said City Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that for the space of Seven yearly, yeares comencing from the nine and twentieth day of September last past it shall be lawful for the Mayor and

interlined on the Roll.

6 D

A.D. 1694.

5° &6° Gul. & Mar. c. 10, 11.

Court of Aldermen to retaine and apply and for the Chamberlaine to issue and pay towards the necessary expences or charges any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of Two thousand pounds yearely out of the moneys hereby appointed to and for the use of the said Orphans and Creditors as aforesaid Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that if after the deduction and allowance

be<rcpaideta,ne<^*he sa*^ Two t^lousan^ pounds per annum for the use and support of the Government of the said City of London dureing the said terme of Seven yeares there shall not be raised and paid to the Orphans and Creditors by this Act intended to bee provided for out of the residue of the rents issues and profittf of the several Provisions and Fondf above mencbed so much money as will fully satisfie [all1] the said Orphans and Creditors interest for all their several and respective debts after the rate of Foure pounds per Centum per Annum dureing the said whole terme of Seven yeares that then and in such case the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens of the said City of London for the time being shall repay into the hands of the Chamberlain of London for the time [being*] within Seven yeares after the expiration of the said terme the whole and full sum ofFoureteene thousand pounds or soe much thereof as they shall have made use of for the support of the Government by Two thousand pounds per Annum or such lesse yearely sum as shall be proportionable to what they shall have soe made use of until the same or soe much thereof as shall make good the deficiency that shall appeare in the satisfaction of the interest of all the said moneys due to the said Orphans and other Creditors att the rate aforesaid by reason of applying the said Two thousand pounds per Annum or any part thereof to the use of and for the support of the City Lands charged Government of the said City for the terme aforesaid shall be satisfied And for secureing the repayment thereof as aforesaid all and every the estate rents revenues interest perquisites profittf and emolumentf of any sort (except the mannors messuages lands estates possessions and revenue of and belonging to the said Hospitals in or belonging to the said City of London or Borough of Southwark and such as are chargeable with and for the repaires of London Bridge) which att the expiracon of the said terme of Seven yeares shall belong unto the said Mayor Comonalty and Citizens thereof in their politick or publick capacity only shall bee and are hereby charged and made subject and liable thereunto.

with Kc-paytnent.

Exception of certain Hospitals.

Rot. Pdtrl. pt. 3. na. 4.

21 Jac. I. cc.3. 23. 13 & 14 (i4)Car.Il.

22 Car. II.

Reasons for passing this A

Certiorari in Term-time grantable only upon Motion.

Recognizance given that the Issue be tried next Assizes.

If not in London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex; and if in the said Cities and County; Proceedings.

CHAPTER XL

An Act to prevent Delays of Proceedingf att the Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

WHEREAS it is experienced that notwithstanding the Statutes made in the one and twentieth yeare of the reigne of King James the First and in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth and Two and twentieth yeares of King Charles the Second concerning the granting of Writtf of Certiorari to remove Indi&mentf of Riotf Forcible Entry Assault and Battery and other Presentmentf and Indittmentf out of the Courts of the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Counties or Places wherein such Indi<51mentf have been found and Proceedingf thereupon recorded into their Majesties Court of Kings Bench diverse turbulent contentious lewd and evil

disposed persons feareing to be deservedly punished where they and their offences are well knowne have not onely

obtained Writtf of Certiorari for removeing such Indiclmentf found against them as aforesaid but alsoe Indi&mentf for sundry other trespasses fraudf nusances contemptf and misdemeanors after issue joyned and the Prosecutors attending with their Councel and Witnesses to try the same before the said Justices of the Peace in their said Sessions to the great discouragement of the Prosecutors and of such Constables and other Officers as according to their duty present persons for those and such like trespasses offences and misdemeanors. For remedy whereof and that such Offenders may be brought to condign punishment Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by [the1] authority of the same that in terme time no Writt of Certiorari whatsoever att the prosecution of any party indicted be hereafter granted awarded or directed out of the said Court of Kings

Bench to remove any such indictment or presentment of trespasse or misdemeanor before tryal had from before the

said Justices in the said Courts of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace unlesse such Certiorari shall be granted or awarded upon motion of Councel and by rule of Court made for the granting thereof before the Judge or Judges of the said Court of Kings-Bench sitting in open Court and that all the parties indicted prosecuting such Certiorari before the allowance thereof shall find two sufficient Manucaptors who shall enter into a recognizance before one or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place in the sum of twenty pounds with condicftn att the returne of such Writt to appeare and plead to the said indictment or presentin': in the said Court of Kings

Bench and att his and their owne costs and charges to cause and procure the issue that shall be joyned upon the

said indictment or presentment or any plea relateing thereunto to bee tryed att the next Assizes to bee held for the County wherein the said indictment or presentment was found after such Certiorari shall be returnable if not in the Cities of London Westminster or County of Middx And if in the said Cities or County then to cause or

procure it to he tryed the next terme after wherein such Certiorari shall bee granted or att the sitting after the

said terme [if the Court of Kings Bench shall not appoint any other time for the tryal thereof and if any other time shalbee appointed by the Court then att such other time *] and to give due notice of such tryal to the Prosecutor or liis Clerk in Court and that the said recognizance or recognizances taken as aforesaid shall be certified into the said Court of Kings Bench with the said Certiorari and indictment to bee there filed and the name of the Prosecutor

1 interlined on the Roll.

annexed to the Original Att in a separate Schedule.

A.D.WDi.

5° & (5° Gul. & Mar. c. 11, 12.

471

(if he be the party grieved or injured) or some publick Officer to be endorsed on the back of the said indictment and if the person prosecuting such Certiorari being the defendant shall not before allowance thereof procure such Certiorari granted Manucaptors to bee bound in a recognizance as aforesaid the Justices of the Peace may and shall proceed to tryal Recognizance of the said indictment att the said Sessions notwithstanding such Writt of Certiorari soe delivered. void-

And be it further enacted that if the defendant prosecuting such Writt of Certiorari be convicted of the offence 11

Costs.

for which he was indicted that then the said Court of Kings Bench shall give reasonable costs to the prosecutor

if he be the party grieved or injured or be a Justice of the Peace Mayor Bailitfe Constable Headborough Tythingman

Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor or any other Civil Officer who shall prosecute upon the account of any

salt comitted or done that concerned him or them as Officer or Officers to prosecute or present which costs shall

be taxed according to the course of the said Court and that the prosecutor for the recovery of such costs shall Recovery °f Costs.

within Tenne days alter demand made of the defendant and refusal of payment on oath have an attachment granted

against the defendant by the said Court for such his contempt And that the said recognizance shall not bee Recognizance not

discharged till the costs soe taxed shall bee paid. paid.

Provided always and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That in any of the vacations Writtf of Certiorari may bee granted by any of the Justicf of their Majesties Court of Kings-Bench whose names shall be endorsed on the said Writt and alsoe the name of such person att whose instance the same is granted and that the party or parties indicted prosecuting such Certiorari shall before the allowance of such Writt or Writtf of Certiorari find such sureties in such sum and with such conditions as are before mentioned and specified in this present Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That upon every Certiorari granted or awarded within the Counties Palatine of Chester Lancaster or Durham to remove indictment f or presentmentf for any of the matters Chester, &c. aforementioned all the parties indicted prosecuting such Certiorari shall find such Sureties to bee bound in such how grantctJ. sums and with such respective conditions and att his and their owne costs and charges shall cause and procure the issue joyned upon the said IndiCtmentf or Presen tmentf to bee tryed att the next Assizes or general Goal Delivery to be held for the said respective Counties and shall give like notice to the prosecutor and if convicted shall be liable to like costs to bee taxed as is by this Act provided for in cases where the same are granted or awarded out of the Court of Kings Bench at Westminster.

hi.

Certiorari how grantable in Vacation.

iv.

Certiorari in

[Provided always and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any indictment or presentment bee against any person or persons for not repaireing of any High-ways Cawsies Pavementf or Bridges and the right or title to repaire the same may come in question upon such suggestion and affidavit made of the truth thereof a Certiorari may bee granted to remove the same into the Court of Kings Bench Any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Provided neverthelesse that the partie or parties prosecuting such Certiorari shall find two Manucaptors to bee bound in a recognizance with condition as aforesaid.

V.

Certiorari upon repairing Highways, &c.

Recognizance by Prosecutor.

Provided always and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That this Act shall continue and bee in force for three yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and noe longer.']

VI.

Continuance of Ad.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act to take away the Processe for the Capiatur Fine in the several Courts att Westminster. Rot. Parl. pt. 3.

nu. 5.

WHEREAS there are diverse suits and actions of trespasse ejedment assault and false imprisonment brought Reasons for passing

by party against party in the respective Courts of Law att Westminster and upon judgement entred against tJlls A^'

the defendant or defendantf in such suits or actions the respective Courts aforesaid doe (ex officio) issue out

processe against such defendant and defendants for a fine to the C.rowne for a breach of the peace thereby comitted

which is not ascertained but is usually compounded for a small sum of money by some Officer in each of the

said Courts but never estreated into the Exchequer which Officers or some of them doe very often outlaw the

defendantf for the same to their very great damage. For remedy whereof Be it enacted by the King and Queens

most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal and the Cdmons in

this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from [thenceforth*] noe Writt or Writtf Capias pro Fine

comonly called Capias pro Fine in any of the said suits or actions in any of the said Courts shall bee sued out taktn awajr*

or prosecuted against any of the said defendant or defendantf or any [other*] processe thereupon but the same fines

and all former fines yet unpaid are and shall hereby be remitted and discharged for ever Yet neverthelesse the

plaintiff or plaintifff in every such action shall (upon signeing judgement therein over and above the usual Fees

for signeing thereof) pay to the proper Officer who signeth the same the sum of Six shillingf and eight pence

in full satisfaction of the said fine and all fees due for or concerning the said fine to bee distributed in such

manner as fines and fees of this kind have usually been and not otherwise which said Officer and Officers shall

make an increase to the plaintiff or plaintifff of soe much in their Costs to bee taxed against the said defendant Fine turned , , r , r 0 into Costs,

and defendantf.

‘ annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* henceforth 0.

s further O.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 13, 14.

A.D. 1694.

CHAPTER XIII.

*0/. /W. /W. 3.

nu. 6.

An Act to repeal the Statute made in the Tenth yeare of King Edward the Third for finding sureties for the

good abearing by him or her that hath a pardon of Felony.

Recital of 10 Edwr. III. c. 3.

10 Edw. III. c. 3. repealed.

TT WHEREAS by one Ad made att the Parliament holden in the Tenth yeare of the Reigne of King Edward V ▼ the Third itt was amongst other things enacted That in case the King should grant any Charters of Pardon of Manslaughter Robbery Felonies and other trespasses against the peace That within three months after the makeing the same they that should have the said Charters should come and find (before the Sherifff and Coroners of the Counties where the Felonies were done) Six good and sufficient Mainpernors for whom the said Sherifff and Coroners would answer That they from thenceforth should beare themselves well and lawfully And that the mainprizes should bee sealed with their seales and returned into Chancery within Three weeks after the end of the said Three months And that if they that should have such Charters would in time to come aid themselves thereby and should not find such mainprizes or after such mainprize found should beare themselves otherwise against the peace then they ought their Charters should bee holden for none Which Statute hath been found very inconvenient in relation to diverse persons who have been esteemed fitt objeftf of mercy And therefore the said Statute hath been seldome putt in practice but for the most part hath been dispenced withal in the Charters of Pardons that were granted in former Reignes. And forasmuch as by one Act made hi the First yeare of their now Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for declareing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject and settling the succession of the Crowne it was enacted That from and after that Session of Parliament noe dispensation by Non obstante of or to any Statute or any part thereof should bee allowed but that the same should bee held void and of none effect whereby diverse of their Majesties Subjects are rendred lesse capable of their Majesties mercy then before it beeing very difficult if not impossible to find six substantial persons who will adventure to bee bound for the good behaviour of any person needing a pardon dureing his Life. Bee it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That the said Act made in the Tenth yeare of King Edward the Third and every article and Clause therein shall bee and are repealed and annulled and are hereby declared to bee repealed and annulled to all intentf and purposes whatsoever.

II.

Persons pardoned, even Feme Coverts and Infants, to give Security for good Behaviour for Seven Years.

Provided neverthelesse and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Charter of Pardon bee pleaded by any person for any Felony the Justices before whom such Pardon shall bee pleaded may att their discretion remand or comitt such person to prison there to remaine until hee or shee shall enter into a recognizance with two sufficient sureties for his or her being of the good behaviour for any time not exceeding seven yeares. Provided that if any such Charter of Pardon bee pleaded by a Fern Covert or Infant such Fern Covert or Infant may find two sufficient sureties who shall enter into a recognizance for him or her being of the good behaviour as is aforesaid.

Rot. Par/, pt. 6 nu. I.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for raiseing money by a Poll payable quarterly for One yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against

France

Reasons for passing this Act.

Grant of 4a. payable Quarterly by all Persons.

Proviso for Almsmen and their Children under 16.

For Poor House-keepers and their Children under 16.

For Children under 16, of Day Labourers.

For Children under 16, of certain other Persons.

WEE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled having entred into a serious consideration of the great and extraordinary expences in which your Majesties are engaged for the necessary defence of your Realmes and the vigorous carrying on the Warr against France and being desirous to raise Aids and Supplies proportionable to the greatnesse of the occasions doe most humbly present to your Majesties a free guift of the several sums of money herein after specified beseeching your Majesties that it may bee enacted. And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That all and every person and persons of what age sex or condition soever within this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed shall pay unto their Majesties the sums hereafter mencoed (that is to say) the sum of One shilling on the First day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of One shilling on the First day of September One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of One shilling on the First day of December One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of One shilling on the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety foure (except such persons as shall receive Alms of the Parish where they dwfell and their Children being under the age of Sixteen yeares att the time of the execution of this Act And except all Poor Housekeepers or Householders who by reason of their Poverty onely are exempted from contributing to the Church and Poor and their Children being under the age of Sixteen yeares And alsoe except all Children being under the age of Sixteen yeares of all Day Labourers and of all Servantf in Husbandry And alsoe except all Children under the age of Sixteen yeares of such who have Foure or more Children and are not worth in Lands Goods and Chattells the sum of Fifty pounds).

II.

Over the Sums aforesaid.

Persona of and under Jd600.

And bee it further enacted That over and above the sums aforesaid every person having a Personall Estate of the cleare value of Three hundred pounds or more and under the value of Six hundred pounds shall pay to their Majesties the sums hereafter men£6ed (that is to say) the sum of Ten shillingf on the said First day of

A-D. 1.694.

5° Sc 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 14.

473

June in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of Tenne shiliingf on the said First day of September in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of Ten shiliingf on the First day

of December in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure and the sum of Ten shiliingf on the First

day of March in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure And that every person under the degree of a Peer of this Realme having an Estate in the whole either Real or Personal of the cleare value of Six

hundred pounds or more shall pay unto their Majesties the sum of Twenty shiliingf quarterly att the several

days before mentioned And that noe person nor persons not haveing such Estates respectively and thereof makeing Oath before Two or more of the respective Commissioners hereafter appointed shall bee charged with the said quarterly sums of Tenne shiliingf or Twenty shiliingf.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Cursitor Philizer Attorney Sollicitor Clerk in Chancery or Exchequer or other Courts of Law or Equity or Scrivener or practising as such and every Chancellor

Commissary Official and Register and every Advocate Proctor Apparitor and Publick Notary or practising as such

and all other Officers in any Court and all Merchantf Brokers to Merchantf and Pawn-Brokers shall bee charged to pay Twenty shiliingf quarterly att the several days before-mentioned And none of the said persons soe charged to bee further liable to be charged or pay as haveing a personal Estate of Three hundred pounds and under Six

hundred pounds or any Estate real or personal of the value of Six hundred pounds or more And alsoe that

every Clergyman not being a Lord Spiritual haveing or receiving in or by any Benefice or Contribution (or otherwise) to the value of Eighty pounds per annum or upwardf And every Preacher or Teacher in any

Congregation whatsoever not having taken Orders according to the discipline of the Church of England haveing

and receiving by any Contribution or otherwise to the value of Fourescore pounds per annum or upwardf (other then French Protestantf) shall bee charged and pay Twenty shiliingf quarterly att the several days before-mentioned And none of the said last mentioned persons soe charged to bee further charged or pay as haveing an Estate real or personal of such value as aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted That every Person who by reason of his or her Estate is charged or by any Law now in being is in any manner chargeable to find a Horse and Horseman with Arms to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom And all and every Deputy Lieutenantf and other Officers of the Militia having any Estate or Estates of such value as ought by Law to bee chargeable to find or contribute towards finding of a Horse and Horseman with Arms although such Officers bee not actually charged for the finding or contributing to find a Horse and Horseman with Arms (over and above all other sums with which hee or she is chargeable by this Act) shall for each and every Horse hee or shee is soe charged or chargeable with pay the sums hereafter mencoed

(that is to say) the sum of Twenty shiliingf on the First day of June in the said yeare One thousand six hundred

ninety foure the sum of Twenty shiliingf on the First day of September in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of Twenty shiliingf on the First day of December in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of Twenty shiliingf on the First day of March in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure and soe proportionably every person contributing towards finding an Horse or Horses and Horsemen with Armes as aforesaid

And bee it further enacted That every person not finding or contributing to the finding of a Horse and Horseman with Arms as aforesaid who does keep a Coach Chariot or Calash over and above all other sums with which hee or she is chargeable by this Act shall pay the sums hereafter mentioned that is to say the sum of Twenty shiliingf on the First day of June in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of Twenty shiliingf on the First day of September in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of Twenty shiliingf on the First day of December in the sayd yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure and the sum of Twenty shiliingf on the (1) First day of March in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure (except such persons as keep Stage Coaches or Hackney Coaches.

And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That every Lord Spiritual and Temporal of this Realme shall over and [above1] any sum with which hee is chargeable by this Act pay to Their Majesties the sums hereafter mentioned that is to say) the sum of Ten pounds on the First day of June in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of Ten pounds on the First day of September in the yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sum of Ten pounds on the First day of December in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure and the sum of Ten pounds on the First day of March in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure.

And bee it further enacted That every Person (except Women) under the degree of a Peer of this Realme and haveing an Estate of the value of Three hundred pounds as aforesaid and being of the Age of Sixteen

yeares or upwardf and being within this Realme att the time of the execution of this Act who have not already

taken the Oaths hereafter mentioned to Their Majesties and who shall not voluntarily appeare before the said

Commissioners or two or more of them within the time limited by this Act for heareing Appeals and take the

Oaths mencbed and required to bee taken by an Act made in the First yeare of Their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for the abrogateing the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths (which Oaths the Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby impowered and required to administer and make an Entry

1 said 0. t interlined on the Roll*

Persons under the Degree of a Peer of d?6oo or more, real or personal.

Persons not having such Estate on Oath not charged.

III.

Cursitors and other Officers in Courts of Law, &c.

Merchants and Brokers.

Clergymen of t£Bo and upwards.

Preachers not having Orders.

IV.

Persons, Deputy Lieutenants, &c. already chargeable by Estate to find a Horse and Horseman for Militia.

V.

Persons not chargeable as above, but keeping a Coach, &c.

Persons keening Stage and Hackney Coaches.

VI.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal to pay over and above charge by this Act.

VII.

Persons under Peers of 16 Years, and having and being within the Realm, and not having taken the Oaths of

i W. Sc M. Sess. j. c.8.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 14.

A.D. 1694.

which Commissionersare to administer. See. charged double, i W. & M. Sess. i. c. 8.

VIII. Proviso for Quakers who may make Declaration of Fidelity of I YV. Sc M. Sess. i. c.»8.

IX.

Commissioners under 4 W. Sc M. c, I. ante, to be Commissioners for executing this Act

and to be qualified under this Act and c.1. ante.

Commissioners to meet ad May 1694

may divide themselves;

and direct Precepts to Inhabitants, Constables, fcc. to attend;

and thereupon Commissioners to read, &c. the Rates openly, and instruct them how to make their Certificates, and prefix another Day for bringing Certificates of Names, See. of Persons residing within certain Limits, together with Assessment; Penalty ; and also return Collectors;

for whose paying to Receiver General, Parish to be answerable.

Such Certificates and Assessments to be returned to Commissioners 18th May 1694 ; and thereupon Commissioners to issue Warrants for collecting Assessments, and Collectors to demand Payment accordingly; and to levy and pay same for the said several quarterly Payments at the times herein mentioned. Receivers to hasten Collectors.

or Memorandum thereof in some Book to bee kept for that purpose) And every such person who shall neglect to appeare or shall not take the Oaths as aforesaid shall bee charged with and shall pay to Their Majesties double the sums which by force or virtue of any Clause in this Act hee should or ought to pay or bee charged with to bee levied collected answered recovered and paid in such manner and by such ways and meanes as are in this Act expressed and appointed for and concerning the Rates and sums hereby intended to bee doubled as aforesaid.

Provided neverthelesse That whereas certaine Persons Dissenters from the Church of F.ngland comonly called Quakers and now knowne to bee such doe scruple the takeing any Oath itt shall bee sufficient for every such person to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity contained in an Act made in the last Parliament entituled An Act for exempting Their Majesties Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certaine Laws which declaration any Two or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act are hereby impowered and required to take and every such person soe doeing shall not bee liable to or chargeable with any of the double Rates aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the better assessing ordering and levying of the several sums of money soe as aforesaid limitted and appointed to bee paid and for the more effectual putting of this present Act in execucon all and every the persons that were named and appointed Commissioners of and for the execution of the Act made in the Fourth yeare of Their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties an Aid of Foure shilling^ in the pound for One yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against France and shall bee qualified according to the directions of this Act and the Act made in this present Session of Parliament entituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties an Aid of Foure shilling^ in the Pound for One Yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against France shall bee Commissioners for putting in execution this present Act and the powers therein contained within all and every the several and respective Counties Ridingf Cities Cinque Ports Boroughs Townes and Places for which they were appointed Commissioners in the aforesaid Act And the said Commissioners in order to a speedy execution of this Act shall (and are hereby required) in their respective Counties Ridingf Cities Boroughs Townes and Places meet together att the most usual or common place of meeting within such of the said Counties Ridingf Cities Boroughs Townes and Places respectively on the Second day of May One thousand six hundred ninety foure And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present att the first General Meeting or the major part of them may by their consentf and [agreementf *] divide aswell themselves as other the Commissioners not then present for the execution of this Act in Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Wards Townes and other Places within their Limittf Priveledged or not priveledged in such manner and forme as to them shall seem expedient and shall direct their several or joint precept or preceptf to such Inhabitantf High Constables Petty Constables Baylifff and other such like Officers and Ministers and such number of them as they in their discretions shall think most convenient to bee Presenters and Assessors requireing them to appeare before the said Comissioners att such time [&1] place as they shall appoint not exceeding Eight days And att such their appearing the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall bee thereunto appointed shall openly read or cause to be read unto them the Rates in this Act mentioned and openly declare the Effeftf of their charge unto them and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates according to the Rates aforesaid and shall then and there prefix another day to the said persons to appeare before the said Commissioners and bring in their Certificates of the Names and Sirnames Qualities Degrees Titles Estates Professions Imploymentf and Trades of all and every the persons dwelling or residing within the limittf of those places with which they shall bee charged and of all other things in respect whereof any person is or may bee chargeable by this Act together with the Assessment of the respective Rates hereby imposed on each particular person according to the Rules and Directions hereof without concealment love favour dread or malice upon paine of forfeiture of any sum not exceeding Five pounds to bee levied as by this Act is appointed and shall alsoe then returne the names of two or more able and sufficient persons within the Boundf and Limittf of those Parishes or Places where they shall bee charged respectively as aforesaid to bee Collectors of the money due to Their Majesties by this Act for whose paying unto the Receiver General (to bee appointed by Their Majesties) their Deputy or Deputies in manner following such moneys as they shall bee charged withal the Parish or Place by whom they shall bee employed shall bee answerable which Certificates and Assessmentf shall bee ascertained and returned into the Commissioners att or before the Eighteenth day of May One thousand six hundred ninety foure and upon the delivery or returning in of such Certificates or Assessmentf unto the said Comissioners they or any two or more of them shall forthwith issue out and deliver their Warrantf of Estreatf to such Collectors as aforesaid for the speedy collecting and levying of the said Assessmentf and all monies and Rates due thereupon according to the intent and directions of this Act of all which the said Collectors are hereby required to make demand of the Parties themselves or att the Places of their last Abode within Six days after the receipt of such Warrantf or Estreatf and to levy and pay in att such place as the Commissioners shall appoint unto the respective Receiver General his Deputy or Deputyes the sums payable for the first of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the First day of June One thousand six hundred ninety foure and the sums payable for the second of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the First day of September One thousand six hundred ninety foure the sums payable for the third of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the First day of December One thousand six hundred ninety foure and the sums payable for the fourth and last of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety foure And the respective Receivers are hereby impowered and required to call upon and hasten the Collectors to the said Paymentf And in default

1 Agreement 0.

interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1694.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 14.

475

thereof to levy by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the Commissioners upon the If not paid, Distress respective Collectors by disiresse such sum and sums of money as they have received and as ought by them up°n to have been paid and are not paid by reason of their failure in doeing their duty respectively according to the direction of this Act.

And bee it enacted That a true Duplicate of the whole sum charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated and assessed in pursuance of this Act (without nameing the persons shall under the Hands and Seales of Two or more of the Comissioners thereunto appointed bee returned into Their Majesties Exchequer before the second day of July One thousand six hundred ninety foure (all Appeals being first determined) And in like manner within Thirty days after every other quarterly payment and the like Duplicates bee alsoe in convenient time made out and delivered unto the Receivers General soe as every of them may bee duely charged to answer their respective Collections and Receiptf And that the said several quarterly sums bee paid into Their Majesties Exchequer att the several times following that is to say the First of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the Second day of July in the yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the second of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the Second day of October in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure the third of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the Second day of January in the said yeare One thousand six hundred ninety foure And the fourth and last of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the Second day of April in the yeare One thousand six hundred ninety five And upon returne of any such Certificate the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall and may (if they see cause) examine the Presenters thereof And if the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them within their several Limittf shall att the time of the delivery of the said Certificates or within Twelve days after have knowledge or reasonable cause of suspition that any person or persons who ought to bee mentioned in the said Certificates is or are omitted or that any person or persons in the said Certificates mentioned is not or are not fully and duely charged according to the true intent of this Act the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall have power to warne such person or persons to appeare before them att a day and place prefixed to bee examined touching the premisses or any matter which may any ways concerne the same And if the person or persons warned to bee examined shall neglect to appear not having a reasonable excuse for such his default every person soe makeing default shall pay unto Their Majesties double the sum or rate hee should or ought to have been sett att And moreover the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall have power by any lawfull ways and meanes to examine and esquire into all matters and things for or by reason of which any persons are chargeable by this Act And to sett such Rate or Rates upon such persons as shall bee according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And the said Receiver General shall have an allowance of Two pence in the pound for all moneys which shall bee

by him payd into the Receipt of the Exchequer And every Collector shall have Three pence in the pound for

what moneys hee shall pay to the Receiver General his Deputy or Deputies

And for the careful writeing and transcribing the said Warrantf Estreates and Duplicates in due time and for

makeing Certificates upon Appeals or otherwise be it further enacted That the Commissioners Clerkf who shall respectively perforate the same shall by Warrant under Three or more of the Comissioners Hands have & receive from the respective Receivers General their Deputy or Deputies One penny in the pound of all such moneys as they shall have received by virtue of such Warrantf and Estreatf who are hereby appointed to pay the same accordingly.

X.

Duplicate of Sum charged on every Hundred, &c. under Hand and Seal of Commissioners, returned into Exchequer. Duplicates delivered to Receiver General. The said Quarterly Sums paid into Exchequer at the times herein mentioned.

Upon Return of Certificate Commissioners may examine Presenters, and suspecting Value of Estate,

may warn Persons to appear to be examined. Persons not appearing

Penalty.

Commissioners may examine into Estates, &c. chargeable, and set a Rate.

Receiver General Twopence in the Pound. Collector Threepence in the Pound.

XI.

Commissioners Clerks One penny in the Pound.

And if any person or persons shall refuse to pay the several sum and sums and proportions appointed by this Act for such persons to pay upon demand made by the Officer or Collector of the place according to the Preceptf or Estreatf to him delivered by the said Commissioners it shall bee lawfull to and for such Officer or Collector who is hereby thereunto authorized and required) for non payment thereof to distraine the goods or chattels of such person or persons and the Distresse soe taken to keep by the space of Foure days att the costs and charges of the Owners thereof And if the said Owner doe not pay the sum of money due by this Act within the said Foure days then the said Distresse to bee appraised by Two or more of the Inhabitantf where the said Distresse is taken and there to bee sold by the said Officer for payment of the said money and the overplus comeing by the said sale (if any bee over and above the charges of takeing and keeping the said distresse to bee immediately restored to the Owner thereof And if any person or persons assessed by this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay the sum or sums assessed by the space of Ten days after demand as aforesaid where noe such sufficient distresse can or may bee found whereby the same may bee levied in every such case Three of the Commissioners by this Act appointed for any such [County Cityf] or place are hereby authorized by warrantf under their hands and seales to committ such person or persons to the Common Goal there to bee kept without Bail or Mainprize until payment shall bee made. . v «

And if any person certified assessed or rated find him or herselfe agrieved with such assessing or rateing and doe w'ithin Five days after demand thereof made complaine to the said Commissioners [the said Comissioners or any Three or more of them (whereof Two shall bee of the Commissioners who signed or allowed his or her Rate) shall and may within Seven days next after such complaintf particularly examine the party soe complaineng (3) upon his or her Oath touching the same and upon due examination or knowledge thereof abate defaulk increase

XII.

Persons assessed refusing to pay on Demand, Officer may distrain.

Proceedings

thereon.

Persons assessed not paying in Ten Days, and where no sufficient Distress, Party imprisoned in Common Gaol without Bail.

XIII.

Persons aggrieved by Rate, &c. may complain to Commissioners. Commissioners to meet to hear Complaint;

1 City County O.

2 interlined on die Roll.

complaining O.

5°& 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 14.

A. I). 1694.

and may abate or increase the Assessment.

XIV. Persons rated where they reside.

XV.

Persons having several Mansions, and being doubly charged ; Certificate by Commissioners without Fee ; and on Oath of Certificate, discharged in every other County, &c. Persons out of the Realm rated where lall abiding. Persons

unduly escaping Assessment

charged double.

XVI. Commissioners may assess other Commissioners and also Assessors.

XVII.

A ssessor, Collector, See. neglecting his Duty.

Commissioners may fine not exceeding *£20.

Commissioners to require Accounts from Receiver General; and in case of Failure, to levy.

In case of Controversy between Commissioners as to assessing, Commis.sioners concerned to withdraw.

On Refusal, Commissioners may fine, not exceeding 5^20. Questions touching Rates determined by Commissioners.

Receiver General to give Acquittances gratis to Collectors.

Colbdors to deliver to Receiver General a Schedule of Persons making Default, and Sums charged

to be by him returned into the Exchequer

or inlarge the said Assessment and the same soe abated increased or inlarged shall bee estreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid And to that end the said Commissioners are hereby required to meet together for the determineing of such Complaintf and Appeals accordingly.

And bee it further enacted That every person to bee rated by this Act shall bee rated att such places where hee or she and with his or her family shall bee resident att the time of the execution of this Act And that every person not being a Housholder nor haveing a certaine place of abode and all Servantf shall bee taxed att the place where they are resident att the time of the execution of this Act the Tax upon such Servantf to bee paid by their respective Master or Mistresse and to bee deduded out of their wages which dedudion the said Master or Mistresse is hereby impowrered to make.

Provided always That if any person having several Mansion houses or places of residence shall bee doubly charged by virtue of this Act that upon certificate made by Two or more of the Comissioners for the County City or place (which certificate the said Comissioners are hereby required to give without delay fee or reward) of his or their personal residence under their hands and scales of the sum or sums there charged upon him or them or in what capacity or respect hee or they were soe charged And upon oath made of such certificate before any Justice of the Peace of the County or place where such Certificate shall bee made (which oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby authorized to administer) then the person or persons soe doubly charged shall for soe much as shall bee certified bee discharged in every other County City or place And if any person att the time of the assessing shall bee out of the Realme such person shall bee rated where such person was last abideing within the Realme and if any person that ought to bee taxed by virtue of this Act by changeing his place of residence or by fraud or covin shall escape from the Taxation and not bee taxed and the same bee proved before the Commissioners or Two of them or Two Justices of the Peace of the County where such person dwelleth or resideth att any time within Twelve months next ensuing after such Taxation made every person that shall soe escape from the said Taxation and Payment shall bee charged upon proof thereof att the double value of soe much as hee should or ought to have been taxed by this Act the said double value upon certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Comissioners or Justices before whom such proof shall bee made to bee levied of the goods Chattells (1) and Tenementf of such persons tow'ardf the Supply aforesaid.

Provided always and bee it further enacted That the Commissioners within any County or Place within their respective limittf or the major part of them shall tax and assesse every other Comissioner joyned with them and the Commissioners within their Division shall assesse every Assessor within their Division And aswell all sums upon every of the said Comissioners and Assessors as the Assessmentf made and presented by the Presenters as aforesaid shall bee written estreated levied and gathered as the same should and ought to have been as if the said Commissioners had not been named Commissioners.

And be it further enacted That if any Assessor Collector Receiver or any other person appointed by the Commissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his duty in the due and speedy execution of this present Act the said respective Commisssioners or any two or more of them may and shall by virtue of this Act impose on such person or persons so refusing or neglecting their duties any Fine not exceeding Twenty pounds for any one offence the same to bee levied and certified as aforesaid into their Majesties Court of Exchequer and charged upon the respective Receivers General amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid And the said Commissioners or any two or more of them may or shall from time to time call for and require an account from the respective Receivers General of all the moneys received by them of the said Collectors and of the payment thereof into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer according to the direction of this Act And in case of any failure in the premisses the said Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to bee forthwith levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And in case of any controversie ariseing between the said Commissioners concerning the said Rates or Assessmentf the Commissioners that shall bee concerned therein shall have noe voice but shall withdraw dureing the debate of such controversie until it bee determined by the rest of the Commissioners And in default thereof that the Commissioners then present shall have powder and are hereby required to impose such fine or fines as to them shall bee thought fitt upon such Commissioners soe refuseing to withdraw not exceeding the sum of Twenty pounds and to cause the same to bee levied and paid as other fines to bee imposed by virtue of this Act are to bee levied and paid And all quesdons and differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assessmentf or Levies and the collecting thereof shall bee heard and finally determined by Three or more of the Commissioners upon complaint thereof to them made by any person or persons thereby grieved without further trouble or Suit in Law And the said Receiver General his Deputy or Deputys shall give Acquittances gratis to the said Collectors for all moneys of them received in pursuance of this Act wrhich Acquitances shall bee a full discharge to the said Collectors respectively and the said Collectors shall make and deliver to the said Receivers General their Deputy or Deputies a perfect Schedule fairely written in parchment under their hands and seales signed and allowed by any Two or more of the respective Commissioners containing the names and sirnames and places of abode of every person within their respective collection that shall make default of payment of any the sums that shall bee rated or assessed on such person by virtue of this Act and the sum and sums charged on every such person the same to bee by him returned into their Majesties Exchequer whereupon every person soe makeing default of payment may bee charged by processe of the said Court according to the course thereof in that behalfe.

1 Lands O.

A.D. 1694

477

5° & 6° Gul. Sc Mar. c. 14.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Letters Patentf granted by the King and Queens Majesties or any of their Royal Progenitors or to bee granted by their Maj',e\ to any person or persons Cities Boroughs or Townes Corporate within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priveledges or Exemptions from subsidies tollf taxes assessmentf or aids shall bee construed or taken to exempt any person or persons City Borough or Towne Corporate or any the Inhabitant^ of the same from the Burthen or Charge of any sum or sums of money granted by this Act And all Non obstantes in such Letters Patentf for any such purpose or intent are hereby declared to bee void and of none effect.

And be it enacted That all Constables Headboroughs Tythingmen and other their Majesties Officers shall and are hereby required and enjoyned to bee respectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this Act and to obey and execute such preceptf or warrantf as shall bee to them directed in that behalfe by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed or any Two or more of them.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suit or Information shall bee

commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what hee or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution

of this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may plead the General Issue (Not Guilty) and upon (') Issue joyned may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence and if the Plaintiffe or [Prosecuto1] shall become nonsuit or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendant and Defendant^ shall recover their Treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in case where Costs by Law are given to the Defendants.

And bee it further enacted and ordained That the respective Parents Guardians and Tutors of every person under the age of One and twenty yeares shall upon default of Payment by such person and upon demand pay what is due and payable by this Act for every such person resideing in their Family or under their Tuition as before herein is mentioned.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all moneys due and payable by this Act shall bee paid by the particular Collectors of the respective Counties Cities Borroughs Townes Parishes and Places who shall collect the same unto such Receiver General as shall by their Majesties bee appointed to receive the same or to the

Deputy or Deputies of such Receiver General to bee appointed under his hand and scale whereof notice shall bee

given by the Receiver General to the Commissioners or any Two of them within the respective Divisions within Tenne days after their General Meeting and soe from time to time within Tenne days after every death or removal of any Deputy (if any such shall happen) And the Receipt of such Receiver General his Deputy or Deputies or any one of them shall bee a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector.

And bee it further enacted That the particular Collectors for paymentf of any sums by them received unto such Receiver General or his Deputy shall not bee obliged to travel above Tenne miles from the place of their habitations.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Receiver General from time to time within the space of One month next after hee shall have received the full sum that shall bee charged [on3] any hundred or Division for each particular quarterly payment that is to bee made to such Receiver General by virtue of this Act shall give the Commissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a receipt under his Hand and Scale acknowledging his receipt of the full sum charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular payment which receipt shall bee a full discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular paymentf against their Majesties their Heires and Successors.

And for preventing such unjust vexations as might bee occasioned by such persons as shall bee appointed Receivers General of any the sums of money granted by this Act And to the intent the said Receivers General may returne a true account into their Majesties Court of Exchequer of such sums of money as shall bee received by them and every of them their and every of their Deputy and Deputies bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it any such Receiver General shall returne or certifie into the said Courte any sum or sums of money to bee in arrear or unpaid after the same hath been received either by such Receiver General or by his Deputy or Deputies or any of them or shall cause any person or persons to bee sett insuper in the said Court for any sum or sums of money that hath been soe received that then every such Receiver General shall forfeit to every

person and persons that shall bee molested vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust certificate returne or

setting insuper treble Damages that shall bee thereby occasioned the said Damages to bee recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which noe F.ssoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall bee allowed nor any more than one Imparlance And shall alsoe forfeit to their Majesties their Heires and Successors double the sum that shall bee soe unjustly certified or returned or caused to bee sett insuper.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners who shall bee employed in the execution of this Act shall bee lyable for or by reason of such execution to any the Penalties

mentioned in an Act made in the Five and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of King Charles the Second for the

preventing of dangers which may happen from Popish Recusantf.

1 any 0. 2 Prosecutor 0. 3 upon 0.

XVIII. Letters Patent, &c. not to be an Exemption.

XIX.

Constables, &c. to be aiding in executing Ad, and obey Commissioners.

XX.

In Actions for executing Ad, General Issue -may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

XXI. Parents, Guardians, &c. of Infants, to pay for Persons residing in their Families.

XXII.

Collectors to pay

Say Monies to Lcceiver General &c.;

Notice thereof by Receiver General to Commissioners. Receipt of Receiver General, a Discharge.

XXIII. Collector travelling.

XXIV.

Receiver General to give Commissioners a Receipt acknowledging the Money charged upon Hundred, &c.

XXV. Receivers General certifying Arrears due where Monies have been received.

Penalty to Party.

Penalty to Their Majesties.

XXVI. Commissioners not liable to Penalties of 25 Car. II. c. 2.

6 F

.ZUG.94.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c.14.

XXVII. Penalties how levied.

Provided always and bee it enacted That all Penalties and Forfeitures to bee incurred for any Offences against this Act for which there is noe way of levying herein before prescribed or appointed shall bee levyed by Warrant of any Two or more of the rcspedive Commissioners of the Division or Place where ( ') such Offence was or shall bee committed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the Offender rendring the Overplus to the Owner thereof after a dedudion of reasonable Charges for distraineing the same.

XXVIII. After Appeals determined. Commissioners to cause Duplicates of Sums charged to be transmitted to Sheriff, to be by him transmitted to Exchequer.

And be it further enacted That the Commissioners in every County att a General Meeting to bee by them appointed after all Appeals shall bee first determined shall cause Duplicates of the whole sum charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated and assessed in such County in pursuance of this Act without nameing the Persons to bee fairely written in Parchment and ascertained under Three or more of their Hand(' respectively to each Duplicate And the same soe by them subscribed and ascertained shall bee jointly and together delivered to the Sheriffe of such County and be by him transmitted to the F.xchequer att or before the First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety five.

XXIX. Commissioners to take the Oaths of i W. & M. Scss. I.

C.8.;

which Commissioners may administer.

Penalty s£zoo.

XXX. Where Persons charged in respect of finding Horse or Horsemen, and Assessment not paid, and noGoods;

Assessment levied by Distress.

Tenant of Land

npay and id out of Rent.

XXXI. Serjeants Inn, Inns of Court, and Inns of Chancery how assessed.

Provided always and bee it enacted That noe person shall bee capable of acting as a Commissioner in the execution of this Act before hee shall take the Oaths appointed by an Act made in the First yeare of their Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for the abrogateing the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths which Oaths it shall bee lawfull for any two or more of the Commissioners to administer and they are hereby authorized and required to administer the same to any other Commissioner And in case any person named • a Commissioner for putting in execution this Act shall presume to act as a Commissioner before hee shall have taken the said Oaths hee shall forfeit to their Majesties the sum of Two hundred pounds.

Provided always That all persons charged or chargeable by this Act in respect of their finding or contributeing or being liable to find or contribute to the finding any Horse and Horseman with Armes as aforesaid shall bee assessed with the same in the Counties and places respectively where they doe or ought soe to find or contribute as aforesaid And if the sums assessed or charged in such Counties or Places respectively shall not bee paid within the respective times in this Act before limitted for payment thereof and noe Goods or Chattelis of the person soe assessed sufficient to pay the said sums shall bee found in the place where such Assessment shall bee made it shall bee lawfull in case the Tenant or Tenantf of the Lands in respect of which such Assessment shall bee made shall not within Tenne days after demand thereof pay the said sums to levy the same by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of such Tennant or Tennantf in manner aforesaid And every Tennant paying the sum soe assessed or upon whom the same shall bee levied as aforesaid shall and may dedud soe much out of the Rent payable for the Premisses Which said sum soe deduded and retained shall bee allowed on payment of the residue of the Rent as fully as if the whole Rent had been actually paid to such person to whome the same was due.

And it is hereby further enacted That the several and respective persons inhabiting or lodgeing in Serjeantf Inn in Fleetstreet and Serjeantf Inn in Chancery Lane the Foure Inns of Court and the Inns of Chancery belonging thereto shall bee rated and assessed by this Act according to such proportions as are imposed by this Act.

XXXII. Persons coming to reside in any Division within London, &c. where he was not rated, Commissioneis may summon.

If no Certificate of Payment of former Rates ; then Commissioners may assess.

XXXIII.

Householders to give Names, &c. of Lodgers.

And it is hereby further enacted That if any person shall come to inhabit or reside in any Division or Place within London or Westminster or Five miles thereof where such person was not rated or taxed the Commissioners [acting*] within such Division or Place are hereby required and impowered to summon such person before them and uniesse hee or (i) shall produce a Certificate made according to the Directions of this Act whereby it shall appeare that hee or she was assessed and had actually paid all the precedent Quarterly Paymentf in some other Place the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to cause such person to bee assessed according to this Act and cause the same or such Quarterly Paymentf thereof as shall bee unassessed and unpaid to bee assessed levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Householder shall upon the demand of the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as shall sojourne or lodge in their respective Houses under the Penalty of forfeiting to their Majesties the sum of Tenne pounds to bee levied and recovered in such manner as other Penalties in this Act mentioned are to bee levied and recovered.

XXXIV. Members of the House of Commons who were Commissioners under 4 W. & M. c.i. ami qualified under this Act, may ad as Commissioners in the Counties for which they were appointed under c.7. ante.

Provided always and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons who now are or shall bee Members of the House of Commons and who were named Commissioners for any County City or Place by an Act made in the fourth yeare of theire Majesties Reigne entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Foure shillingf in the pound for One yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against France and shall bee qualified according to the directions of this Act shall bee capable and are hereby impowered and required to act as Comissioners for putting in execution this present Act within the respective Counties Ridingf Cities and Places for which they were by the said recited Act appointed Commissioners one Ad of this {Psent Session of Parliament entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certaine rates and duties upon Salt and upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned

1 any 0.

5 interlined on the Hoi

3 she 0.

479

to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of Tenne hundred thousand on the Warr against France or any clause matter or thing therein contained to notwithstanding.

pounds towards carrying the contrary in any wise

And whereas it was the true intent and meaneing of an Act of this present Session of Parliament entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certaine rates and duties upon Salt and upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such persons as shall voluntarily advance t he sum of Tenne hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the Warr against France That in case any person should contribute or adventure several intire sums of Tenne pounds in manner as is therein mentioned That such person should not by any Fortunate Lott be any ways barred of the yearely sum of One pound for any other intire sum of Tenne pounds contributed or adventured by such person as aforesaid which may bee conceived as a doubt by reason of some obscure Words in the said Act For the explaining whereof It is hereby declared and enacted That every person which hath or shall contribute or adventure several intire sums of Ten pounds in manner aforesaid every such person his or her Executors Administrators and Assignes shall have receive and enjoy for and during the terme of Sixteene yeares therein mentioned the several yearely sums of One pound for every sum of Tenne pounds soe contributed or to bee contributed by him or her as aforesaid excepting only for such sum of Tenne pounds which shall bee intituled to such fortunate Lott as aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the moneys which shall arise by the rates and duties of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors by the said Act granted dureing the last Three yeares of the terme of Sixteen yeares for which the same are thereby granted or soe much of the said moneys ariseing during the said last Three yeares as shall remaine after all Arrearages (if any such shall bee) of the Annuities or yearely or other Paymentf to bee made for the moneys which are or shall bee contributed or adventured pursuant to the said Act shall bee fully satisfied shall bee reserved and disposed as hereafter shall bee directed by Act of Parliament and not otherwise Any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

CHAPTER XV.

An Act for continuing the Act for punishing Officers and Souldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Maj."*\ Service and for punishing false Musters and for the Payment of Quarters for One Yeare longer.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of this present Parliament entituled An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or [deser'] their Majesties Service and for punishing false musters and for payment of Quarters to continue and bee in force until the First day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three and noe longer. And whereas the raiseing or keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdom in time of Peace unlesse it be with Consent of Parliament is against Law. And whereas it is judged necessary by their Majesties and this present Parliament That dureing this time of Warr several of the Forces which [of1] are now on foot should bee continued and others raised for the safety of this Kingdom for the common defence of the Protestant Religion and for the carrying on the Warr against France. And whereas noe man may bee forejudged of Life or Limb or subject to any kind of punishment by martial Law or in any other manner than by the judgement of his Peers and according to the knowne and established Laws of this Realme, Yett neverthelesse it being requisite for the retaining such Forces as are or shall bee raised dureing this exigence of

affaires in their duty that an exact discipline bee observed and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stirr upp sedition

or shall desert their Majesties Service bee brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the Law will allowe. Bee it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That the said Act and every clause matter and thing therein contained shall bee and continue and is hereby declared and enacted to bee and continue in full force and virtue to all intentf construftions and purposes from the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety three until the First day of March which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety foure and noe longer.

And to the end that noe Man may bee forced into forreigne service or compelled without his free consent

to bee listed in any Troop or Company of their Majesties Land Forces Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe person that shall bee listed for the Land Service att any time after the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety three shall bee esteemed a listed Soldier as aforesaid or bee subject to any of the pains and penalties of this Act or any other penaltie for his behaviour as a Soldier that shall not have been brought before a Justice of the Peace not being an Officer in the Army or Chief Magistrate of some City or Towne Corporate or High Constable or Petty Constable in the Hundred or Division where the person shall bee listed and before such Justice Magistrate or High Constable or Petty Constable declare his free consent to bee listed or mustred as a Soldier before hee shall bee listed or mustred or inserted in any muster roll of a Regiment Troop or Company as aforesaid And every Military Officer that shall offend herein shall incurr the like penalty and forfeiture as b by the said continued Act to bee inflicted upon any Officer for makeing a false and untrue muster and the Forfeiture shall bee recovered in the same manner as forfeitures by the said Act. Provided always That the Justice of

XXXV.

Reciting the true Intent of c.7. ante as to Contributors of ^10 under that Act.

Such Contributors entitled to an Annuity of as herein mentioned.

XXXVL Monies arising under c. 7. ante or so much as shall remain after Payment herein mentioned, reserved to be disposed of by AA of Parliament.

Ret. Parl.pt. 6.

MU. 2.

Recital of Sc 5 W. & M.C.13

II.

Soldiers to be listed before a Justice of Peace, &c.

Military Officer offending ; Penalty.

desert O.

* 0 omits.

A. n.16 9 4.

Justice of Peace to give a Certificate of listing to Military Officer and Duplicate to Clerk of the Peace, gratis.

II.

False Musters} Punishment.

Rot. Parl. pi. 6.

HU. 3.

Saltpetre importable in English Bottoms.

Selling Saltpetre for above .£70 per Ton;

Penalty,

Duty as from the East Indies.

U.

Mingling Saltpetre and selling at above Jt'jo per Ton;

or bartering for above that rate

taken to be an undue Sale.

Rot. Parl. pt. 6. nu. [»]

Reciting

28 Edw. III. c 5. 33 Hen. VIII. c.7 2 (2 & 3) Edw.VI C- 37-

Iron, &c. may be exported.

5°& 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 15—IT.

Peace Magistrate or High Constable or Petty Constable before whom such Soldier shall bee listed shall give the Officer gratis a Certificate thereof under his hand which shall bee by such Officer under whom hee shall bee listed produced to the Muster Master att the next muster to bee taken of such Troop or Company and bee by him registred as part of the muster roll for the same And such Justice of Peace Magistrate or High Constable [or Petty Constable1] shall and is hereby required to deliver a duplicate of such his Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace att the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to bee held for the place to bee there by him recorded without any fee or reward for soe doeing.

Provided always and bee it enacted That the proof of any persons being falsly mustred or offering himselfe to bee falsly mustred contrary to the said Act may bee made by Two witnesses before any Jusdce of the Peace of any County City or Towne Corporate where such Offender shall bee taken or first accused for the said Offence and upon such proof being duely made or the voluntary confession of the pty offending every such Jusdce shall and is hereby required to punish (a) such offender according to the directions of the said Act.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act for the Importation of Salt-Petre for One Yeare

FORASMUCH as in time of Warr especially care ought to bee taken that there may bee a sufficient quantity of Salt-Petre in this Kingdome for the use of their Majesties Ships of Warr and Army and alsoe that Merchantf may bee furnished with Gunpowder for the use of their Ships att reasonable rates Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That it shall and may bee lawfull for any of their Majesties Subjects to import and bring Salt-Petre into this Kingdome from any Place or Countrey now in amity with their Majesties for the space of One yeare to bee computed from and after the Five and twentieth day of March which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety foure any Law or Statute heretofore made to the contrary notwithstanding Provided such Salt-Petre bee brought in onely in such Ships or Vessells as are English built and noe other. Provided That noe person or persons importing Salt-Petre by virtue of this Act nor any retailer shall sell any part of the Salt-Petre soe to bee imported att above the price of Seventy pounds per Tun not exceeding Eighteen per Centum refraction upon the penalty of Fifty pounds per Tun and so for any greater or lesser quantity to bee recovered by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of their Majesties Courts att Westminster wherein noe essoign protection priveledge or wager of law shall bee allcfwed nor any more then one imparlance the one moiety thereof to bee for the use of their Majesties and the other moiety for the informer. Provided alsoe that the Salt Petre which shall bee imported by virtue of this Act shall pay to their Majesties the same duty as if the same were directly imported from the East-Indies.

And for preventing all Fraudf which may bee used in selling any Salt-Petre imported by virtue of this Act att above the rate of Seventy pounds per Tun Bee it enacted That if any person or persons shall mingle any Salt-Petre imported by virtue of this Act with any other Salt-Petre and sell the same soe mingled att above the rate of Seventy pounds per Tun or shall by way of barter or exchange take or agree to take any other

Comodity for Salt-Petre imported by virtue of this Act (whether by it selfe or mingled with other Sait Petre)

in any manner soe as to have or receive for the same more then the rate of Seventy pounds per Tun accounting the Comodity so taken in exchange att the then current price that the sale of such Salt-Petre soe mingled and

alsoe such barter or exchange shall each of them bee construed and taken to bee a sale contrary to this Act.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Act for the Exportation of Iron, Copper and Mundick Mettal.

WHEREAS by several Statutes the one made in the Eight and twentieth yeare of the Rcigne of Edward the Third and the other in the Three and thirtieth yeare of the Reigne of King Henry the Eighth and another in the Second yeare of the Reigne of Edward the Sixth late Kings of England Iron Copper and Bell Mettal are prohibited to bee exported out of this Realine under several penalties in the said Statutes respectively contained For the better encouragement of the workeing of Copper mines within their Majesties Dominions Be it therefore enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety foure it shall and may bee lawfull to and for any person or persons whatsoever Bodies Politick or Corporate to shipp and export all and all manner of Iron Copper or Mundick Mettal out of this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne

1 interlined on the Roll, and omitted in King's Printer's Copy. * any O. 3 No number is mentioned on the Roll.

5°& 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 17, 18.

of Berwicke upon Tweed [(except unto or for the use of the French King or any of his Subjects resideing within his Dominions or in to or for any Port or Place within his said Dominions dureing the present Warr between their Majesties and the French King'] paying the Duties and Customs by Law payable for the same the said recited Statutes or any other Statute Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Provided that this Act shall not extend to the exportation of any Pott-inettail Gun-mettal or Shruff-inettal or any old mettal or any mixture therewith or of any Copper or other mettal then what is made of English Ore onely.']

IL

Pot Metal, &c. excepted.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Act for enableing theire Majesties to make Grants Leases and Copies of Offices Lands and Hereditament^ Rot. Parl. pt. 4. Parcell of theire Dutchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same and for Confirmacon of Leases and Grants already nu‘ *' made

WHEREAS many of the Lands belonging to the Dutchy of Cornwall have beene granted by Lease to the Tenantf some for the terme of one two or three lives and some for divers yeares determinable upon one two or three lives and others for thirty one yeares or under which Leases are desired to be renewed by many of the said Tenantf ;• And whereas severall yeares next following after the happy restauracon of his late Majestie King Charles the Second diverse increased Rents were reserved as well upon the said Leasehold Lands as upon many Coppy-hold Estates of the said Dutchy for the improvement of that Revenue whereof the Tenantf made

complaint to his said late Majestie who was graciously pleased that they might compound for the dischargeing of

the said increased rents and be restored to the old rents formerly paid for theire respective Tennantf and Lands I. Now to the end the same may be accordingly effected and the Tenantf may be encouraged to renew theire Leases and Estates and thereby the better enabled to repaire theire Houses and provide for theire Families and to improve theire Lands holden of the said Dutchy Be it enacted by the King and Qucenes most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That all Leases and Grants made by his said late Majestie King Charles the Second or by the late King James or by theire psent Majesties since theire happy accession to the Crowne or to be made within Seaven yeares next ensueing by Letters Pattentf or Indentures under the Greate Seale of England or Seale of the Court of Exchequer or by Copy of Court Roll according to the customes of the respective Mannors of the said Dutchy or thereunto annexed of any Offices Messuages Parks Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf parcell of the said Dutchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same (other then of Honours Lordshipps or Mannors) shall be good and effectuall in Lawe according to the purport and contents of the same Copies Leases and Grants against our said Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queene theire Heires and Successors and against all

and every other person and persons that shall att any time hereafter have inheritt or enjoye the said Dutchy by

force of any Act of Parliament or by other limitacon whatsoever !• Provided alwaies that every such Lease or Grant soe made or to be made be not for more then one two or three lives or for thirty one yeares or under or for

some terme of yeares determinable upon one two or three lives and not above: And if such Leases or Grants

be made in reversion or expectancy that then the same together with the estate in possession doe not exceede three Lives or the terme of [one and thirty*] yeares and not in any wise dispunishable of Wast and soe as upon

every such Lease the ancient or most usuall rent or more or such rent as hath beene reserved yeilded or paid

for the same Lands for the greater parte of Twenty yeares next before the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty hath beene and shall be reserved due and payable to him or her that shall have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Dutchy and where noe [such4] Rent hath beene reserved or payable That then upon every such lease there shall be reserved a reasonable Rent not being under the Twentieth parte of the cleere yearely value of the Messuages Parks Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf conteined in such Lease and all Leases and Grants otherwise made or to be made shall be null and void .*•

Reasons for passing this Act.

Grants made by-King Charles Second, &. c. of any Parcel of the Dutchy of Cornwall, good.

Grants to be for 31 Years, or determinable upon Three Lives.

Not dispunishable of Waste.

Usual Rent.

If no usual Rent, then reasonable Rent to be reserved.

And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Covenantf Condicons Reservacons and other Agreementf conteined in every Lease Grant or Copye of Court-Roll made or to be made as aforesaid shall be good and effectuall in Lawe according to the words and contents of the same as well for and against them to whome the reversion of the same Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf shall come as for and against them to whome the interest of the said Leases Grants or Copies shall come respectively as if our Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queenes Majesties att the time of makeing such Covenantf Condicons and Reservacons and other Agreementf were seized of an absolute Estate in Fee Simple in the same Lands Tenementf or Hereditam'^.

II.

Covenants, &c. to bind Reversioners.

Saveing alwaies to all and every person and persons Bodies Politicke and Corporate theire Heires and Successors IIL

Executors Administrators and Assignes (other then to our said Soveraigne Lord and Lady the King and Queene R^ghts^except ^ and theire Heires and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the time being and his and theire Heires and all and K‘ng» &c* every person and persons that shall hereafter have inheritt or enjoy the said Dukedome of Cornwall by force of any Act of Parliament or other limitacon whatsoever) all such Rights Titles Estates Customes Interests Tenures

48(2

A.D. 1694.

IV.

Tenants

compounding for the increased Rent and paying according to Composition, old Rent only to stand.

V.

Fees for Grants of small Value.

Officers offending

Penalty to the Party.

Further Penalty, JStO.

Rot. Parl. pi. 4.

nu. 2-

Reciting 13 & 14 Car. II. c. 3. § 7.

5°&6° Gul. & Mar. c. 18, 19.

Claimes and Demands whatsoever of what nature kinde or qualitye soever of in to or out of the said Offices Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf or any of them as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the makeing of this Act to all intentf and purposes and in as large and ample manner and forme as if this Act had never beene had or made, this Act or any thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that in case any of the Lease-hold or Copye-hold Tennantf of the said Dutchy shall att any time within Seaven yeares next ensueing compound or agree with the Lord High Treasurer of England or Comissioners % of the Treasury for the time being or 'Chancellor and Under treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being or with any other person or persons that the Lord High Treasurer or [the1] Comissioners of the Treasury for the time [being1] or Chancellor of the Exchequer shall authorize nominate and appointe for the takeing off and dischargeing of any increased Rent reserved as aforesaid according to such rules and direccbns as in that behalfe shall be given in Writeing under the Hands of the said Lord Treasurer Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being; Then upon such Composicon soe made and the money thereby ariseing duely paid to the Receiver Generali of the said Dutchy according to the tenor and contents of such Composicon and Agreement and accordingly inrolled before the Auditor of the pVnisses from thenceforth such increase Rent shall cease and become void and the old Rent only or such other Rent as in pursuance of this Act shall be directed in or by such Composicon or Agreement shall be charged on all and every such Tenementf Lands and other Hereditamentf for which such ComposicOn Agreement Payment and Inrollment shall be soe made and none other any reservacon condicon or other matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas within the County of Cornwall there are sevcrall Tenementf belonging to the said Dutchy of small value soe that the charge of passeing Letters Patentf under the Create Seale or Leases under the Seale of the Exchequer and Grants by Copie of Court Roll may discourage the Tenantf from renewing soe often as otherwise they would doe Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the wholl Fees reward and charges to be paid received or taken for the prepareing writeing draweing obtaineing makeing passeing or perfeding of any such Lease or Grant and for the petiefin answere reference reporte particular Certificate Contract Warrant Inrollment and Entry thereof and for every other matter and thing relateing thereunto or touching or concerneing the obtaineing passeing and perfeding any Lease or Grant of such small Tenementf in the said County of Cornwall (where the Fine or Value of such Lease or Grant to be made or renewed shall not exceede the sume of Eighty pounds) shall not exceede the sume of Tenne pounds for ever)' Lease and Fower pounds for every Copie (over and besides the said Fine or Value) the said respective sumes not exceedeing Tenne pounds and Four pounds to be paid distributed and divided unto and amongst the severall and respective Officers and Clerkf of the Exchequer and Stewardf of the Honours and Mannors of the said Dutchy concerned and employed in the prepareing passeing and perfeding of such Lease or Grant respectively in such proporcon as the Fees of Leases or Grants within the said Dutchy formerly and hitherto were and are received And if any of the said Officers Clerkf and Stcwardf shall demand take and receive any greater or other fee or reward or shall doe or attempte or cause to be done or attempted any thing contrary hereunto such Officer Clerke and Steward shall forfeite and lose for every such Offence to the Party greived in that behalfe soe much money as any such Officer Clerke or Steward shall demand receive and take contrary to this Act; and alsoe shall lose and forfeite the sume of Twenty pounds whereof the one moietic shall be to theire Majesties and the other moietie to the party greived in that behalfe to be recovered by Accbn of Debte or Informacon in any of the Courts att Westminster in which noe Priviledgc Essoigne Imparlance or Proteccbn shall be admitted or allowed

CHAPTER XIX.

An Act for raiseing the Militia of this Kingdome for the yeare One thousand six hundred ninety four although

the Moneths Pay formerly advanced be not repayed:

X'TTJ WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth yeares of the Raigne of His \ 1 late Majestic King Charles the Second entituled An Act for ordering the Forces in the severall Counties of this Kingdome It was (amongst other things) enacted That in case of Invasions Insurreccftns or Rebellions whereby Occasion should be to drawc out the Soldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the said Act into aduall Service the persons charged by the said Act with Horses Horsemen and Armes or with Foote Soldiers and Armes should provide each theire Soldier respectively with pay in hand not exceedeing One Months Pay as should be in that behalfe directed by the respective Lieutennantf of the severall Counties and in theire absence or otherwise by theire direccon by theire Deputies or any Two or more of them for repayment of which said moneys and for satisfaction of the Officers for theire Pay dureing such time not exceedeing One moneth as aforesaid as they should be with theire Soldiers in such aduall Service itt was thereby declared That Provision should be made for the same by his said Majestie his Heires and Successors out of his or theire publicke Treasury or Revenue ;• Neverthelesse itt was thereby further provided and enacted That in case a Moneths Pay should be provided and advanced as aforesaid that noe person who should have advanced his proporcon thereof should be charged with any other like moneths Payment untill he or they should have beene reimbursed the said months Pay and soe from time to time the said months Pay by him or

» O. omits.

interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1694.

5° & 6° GuL.

483

& Mar. c. 19, 20.

them last before provided and advanced as aforesaid *• And whereas upon the Invasion of the Coastf of this Kingdome by the trench it was found necessary for the publicke Defence and Safety to drawe out the said Soldiers into actuall Service and to charge the said persons to provide each theire Soldier respectively with Pay in Hand although the months pay by severall of them before that time provided and advanced was not nor could be reimbursed :• And whereas the like occasion may possibly happen dureing the pWit Warr Be it therefore enacted by the King and Queenes most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same. That if att any time before the Five and twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and five it shall be found by theire Majesties to be necessary for the Defence and Safety of this Kingdome to drawe

out the said Soldiers into actuall Service and the same shall be declared or signified to the respective Lieuetennantf

or Deputy Lieutennants and Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports Two antient Townes and theire Members or in his absence his Lieutenant or Lieutennantf by theire Majesties it shall be lawfull for the said Lievtennantf or theire Deputies or any Two or more of them as aforesaid and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports Two antient Townes and theire Members or in his absence his Leiutenant or Lieutenantf in pursuance of such Orders from theire Majesties notwithstanding that one or more months Pay before that time advanced be not reimbursed to raise and drawre out the said Soldiers into actuall Service and to cause the persons charged as aforesaid to

provide each theire Soldier with Pay in Hand not exceedeing One months Pay in such manner as if all the Pay

before that time advanced and provided had beene fully reimbursed and paid .*•

CHAPTER XX.

An Act for granting to theire Majesties severall Rates and Duties upon Tunnage of Shipps and Vessells and upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds toward f the carrying on the Warr against France

WEE your Majesties most dutifull and loyall Subjects the Comons assembled in Parliament for the further Supply of your Majesties extraordinary Occasions for and towards the necessary Defence of your Realmes doe humbly psent your Majesties with the further Gift of the Impositions Rates and Duties herein after mentioned And doe beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King and Queenes most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same that for and dureing the terme of Four yeares comenceing from the First day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and four there shall be throughout the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised levied collected and paid unto and for the use of theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors for and upon the Tunnage of all Shipps and Vessellf wherein att any time or times and for every time dureing the said terme of Four yeares there shall be imported any Goods or Merchandizes into this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede from any the Parts Places or Countryes hereafter menconed or wherein dureing the said terme there shall be carryed coastwise from any Port Member or Creeke in the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Benvicke upon Tweede unto any [other,w] Port Creeke or Member within the same Kingdome Dominion Port or Towne the severall and respective Rates Impositions Dutyes and sumes of money herein after mentioned (that is to say).

For every Tun of the Burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes from the East Indies or any parts southward or eastward of Cabo bona Speranza the sume of Thirty shillingf *• For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes

from any Ports or Places in Italy or Turkey the sume of Fifteene shillingf

For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes from any Ports or Places in Portugall or Spaine the sume of Ten shillings

For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes

from any the Plantations Lands or Places in the West Indies the sume of Ten shillingf*.*

For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes

from Holland or any the United Provinces or from the Netherlandf or Flanders the sume of Three shillingf *• For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes from Norway Hamborough or the Balticke Sea or from any the Eastland Countries or from any other Ports or Places North of Holland the sume of Five shillingf.

For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes from Ireland or Scotland the sume of Two shillingf

For every 'Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes from any Port or Place in the Mediterranean Sea (not otherwise charged in this Act) the sume of Fifteene shillingf I*

Reciting that upon the Invasion by the French, it was necessary to draw out the Soldiers, &c. with Pav in Hand;

And that the like Occasion may happen during the present War.

If found necessary before 25th March, 1695, Lieutenants, SiC. may draw' out Soldiers with Pay in Hand, although Pay before advanced be not reimbursed.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. nu. 3.

Tonnage upon Ships given for Four Years.

Several Rates. East Indies, &c.

Italy, Turkey. Portugal, Spain.

West Indies.

Holland, &c.

Norway, &c.

Ireland, Scotland.

Mediterranean.

' interlined on the Roll.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

AD.lb'M.

Guinea, Africa.

Hudsons Bay. Canaries.

Greenland, See.

Coaster*.

II.

Tunnage paid upon Arrival at a Port.

Master, See. of Ship importing or of Coaster, upon Arrival to pay the Tax or give Security.

Allowance on present Pay.

Landing, &c. before Duty paid, &c.

Ship forfeited, and Master, &c. liable to pay the Duties.

III.

Tax upon Importer to be borne, Two Thirds by the Merchant and One Third by the Owner.

Owners of Coasters to pay the whole.

For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes from the parts or coastf of Guinea or Africa without the Streightf the sume of Twenty shillingf

For every Tun of the burthen or contents* of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes from Hudsons Bay or any place within the limittf of that Companies Charter the sume of Twenty [shilling•]

For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes from the Canaries Madera's or any the Westerne lslandf the sume of Ten shillingf

For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell importing Goods Wares or Merchandizes from any Ports or Places in Greenland Muscovia or Russia the sume of Ten shillingf

For every Tun of the burthen or contents of any Shipp or Vessell used or imployed in the Coasting Trade from Port to Port in England Wales or Berwicke upon Tweede the sume of Six pence

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said severall rates dutyes and sumes of money herein before mentioned and hereby imposed upon the Tunnage of Shipps or Vessellf shall be accounted taken and paid according to the measure of such Shipps or Vessellf which shall be made and taken by theire Majesties Officers in the respective Ports or Places where they shall arrive and that the Master or Owners or Freighters of all such Shipps or Vessellf importing Goods inwardf or carrying Goods Coastwise as aforesaid shall upon every arrivall of any such Shipps or Vessellf att the Port or Place of theire discharge or unladeing in England or Wales or att the (')Port of Berwicke upon Tweede cause and procure such Shipps or Vessellf to be entered in the Customehouse of or belonging to such Port or Place and att the time of such entry and before any Goods or Merchandizes shall be unladen out of any such Shipps or Vessellf shall either pay downe in ready money to theire Majesties Officers of the Customes in such Port or Place for the use of theire Majesties the said duties and sumes of money due and payable for the Tunnage of all such Shipps or Vessellf or else shall give good and sufficient securitye by Bond to theire Majesties with sureties to be approved by the said Officers of the Customes to pay the said duties and sumes to theire Majesties use within the space of one month next after the cleareing of the Shipp; And where the duties shall be paid downe the Parties paying the same shall have an allowance by way of rebate or deduccbn out of the same after the rate of Ten pounds per Centum per Annft for every hundred pounds which such duties soe paid downe shall amount unto And in case any Goods Wares or Merchandizes imported or carryed coast-wise as aforesaid shall be unshipped to be laid on land before the duties or sumes of money before mentioned due or payable for the Tunnage of such Shipps or Vessellf importing or carrying Goods coastwise as aforesaid shall be paid downe or secured as aforesaid That then every such Shipp or Vessell out of which any such Goods or Merchandizes shall be unladen before payment made or security given for the said duties together with the Gunns Tackle Ammunition and Apparell of the same shall be forfeited and lost one moiety of which forfeitures shall be to theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall seize sue or informe for the same to be recovered in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster by accon of debt bill plaint or informacon wherein noe essoigne protection or wager of Lawe shall be allowed. And over and besides the said forfeitures the Master Owners and Freighters of every such Shipp shall be lyable and chargeable to theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors for the said Duties of Tunnage which shall not be paid or secured as aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the authoritye aforesaid That the aforesaid respective Dutyes upon the Tunnage of Shipps or Vessellf importing Goods or Merchandizes from parts beyond the Seas or from Scotland shall be paid and born by the Merchant-Freighters and by the Master and Owners of such Shipps or Vessellf by way of average amongst themselves (that is to say) two third parts thereof shall be born by the Merchantf and Freighters of such Shipps or Vessellf in proportion according to theire respective Shares or Interests of or in the Freight and the other third parte to be born by the Masters or Owners of such Shipps or Vessellf who are hereby required and enjoyned to beare and pay the same accordingly And the said Duty of Tunnage of Shipps or Vessellf used in or imployed in the Coasting Trade from Port to Port as aforesaid shall be paid and born by the Master or Owners of such Shipps or Vessellf '•

IV.

Ships from Greenland only-chargeable for Goods really imported.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Shipps belonging to the Company of Merchantf of London tradeing to Greenland importing Oyle Blubber Whale Fins or any other Merchandize from thence shall pay ten shillingf per Tun only for such Oyle Blubber Whale Fins and other Merchandize as shall be really and bona fide brought home in any of the said [Compaines*] Shipps and not be obliged to pay according to the measure of the shipping Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

V.

The like as to Ships from Newfoundland.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Shipps tradeing to Newfoundland importing Trame Oyle or any other Merchandize from thence shall pay Ten shillingf per Tun only for such Traine Oyle or other Merchandize as shall be really and bona fide brought home and not be obliged to pay according to the measure of the shipping. Any thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

VI. Provided alwaies and be it further enacted That if a Peace shall be made and declared betweene their Majesties

Shi^from^France, ^ l*ie French King att any time dureing the continuance of the Duty charged by this Act upon the Tunnage bow charged. of Shipps and Vessellf then and in such case all Shipps and Vessellf importing any Goods or Merchandize from any of the French Kings Territories in Europe without the Streightf shall pay the like Duty of Tunnage as any Shipps or Vessellf importing Goods from Portugall are charged with by this Act over and above all other Dutyes payable for such Shipps and Vessellf

1 Shillings 0.

* Town or O.

1 Companies 0.

485

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

a ess. 2.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That this Act nor any thing therein conteined . VII.

shall not extend to charge or lay any Duty upon any Barge employed in carrying Sand Lime or Slate stone sand, &c. fron/' from Port to Port within the Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales for or in respect of any such ladeing Port to Port-only; Any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And be it further enacted and declared That all Shipps and Vessellf importing Goods and Merchandize from ^ VIII. Foreign parts as well as all Coasting Vessellf liable to the payment of the Dutyes of Tunnage by this Act imposed measured, shall be gauged and measured according to the rule printed with the Booke of Rates published in the yeare One thousand six hundred seaventy one (that is to say) every single deck'd Shipp or Vessell shall be measured by the length of the Keele taken within board (soe much as she treadf upon the Ground) and the breadth to be taken within board by the Midshipp Beaine from Planke to Planke and the depth of the Hold from the Plankc belowe the Kelsey to the under parte of the Decke Planke ; And for a Two-Deckt Shipp (which carryes Goods betweene Deckf) the depth of her Hold to be taken from the Plank belowe the Kelsey to the under parte of the Upper Deck Plank and the length and breadth as before then multiply the length by the breadth and the WHat the true

Product thereof by the depth and divide the wholl by Ninety four and the Quotient will give the true contents Tonnage,

of the Tunnage according to which method and rule all Shipps and Vessellf shall be measured and the severall Duties of Tonnage thereby be computed and collected accordingly any Custome Practice or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Second yeare of theire Majesties Raigne entituled An Act IX.

for granting to theire Majesties severall additionall duties upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for Four yeares from Se

the time that an Act for doubling the duty of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors dureing the space of c. io.

One yeare doth expire it was enacted That from and after the Seaventeenth day of November in the yeare of

our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and one there should be throughout theire Majesties Kingdome of

England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised levied collected and paid unto theire

Majesties theire Heires and Successors dureing the space and terme of Four yeares and noe longer for Beetc Ale

Cyder and other Liquors therein mentioned by way of Excise over and above all other Dutyes Charges and

Imposicbns by any former Act or Aftf which should be then unexpired set and imposed in such manner as

therein is mentioned which Rates and Duties aforesaid by Act of Parliament made in the Third and Fourth yeares 3&4W. & M.

of theire now Majesties Raigne are continued untill the seaventeenth day of May One thousand six hundred and

ninety seaven !• Be it further enacted That for the further encouragement of such persons who shall voluntarily

contribute towards the raiseing and paying into theire Majesties Exchequer any sume or sumes not exceedeing in

the whole the sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds upon the severall termes and recompenses herein after

menconed that from and after the seaventeenth day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand

six hundred ninety and seaven there shall be throughout theire Majesties Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales

and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised levyed collected and paid unto theire Majesties theire Heires and Excise Duty upon

Successors for Beere Ale Cyder and other Liquors herein after expressed by way of Excise over and above all ^rf

Dutyes Charges and Imposicons by any former Act or Aftf then unexpired sett and imposed one moiety or

halfe parte of the severall Rates and Duties of Excise granted by the said last mentioned Act in manner and

forme followeing (that is to say) \

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale above Six shillingf the Barrell exclusive of the Duty of Excise brew'ed by jjeer> &c# above the Comon Brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tapp out Beere or Ale publickly »9*-

or privately to be paid by the Chmon Brevrer or by such other person or persons respectively and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Dutyes payable for the same Nine pence I*

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale of Six shillingf the Barrell or under brewed by the Chmon Brewer or any Beer, &c. 6s. or

other person or persons who shall sell or tapp out Beere or Ale publickly or privately to be paid by the Chmon umlcr» 3^*

Brewer or such other person or persons respectively as aforesaid and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity over and above the Dutyes payable for the same Three pence

For every Barrell of Vinegar or Vinegar Beere brewed or made of any English Materialls by any Chmon Brewer Vinegar 1$. 6d. or any other person for sale to be paid by the Maker thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity Eng,lsh* over and above the Dutyes of Excise payable for the same One shilling six pence

For every Barrell of Vinegar or Liquor prepared for Vinegar made here for sale that hath run through Rape Vinegar, Foreign, or made with or passeing through any Foreign materiallf or any mixture with Foreign matcriallf to be paid by 49‘ the maker thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity Four shillingf I*

For every Barrell of Beere Ale or Mum imported from beyond the Seas or from the Islands of Guernsey or Beer, Mum,&c.

Jersey and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importers before landing over and '"'P01'1^' 3s

above the Dutyes payable for the same Three shillingf

For every Tun of Cyder or Perry imported from beyond the Seas and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importers before landing over and above the Dutyes payable for the same Four Ton,

Pounds

For every Gallon of Single Brandy Spirittf or Aqua-Vite imported from beyond the Seas to be paid by the ^Gaston®

[ Importers1 ] before landing over and above the Dutyes payable for the same Six pence I*

For every Gallon of Brandy Spirittf or Aqua-Vite above proofe comonly called Double Brandy imported from Brandy Double, is. beyond the Seas to be paid by the Importer before landing over and above the Dutyes payable for the same One shilling

1 Importer 0.

6 H

A.D. 1694.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c.20.

Cyder retailed, per Hogshead, is. 3d.

Mead, See. per Gallon, 3d.

X.

How to be levied.

as by 12 Car. II. c.24.

c.23.

15 Car. II. c. II.

XL

Commissioners of Excise and Customs to keep these Duties apart.

and to pay the Money into the Exchequer weekly.

XII.

A weekly Account kept in the Exchequer.

XIII.

Commissioner neglecting or misapplying Monies.

Loss of Office.

Incapacity.

Penalty.

xiv.

Their Majesties may order Salaries, &c. out of the Duties.

XV. Excise Office and Comptroller continued in London.

For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by retaile upon every Hogshead to be paid by the Retailer thereof over and above the Dutyes payable for the same (and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser measure One shilling Three pence

For all Metheglin or Meade made for sale whether by retaile or otherwise to be paid by the Maker for every Gallon Three pence

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said severall Rates Dutyes and Impositions upon Beere Ale Cyder and other Liquors aforesaid be levyed collected and paid unto theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors in the same manner and forme and by such rules waves and meanes and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned in the Act made in the Twelveth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveryes and Tenures in Capite and by Knightf service and purveyance and for settleing a Revenue upon his Majestie in lieu thereof and alsoe in and by another Act made in the Twelfth yeare of the Raigne of the said [late1] King Charles the Second entituled A Grant of certaine Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for the increase of his Majesties Revenue dureing his Life and alsoe in and by another Act made in the Fifteenth yeare of the Raigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled An addiconall Act for the better ordering and collecting of the Duty of Excise and [Eventing the Abuses therein. Or by any other Lawe in force relateing to the said Revenue of Excise and that the aforesaid Acts and every Article Rule and Clause therein menebned as for and concerneing only the Rates Duties and Imposicons upon Beere Ale and other Liquors by this Act granted shall be of full Force and Effede to all Intentf and Purposes in like manner as if the same were att large and particularly redted and sett downe in the body of this Act!*

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Comissioners and Governors for management and receipt of the Excise and the Comissioners and other Officers of the Customes respectively att the Head Office in London for the time being shall seperate and keepe aparte all and every the moneys ariseing by the severall Rates and Duties by this (2) granted as the same shall from time to time arise or be paid into the said Office of Excise or unto the Receiver Generali of the Customes for the time being respectively by the Receivers or Collectors of the same or by any other person whatsoever and the Comptroller of the Excise and the Comptroller of the Customes for the time being or theire respective Deputies shall keepe a perfect and distinct account in Book(' fairely written of all the Rates and Duties ariseing by this Act to which all persons shall have free accesse att all seasonable times without Fee or Charge and the said Comissioners and Governors of Excise and the said Comissioners of the Customes for the time being are hereby required and stricktly enjoyned from time to time to pay weekely (videlicet) on Wednesday in every weeke if it be not a Holy day and if it be then the next day after that is not a Holyday all and every the moneys ariseing by the Rates and Duties hereby granted into the

Receipte of theire Majesties Exchequer distinct and aparte from the other moneys which the said Comissioners and

Governors respectively shall receive for the use of theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kepte in theire Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt one Booke in which all the said weekely moneys which shall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be entered aparte and distinct from all other moneyes paid and payable to theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors upon any account whatsoever

And be it further enacted That if the said Comissioners and Governors respectively for the time being shall refuse or neglect to pay into the Exchequer all or any the said weekely sumes appointed to be paid as aforesaid in such manner as they are before by this Act required to doe or shall divert or misapply any parte of the same or if such Comptroller shall neglect his duty in keepeing such Accomptf as aforesaid then he or they for any such Offence shall forfeite theire respective Offices or Places and be incapable of any Office or Place of Trust

whatsoever and such Comissioner or Comissioners in such case offending shall be liable to pay the full value of

any sume or sumes soe diverted or misapplyed to any person or persons who will sue for the same by any Accon of Debte Bill Plaint or lnformacbn in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoign Proteccon Wager of Lawe Priviledge of Parliament or other Priviledge or more then one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors out of the said Dutyes ariseing by the Tunnage of Shipps and Vessellf to cause such 'sume and sumes of money to be expended and paid from time to time for Sallaries or other incident Charges as shall be necessary in and for the receiveing collecting levying or manageing of the same Duties upon the Tunnage of Shipps and Vessellf dureing the said terme herein by this Act granted Any thing in this Act conteined to the contrary notwithstanding I*

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Head Office of Excise which is now established within the City of London shall be continued and be within the said City or Ten Miles thereof for ever and a sufficient number of Comissioners therein from time to time shall be continued or appointed by theire Majesties

1 interlined on the Roll.

- Ad O.

487

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c.20.

their Iieires and Successors to governe and manage the Receipte of Excise and to performc and execute the severall matters and things hereby enjoyned to be done and executed by such Comissioners and that in like manner there shall be continued and be within the said City or Ten Miles thereof for ever by the appointement of theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors a Comptroller of Excise to keepe the Accomptf before mentioned I*

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That yearely and every yeare reckoning the first yeare to begin from the first day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and four the full siime of One hundred and forty thousand pounds by or out of the moneyes to arise by the said severall Dutyes upon the Tunnage of Shipps and Vessellf and by the said Rates and Dutyes of Excise hereby granted or any of them and to be brought into the Receipte of the Exchequer by weekely paymentf as aforesaid (in case the said weekely paymentf shall extend thereunto) shall be the whole and entire yearely Fund and in case the said weekely paymentf shall not amount to One hundred and forty thousand pounds per Annu then the said weekely moneyes or paymentf soe farr as the same will extend shall be parte of the yearely Fond for and towards the answering and paying of the severall and respective Annuities herein after menconed and for other the purposes hereafter in this Act expressed and in case the said Dutyes upon the Tunnage of Shipps and Vessellf and the said Rates and Dutyes of Excise by this AS. granted or any of them shall att any time or times appeare to be soe [lowe or deficient'] in the produce of the same as that within one yeare to be reckoned as aforesaid the weekely paymentf upon the same Rates or Dutyes or any of them shall not amount to soe much as One hundred anti forty thousand pounds or to soe much as shall be sufficient to discharge and satisfie the said severall and respective Amiuityes and other Benefittf or Advantages by this Act appointed or intended to be paid within or for the same yeare respectively that then and soe often and in every such case the Comissioners of theire Majesties Treasury and the Under Treasurer of the Exchequer [now being & the Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer2] or Comissioners of [the1] Treasury for the time being are hereby straitly enjoyned and required by virtue of this Act and without any further or other Warrant to be sued for had or obteined from theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors in this behalfe to cause every such deficiency to be made good by applying issueing or paying soe much of any Treasure or Revenue belonging or to belong to theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors (not being appropriated to any particular use or uses by any Ad or Adf of Parliament) towards the dischargeing or paying off the said Annuities or other Benefittf or Advantages appointed to be paid by this Act as together with the moneyes which shall have beene brought into the said Receipte of or for the said severall Rates or Duties hereby granted shall be sufficient to pay off and discharge (5) all the moneyes which within the same yeare respectively shall be growen due or ought to be paid upon the said Annuities or other Benefittf or Advantages according to the true intent and meaneing of this present Act I*

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the better raiseing and paying into the Receipte of the Exchequer the sume of Twelve hundred thousand pounds parte of the sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds the yearely sume of One hundred and forty thousand pounds ariseing by and out of the Duties and Impositions granted by this Act shall be kepte separate and aparte in the said Receipte of Exchequer to be paid over from time to time unto such person and persons and in such manner proportion and forme as is herein after directed

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for theire Majesties by comission under the Create Seale of England to authorize and appointe any number of persons to take and receive all such voluntary subscriptions as shall be made on or before the first day of August which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety four by any person or persons Native^ or Foreigners Bodies Politicke or Corporate for and towards the raiseing and paying into the Receipte of Exchequer the said sume of Twelve hundred thousand pounds parte of the sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds and that the yearely sume of One hundred thousand pounds parte of the said yearely sume of One hundred and forty thousand pounds ariseing by and out of the said Duties and Impositions before menconed shall be applyed issued and

directed and is hereby appropriated to the use and advantage of such person and persons Bodies Politicke and

Corporate as shall make such voluntary subscriptions and paymentf theire Heires Successors [and4] Assignes in the

proporcon hereafter menconed (that is to say) that each weekely or other payment ariseing by and out of the

Duties and Impositions granted by this Act shall by the Auditor of the Receipte of Exchequer from time to time as the same shall be paid in be seperated and divided into Five seaventh parts and Two seventh parts which is according to the proporcon of the said yearely sume of One hundred thousand pounds to the said yearely sume of One hundred and forty thousand pounds which Five seventh parts of the said severall paymentf ariseing by and out of the Duties and Impositions granted by this Act and soe sett apart is and are hereby intended

and appropriated for and towards the payment and satisfaction of the said yearely sume of One hundred

thousand pounds and shall from time to time be issued and paid as the same shall come into the said

Receipte of Exchequer to the uses and advantages of such Subscribers and Contributors theire Heires Successors or Assignes as shall subscribe and contribute for and towards the raiseing and paying into the (*) Receipte of Exchequer the sume of Twelve hundred thousand pounds parte of the said sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds I-

XVI.

,<£140,000 to be a yearly Fund.

The rest of the Revenue charged if Duties fall short.

Treasury to cause Deficiency to be made good.

XVII.

The eg 140,000 to be kept apart in the Exchequer.

XVIII.

Their Majesties may make Commissioners to take Subscriptions for s@ 1,200,000.

Yearly Sum of £, 100,000 annually appropriated to the Subscribers.

A uditor of the Exchequer to set apart Five Seventh Parts of the Weekly Payments for the Subscribers.

' deficient or lowe O. * or O.

3 interlined on the Roll.

* said O.

s and shall compleatly pay off and discharge 0,

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c.20.

A.D. 1694.

XIX.

Their Majesties may appoint Rules for transferring;

and may make the Subscribers a Corporation,

subject to Redemption.

XX.

Proportionable Part of the Fund upon I'art of the Sum advanced.

The 100,000 annual redeemable after 1705, upon a Year's Notice, and Corporation to cease.

XXI. Officers of the Exchequer required to pay as before,

without Fee.

XXII. None shall subscribe more than .1^20,000.

One Fourth Part to be paid at the Time of the Subscription.

Residue not paid b'.fore January, the One Fourth Part forfeited.

XXIII.

No Person before 1st July next to subscribe more than 10,000.

And be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for their c Majesties by Letters Patent? under the Greate Seale of England to limitt directe and appointe how and in what manner and proporebns and under what rules and direccbns the said sume of Twelve hundred thousand pound? parte of the said sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pound? and the said yearely sume of One hundred thousand pound? parte of the said yearely sume of One hundred and forty thousand pound? and every or any parte or proporcbn thereof may be assigneable or transferrable assigned or transferred to such person or persons only as shall freely and voluntarily accepte of the same and not otherwise and to incorporate all and every such Subscribers and Contributors theire Heires Successors or Assignes to be one Body Corporate and Politick by the name of The Governor and Company of the Banke of England and by the same name of The Governor and Company of the Banke of England to have perpetuall succession and a Comon Seale and that they and theire Successors by the name aforesaid shall be able and capable in Lawe to have purchase receive possesse enjoye and retaine to them and theire Successors Land? Rent? Tenement? and Hereditament? of what kinde nature or quality soever And alsoe to sell grant demise alien or dispose of the same And by the same name to sue and implead and be sued and impleaded answere and be answered in Court? of Record or any other place whatsoever and to doe and execute all and singuler other matters and thing? by the name aforesaid that to them shall or may appertaine to doe subjecte neverthelesse to the proviso and condicbn of Redempcbn herein after menconed

Provided alwaies and it is hereby further enacted That in case the whole sume of Twelve hundred thousand pound? parte of the said sume of Fifteen hundred thousand pound? shall not be advanced and paid into the Receipte of Exchequer before the First day of January which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety four That then the Subscribers and Contributors for and toward? the raiseing and paying of the said sume of Twelve hundred thousand pound? parte of the said sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pound? theire Heires Successors and Assignes shall only have and receive soe much and such parte and proporcbn to the said sume and sumes soe respectively paid and advanced as shall be after the rate of Eight pound? per Centum per Annii And that att any time upon Twelve months notice after the First day of August which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and five upon repayment by Parliament of the said sume of Twelve hundred thousand pound? parte of the said sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pound? or such parte thereof as shall be paid and advanced as aforesaid unto the respective Subscribers and Contributors of the said sume of Twelve hundred thousand pound? parte of the said sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pound? or such parte thereof as shall be paid and advanced theire Heires Successors [and' ] Assignes and of all the arreares of the said yearely payment? of One hundred thousand pound? parte of the said yearely payments of One hundred and forty thousand pound? or such proporcbnable parte thereof according to the sume which shall be paid and advanced as aforesaid then and from thenceforward the said yearely payment? and every of them of One hundred thousand pound? parte of the said yearely payment? of One hundred and forty thousand pound? or such proporcbnable parte as aforesaid and every parte thereof and the said Corporacbn shall absolutely cease and determine, any thing herein conteined in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding

And for the better and more speedy payment of the said yearely sume of One hundred thousand pound? parte of the said yearely sume of One hundred and forty thousand pound? in the proporebns herein before menebned and appointed the Chmissioners of theire Majesties Treasury and the Under-Treasurer of the Exchequer now being and the Lord High Treasurer and Under-Treasurer or Chmissioners of the Treasury for the time being are hereby strictly enjoyned and required by virtue of this Act and without any further or other Warrant to be sued for

had or obreined from theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors to direct theire Warrant? yearely for the payment

of the said yearely sumes of One hundred thousand pound? to the Contributors of the said sume of Twelve hundred thousand pound? in the manner and proporebns as is herein before directed and appointed; and the Auditor of the Receipte of Exchequer and all other Officers of the Exchequer now and for the time being are hereby directed and enjoyned to issue the said moneyes soe sett aparte for the uses before menebned from time to time without

any fee or reward in the manner and proporebns before menebned and under the like penalties forfeitures and

disabilities as are hereafter inflicted upon any Officer for diverting any money appropriated or applyed by this Act

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe person or persons Bodyes Politicke or Corporate shall by themselves or any other person or persons in trust for him or them subscribe or cause to be subscribed for and toward? the raiseing and paying the said sutne of Twelve hundred thousand pound? any suine or sumes of money exceedeing the sume of Twenty thousand pound? and that every such Subscriber shall att the time of such subscripcbn pay or cause to *be paid unto the Chmissioners who shall be authorized and appointed for takeing and receiveing subscripebns as aforesaid one full forth parte of his or theire respective subscripebns and in defaulte of such payment? as aforesaid every such subscripcbn shall be utterly void and null And that the residue of the said subscripebns shall be paid into the Receipte of theire Majesties Exchequer as theire Majesties shall directe before the said First day of January next And in defaulte of such payment? that then the fourth parte first paid as aforesaid shall be forfeited to and for the benefitt of theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors

[Provided alsoe and be it enacted That it shall not be lawfull to or for any person or persons Natives or Foreigners Bodyes Corporate or Politicke att any time or times before the First day of July next ensueing to subscribe in his her or theire owne name or names or in any other name or names in trust for him her or

• or O.

A.D. 1694.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

489

them for and towards the raiseing and paying into the Receipte of the Exchequer the said sume of Twelve hundred thousand pounds parte of the said sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds any sume or sumes exceedeing in the whole the sume of Tenne thousand pounds; any thing in this Act conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding > ' ]

Provided alwaies and be it declared and enabled to be the true intent and meaneing of this Act that in case the whole sume of Twelve hundred thousand pounds or a moiety thereof be not subscribed on or before the First day of August One thousand six hundred ninety four as aforesaid that then the powers and authorities in this Act for erecting a Corporacbn as aforesaid shall cease and determine any thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding. And in such case soe much of the said yearely sume of One hundred thousand pounds as shall belong to the said Subscribers according to the meaneing of this Act shall be transferable and may be from time to time transferred by the respective persons soe subscribing advanceing and paying any parte of the said Twelve hundred thousand pounds into the Exchequer or theire respective Heires Successors or Assignes to any person or persons whatsoever by any writeing or writeingf under the hand and seale of the person or persons transferring the same attested by two or more credible Witnesses and entered within Twenty dayes after the sealeing thereof in a Booke or Bookes to be for that purpose kepte in the said Exchequer by theire Majesties Remembrancer for the time being (for the entering whereof nothing shall be paid) which entries the said Remembrancer is from time to time upon request directed to make; and such parte of the said yearely sume of One hundred thousand pounds as shall by this Act be due to the said Subscribers shall not att any time or times hereafter be made use, of or be a fond or security for or lyable or applyed to raise pay or secure any more further or other sume or sumes of money whatsoever save only such money as shall in pursuance of and according to the intent of this Act be advanced and paid into their Majesties Exchequer within the time by this Act limited for the same*.*

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Corporacbn soe to be made shall

not borrowe or give security by Bill Bond Covenant or Agreement under theire Chmon Seale for any more

further or other sume or sumes of money exceedeing in the whole the sume of Twelve hundred thousand pounds .soe that they shall not owe at any one time more then the said sume unlesse it be by Act of Parliament upon Fondf agreed in Parliament; and in such case only such further sumes as shall be soe directed and allowed to be borrowed by Parliament and for such time only untill they shall be repaid such further sumes as they shall borrowe by such authority and if any more or further or other sume or sumes of money shall be borrowed taken up lent or advanced under theire Comon Seale or for payment of which any Bond Bill Covenant or Agreement or other Writeing shall be made sealed or given under the Chmon Seale of the said Corporacbn soe to be made then and in such case all and every person and persons who shall be a member or members of the said Corporacbn his and theire respective Heires Executors and Administrators shall in his and theire respective private and personall capacities be chargeable with and lyable in proporcbn to theire severall Shares or Subscripcbns to the repayment of such moneyes which shall be soe borrowed taken up or lent with Interest for the same in such manner as if such Security had beene a security for payment of soe much money and Interest for the same sealed by such respective member or members of the said Corporacbn and delivered by him or them as theire respective Adf and Deedes in proporcbn to theire severall Shares or Subscripcbns as aforesaid and that in every

such case an Action of Debt shall and may be brought comenced prosecuted and mainetained in any of theire

Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster by the respective Creditor or Creditors to whom any such Security under the Chmon Seale of the said Corporacbn shall be [made1] or his or theire respective Executors or Administrators against all and every or any one or more of the persons who shall be members of the said Corporacbn or any of theire respective Heires Executors or Administrators in proporcbn to theire respective Shares or Subscripcbns as aforesaid and therein recover and have judgment for him or them in such and the like maimer as if such security were respectively sealed by the respective person or persons who shall be soe sued or his or theire respective Ancestor or Testator or Intestate and by him and them executed and delivered as his or theire respective Adf and Deedes any condicbn covenant or agreement to be made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. And if any condicbn covenant or agreement shall be made to the contrary the same shall be and is hereby declared to be void any thing herein conteined or any Lawe or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding and in such Accbn or Accbns soe to be brought noe Priviledge Proteccbn Essoign or Wager of Lawe nor any more then one Imparlance shall be allowed

And to the intent that theire Majesties Subjedf may not be oppressed by the said Corporacbn by theire monopolizing or ingrosseing any sort of Goods Wares or Merchandizes Be it further Declared and Enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Corporacbn to be made and created by this Act shall not att any time dureing the continuance thereof deale or trade or permitt or suffer any person or persons whatsoever either in trust or for the benefitt of the same to deale or trade with any of the Stock-moneyes or Effedf of or any [wise1] belonging to the said Corporacbn in the buying or selling of any Goods Wares or Merchandizes whatsoever and every person or persons who shall soe deale or trade or by whose order or direccbns such Dealeingf orTradeing shall be made prosecuted or managed shall forfeite for every such Dealeing or Tradcing and every such order and direccbns treble the value of the Goods and Merchandize soe traded for to such person or persons who shall

1 annexed to die Original Act in a separate Schedule. * interlined on the Roll. ' wayes 0,

XXIV.

Not to be a Corporation except a Moiety be advanced before tst August. Subscribers, how they may transfer over, if Moiety not advanced.

Proportionable Part to be a Fund only for securing Money paid under this Act.

XXV. Corporation shall not borrow above .£1,200,000, except upon Parliament Funds.

If Corporation borrow more, particular Members are proportionally charged.

Debt lies against particular Members.

Covenants to the contrary void.

XXVI. Corporation not to trade.

Punishment.

6 I

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

4.DA694.

XXVII. In what Things they may nevertheless deal.

XXVIII. The Bills of the Corporation assignable.

Assignee may sue.

XXIX. Corporation purchasing Crown Lands, or lending Money upon Funds not having Loan of Credit;

Penalty.

XXX.

Fines upon the Corporation not pardoned by Letters of Signet, &c. and may be detained out of the annual Fund.

XXXI. Exchequer Officers may pay off Judgments against the Corporation.

Receipt of Plaintiff a Discharge.

XXXII.

Recital of 5&6W.IH.C.7.

Members of Parliament may be concerned in the Corporation.

sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informac&n in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Proteccon nor other Priviledge whatsoever nor any Injunccon Order of restrainte nor Wager of Lawe shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance

Provided that nothing herein conteined shall any wayes be construed to hinder the said Corporacon from dealeing in Bills of Exchange or in buying or selling Bullion Gold or Silver or in selling any goods wares or merchandize whatsoever which shall [be'] really and bona fide be left or deposited with the said Corporacon for money lent and advanced thereon and which shall not be redeemed att the time agreed on or within three moneths after or from selling such goods as shall or may be the produce of Lands purchased by the said Corporacon

[Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Bill or Bills obligatory and of creditt under the Seale of the said Corporacon made or given to any person or persons shall and may by Indorsement thereon under the hand of such person or persons be assigneable and assigned to any person or persons who shall voluntarily accepte the same and soe by such Assignee toties quoties by indorsement thereupon and that such Assignement and Assignements soe to be made shall absolutely vest and transferre the Right and Property in and unto such Bill or Bills Obligatory and of Creditt and the moneyes due upon the same and that the Assignee or Assignees shall and may sue for and mainetaine an accbn thereupon in his owne name *• *]

Provided alwaies and it is hereby further enabled That if the Governor Deputy Governor the Directors Managers Assistantf or other Members of the said Corporacon soe to be established shall upon the account of the said Corporacon att (*) time or times purchase any Lands or Revenues belonging to the Crowne or advance or lend to theire Majesties theire Hcires or Successors any sume or slimes of money by way of Loan or Anticipation on any parte or parts branch or branches fond or fondf of the Revenues now granted or belonging or hereafter to be granted or belonging to theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors other then (4) such fond or fondf parte or parts branch or branches of the said Revenues only on which a creditt of Loan is or shall be granted by Parliament that then the said Governor Deputy Governor Directors Managers or Assistantf or other Members of the said Corporacon who shall consent agree to or approve of the advanceing or lending to theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors such sume or slimes of money as aforesaid and each and every of them soe agreeing consenting or approveing and being thereof lawfully convicted shall for every such offence forfeite treble the value of every such sume or sumes of money soe lent whereof one fifth parte shall be to the Informer to be recovered in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster by accon of Debt Bill Plainte or Information wherein noe Protecc&n Wager of Lawe Essoign Priviledge of Parliament or other Priviledge shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and the residue (5) towards publicke uses as shall be directed by Parliament and not otherwise:-

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That all Amerciamentf Fynes and Issues against the said Corporacon and theire Successors had charged or estreated in or upon account of any [suites6] or accon to be prosecuted or brought against them shall not be pardoned acquitted or discharged by any Letters of Signet Privye Seale or Greate Seale of theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors or otherwise howsoever and in case any such Amerciamentf Fynes or Issues shall be estreated into theire Majesties Exchequer against the said Corporacon upon any Processe for nonappeareance att the suite of any person or persons that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Officers of theire Majesties Exchequer for the time being who are hereby directed to pay the said yearely sume of One hundred thousand pounds to the said Corporacon to detaine soe much money as the said Amerciamentf Fynes or Issues shall amount unto out of the said yearely sume of One hundred thousand pounds payable to the said Corporacon

And be it further enacted That if att any time hereafter any person or persons shall obtaine any Judgment or Judgeinentf in any Court of Lawe againste the said Corporacon for any Debte or sume of money and shall bring execucdn or execuc&ns thereupon unto the said Officers of theire Majesties Exchequer that then it shall and may be lawfyll to and for the said Officers of the said Exchequer to pay and they are hereby required to pay the said sume or sumes of money in the said execuc&ns menconed to the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes therein named or theire Assignes whose Receipte shall be a sufficient discharge for the samej and that the said Officers of the [said7] Exchequer shall and may detaine soe much of the said yearely sume of One hundred thousand pounds as the said Debt or Debts shall amount unto

And whereas by an Act of this p^sent Session of Parliament entituled An Act for granting to theire Majesties certaine Rates and Dutyes upon Salt and upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine recoinpences and advantages in the said Act menconed to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sume of Tenne hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the Warr againste Franee Itt is enacted That noe Member of the House of Comons shall att any time be concerned in the farmeing collecting or manageing any suine or sumes of money Duties or other Aids by the said Act or any other Act of Parliament granted or to be granted to theire Majesties excepte the persons in the said Act excepted; and whereas some Doubts may arise whether any Member or Members of Parliament may be concerned in the Corporac&n to be erected in pursuance of this Act Be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Member or Members of the House of Comons to be a Member or Members of the said Corporacon for the purposes in this Act menconed any thing in the said recited Act conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

1 0. omits. ,J annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 3 any O. 4 on O.

* to be disposed of 0. « suite O. 7 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1694.

5° & 6'° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

491

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for any persons Native^ or Forreigners to contribute towards the advanceing of the sume of Three hundred thousand pounds other parte of the said sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds by paying into the Receipte of theire Majesties Exchequer att any time before the nine and twentieth day of September One thousand six hundred ninety and four any sume or sumes of money not exceedeing in the whole the sume of Three hundred thousand pounds upon the termes following (that is to say) that every such person his Executors Administrators or Assignes out of the Rates and Dutyes granted by this Act shall have and receive for every sume of One hundred pounds soe by them respectively

advanced and paid such yearely Annuity Rent or Payment as herein after is directed (that is to say) That if such

Contributor shall advance and pay his money upon one life only then he shall have and receive a yearely Annuity Rent or Payment of Fourteene pounds of lawfull English money for every Hundred pounds and soe proporftinably for a greater sume for and dureing the life of such person soe advanceing and paying the same or dureing any other Life to be nominated by the person advanceing or paying any such sume; and in case [any1] Contributor shall thinke fitt upon payment of his money to have an Annuity for two lives then he shall have an yearely Annuity Rent or payment of Twelve pounds of lawfull English money for every One hundred pounds and soe proporcbnably for a greater sume advanced for and dureing two lives and the life of the Survivor of them to be nominated as aforesaid ; and in case such Contributor shall thinke fitt upon payment of his money to have an Annuity for Three lives then he shall have and receive a yearely Annuity Rent or Payment of Tenne pounds of lawfull English money for every hundred pounds soe by him advanced and paid or after that rate for and dureing the terme of three lives and the life of the Survivor of them to be nominated by the person or persons soe paying the same as aforesaid that all and every the said lives shall be named by the severall Contributors

theire Executors or Administrators or such as shall be employed by them to pay in the said sumes within Thirty

dayes after the Nine and twentieth day of September One thousand six hundred ninety and four which yearely Annuities Rents or Paymentf shall comence from the said Nine and twentieth day of September and shall be paid and payable quarterly att the four most usuall Feastf of the yeare (that is to say) the Feast of the Nativity of

our Lord Christ the Feaste of the Annunciacon of the Blessed Virgin Mary the Feaste of [the Nativity *] of St John

Baptist and the Feaste of St Michaell the Arch-angell by even and equal porcons And every person on payment of any such sume or sumes as aforesaid shall imediately have one or more TalJye or Tallyes importing the receipte of the consideracon money and orders for the payment of the said Annuities beareing the same date with the Tally; [the said Tallyes to be levyed andJ] the said Orders to be signed in the same manner as in and by an Act of this psent Parliament entituled An Act; for granting to theire Majesties certaine Rates and Dutyes of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine recompences and advantages in the said Act menconed to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sume of Tenne hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the Warr againste France is menc6ned and directed touching Tallyes and Orders to be given to the Contributors for Annuities upon the said Act; and the said Orders not to be determinable revocable or countermandable as touching the

afore-menconed Orders in the said recited Act is enacted which said Orders shall be assigneable and transferrable

in such and the same manner as is menconed in the said recited Act touching Orders given to the Contributors in the said Act menebned And all the Rates and Duties by this Act granted or soe much thereof as are and shall be sufficient for the purposes aforesaid are and shall be appropriated to and for the payment of the said Annuities of Inheritance and Annuities for lives after the severall and respective rates aforesaid according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever under the like penalties forfeitures and disabilities in respect to all and every the Officers and other persons in the [said4] recited Act menebned as are in the said Act appointed and enacted in case of diverting or misapplying any [parte *] of the moneys which ought to be paid to the Contributors upon the said Act; and the said penalties and forfeitures shall be sued for prosecuted recovered and paid in such manner and forme as the penalties in the said recited Act are appointed to be sued for prosecuted recovered and paid in which suite no Proteccbn Priviledge of Parliament or other Priviledge Wager of Lawe or more then one Imparlance shall be allowed And the said Officers are hereby required to keepe Bookes and Registers and make entries of the names of all persons who shall advance any moneys before the said Nine and twentieth day of September as aforesaid and of the severall sumes soe advanced and the times of paying in the same respectively and the names of such persons for whose lives the severall Annuityes or yearely paymentf are to be payable without fee or reward in such manner as in the said recited Act is menconed ; to which Bookes all persons concerned shall have accessc as in the said Act [is alsoe1] directed All which the said Officers are to doe and performe under the like Penalties and Forfeitures and Disabilities as in the said recited Act [is6] menconed And every person who shall soe advance and pay any such sume as aforesaid before the said Nine and twentieth day of September as aforesaid shall receive out of the money granted by this Act for all money soe advanced by him and paid from the respective dayes of payment unto the said Nine and twentieth day of September as aforesaid Interest att the Rate of Tenne pounds per Centum per Annu

And be it further enacted That any moneys payable to any person or persons upon or by virtue of this Act shall not be charged or chargeable with any Rates Dutyes or Imposicons whatsoever "•

And be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for any Guardian or Trustee haveing the disposall of the money of any Infant under the age of one and twenty yeares for the use and benefit of such Infant to advance and pay the sume of one hundred pounds of the moneys of such Infant either upon an Annuity of

XXXIII. Persons may contribute towards the raising ^300,000, for which they shall receive yearly Sums for One, Two, or Three Lives.

Tallies how levied.

4 & 5 W. A M.

c* 3- 08-

Order irrevocable and transferrable.

Duties

appropriated to the Payment.

Officer, &c. misapplying.

How Penalties sued for.

Register to be kept of Contributors and Nominees.

Penalty on Officer not executing Act.

Interest at j&io per Cent, till 29th September.

XXXIV. Annuity free from Tax.

XXXV. Guardian may advance Infant's Money.

1 such 0.

4 O. omits.

* interlined on the Roll. 4 also is 0.

s omitted in King's Printer's Copy. 6 are 0.

4v<2

J. JUS 94.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

Infant to be made Nominee.

XXXVI

Contributor upon Receipt to bring Certificate of Nominee's Life from Minister, &c.

or Certificate from Justice of Peace, of Contributor's Oath of Nominee's Life.

No Fee for Oath, &c.

False Oath,

Perjury.

If Nominee in Scotland, Sec. Certificate from Baron of Exchequer.

Receiving after Nominee's Death;

Penalty.

XXXVII.

If £i ,200,000 be not raised upon the Fund, what is short may be raised upon Lives.

XXXVIII.

What falls short of i ,500,000 raised before October, may be raised by Loan.

XXXIX. Eight per Cent. per Ann. allowed upon Loan.

If the Duties fall short. Loan raised out of next Aids.

Inheritance or upon Annuity for life or lives upon the respective termes and recoinpences herein menconed att the election of such Guardian or Trustee And in case such Guardian or Trustee shall pay any such sume upon an Annuity for life he shall thereupon within such time as is herein before appointed for the nameing of lives name the said Infant to be a Nominee and such Infant upon payment of the sume shall become a Contributor within the ineaneing of this Act and be entituled to have and receive a proporcbn as any other Contributor; And the said Guardian and Trustee as to the [said '] sume of One hundred pounds soe advanced is hereby discharged

And to make the payment of the Annuityes more easy to the severall Contributors upon this Act Be it enacted that every Contributor upon this Act upon the termes of haveing an Annuity for One Two or Three Lives his or her Executors Administrators or Assignes upon theire demanding any Paymentf of his her or theire respective Shares of the said Fond unlesse the Nominee or Nominees or one of them appeare in person att the said Receipte shall produce a Certificate of the life of his her or theire respective Nominee or Nominees or one of them signed by the Minister and Church-wardens of the Parish where such Nominee shall be then liveing or otherwise it shall and may be lawfull to and for every Contributor his or [theire *] Executors Administrators or Assignes att his her or theire Eleccon to make Oath of the truth of his her or theire respective Nominees life or the life of one of them upon the day when the said payment shall become due before one or more Justices of the Peace of the respective County Rideing City Towne or Place wherein such person (att the time of makeing the said Oath) shall reside which Oath he or they are hereby impowered to administer and the said Justice or Justices shall make (3) Certificate

thereof for which Oath and Certificate noe Fee or Reward shall be required and the said Certificate shall be filed

in the said Office of Receipte in the Exchequer; And if any person shall be guilty of (4) false Oath or forgeing any Certificate touching the pmisses and being thereof lawfully convicted he shall incurr the paines and penalties to be inflicted upon persons who comit wilfull Perjury or Forgery ; And in case any Nominee shall att the time of such demand be resident in Scotland or beyond the Seas and any one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer for the time being shall certifie that upon Proofe to him or them made (which Proofe he and they is and are

hereby authorized and required to take in a summary way) it doth seeme probable to him or them that the said

Nominee is liveing which Certificate is to be given and Examinacon made without Fee or Charge the said Certificates being filed as aforesaid shall be a sufficient Warrant for makeing the said payment to the respective Contributors or Advancers theire Executors Administrators or Assignes ; And if any person or persons shall receive one or more Paymentf upon his her or theire Annuitie or Annuityes for any rime beyond the death of his her or theire Nominee or Nominees when the same ought to cease such person or persons shall forfeite treble the value of the moneys soe by (5) her or them received the one halfe thereof to theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors and the other halfe to him or them who will sue for the same by Acc6n Suite Bill or Informacbn in which no Essoign Protection Priviledge or Wager of Law or more then one Imparlance shall be allowed I*

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case the whole sume of twelve hundred thousand pounds shall not be subscribed and paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid; that then soe much of the said yearely sume of One hundred thousand pounndf hereby intended to answere the recompence for the same as by such deficiency shall by this Act be undisposed shall and may be and is hereby applied and appropriated (soe far as the same will amount) to pay to any person and persons who shall advance and pay any sume or sumes of money into the Exchequer on or before the First day of February which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and four on account to have an Annuity or Annuities for One Two or Three Lives such respective sume and sumes for such respective Life or Lives according to such [rates6] and proporedns and for such time and under such Rules and Directions as are herein before contained with relation to such as shall advance and pay the said three hundred thousand pounds

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if the whole sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds be not advanced and paid into the Exchequer upon this Act before the First day of October One thousand six hundred ninety four that then it shall and may be law'full for theire Majesties or theire Officers in the Receipte of theire Majesties Exchequer by theire Comand and Appointement to borrow and take into the said Receipte for theire Majesties Use by way of Loan any sume or sumes of money w hich together with the whole value or amount of all the sumes of money w'hich shall before the said First day of October be contributed or advanced as aforesaid shall not exceede the sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds which sume or sumes soc taken up by way of Loan shall and may be charged upon the Creditt of theire Majesties Exchequer in generall and Tall yes of Loan and Orders of Repayment of the same shall be levyed and drawne accordingly which said Orders shall be assigneable and transferable from one person to another I*

And it is hereby enacted That all and every sume and sumes of money soe to be borrowed not exceedeing as aforesaid together with Interest for the same not exceedeing the Rate of Eight pounds per Centum per Annu to be paid every three months untill satisfaction of the principall shall be payable and satisfied unto the respective Lender or Lenders of the same his her or theire Executors Administrators or Assignes out of the moneys w'hich shall afterwards arise and be brought into the Exchequer by or for Contributions upon this Act soe far as the same will extend; And in case the money soe ariseing by this Act shall not be sufficient for the paying thereof then the said Loans which shall remaine unsatisfied [with.7] the Interest for the same shall be repaid out of the next Aids or Supplyes to be granted to theire Majesties in Parliament and shall be transferred and transferable

thereunto as soone as any such Aide or Supply shall be granted to theire Majesties; And if noe such Aids or Supplyes shall be granted to theire Majesties before the Second day of February One thousand six hundred ninety four then the said same and sumes of money soe to be borrowed not exceedeing as aforesaid and the Intereste thereof shall be payable and be paid and satisfied to the Lender or Lenders his her or theire Executors Administrators or Assignes respectively by and out of any theire Majesties Treasure which from thenceforth shall come into be or remaine in the Rcceipte of theire Majesties Exchequer not being already appropriated to any particular Uses by any Act or Aftf of Parliament before this time made

And whereas by an Act of this psent Session of Parliament entituled (An Act for granting to theire Majesties an Aide of Four shillingf in the Pound for one yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against France) the sume of Tenne hundred thousand pounds includcing therein the sume of Four hundred thousand pounds already borrowed for the use of the Navy is by the said Act appropriated for the Services of the Navy and Ordnance as parte of the Supplyes granted this Session for the payment of Wages for Services done and to be done and for the paying for Victuallf supplyed and to be supplyed for the said Navy and for and towards the paying for other necessary Provisions and Stores supplyed and to be supplyed and for the Ordnance of the said Navy Royall and for the Wages of the yards and other Services of the Ordinary of the said Navy !• Now to the intent the whole sume granted this psent Session of Parliament for the uses aforesaid may be thereunto appropriated Itt is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that out of the money that hath or shall be levyed by virtue of this Act or of another Act of this present Session of Parliament entituled An Act for granting to theire Majesties certaine Rates and Dutyes upon Salt and upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act menconed to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sume of Tenne hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the Warr against France or of any other Act of this present Session of Parliament by which any Aids shall be granted to theire Majesties towards the carrying on the said Warr and which shall be paid into the Exchequer aswell upon Loans as otherwise (excepte only the money appropriated to pay the Recompences in this and the before recited Act) the sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds over and above the said sume of Tenne hundred thousand pounds in the first recited Act appropriated shall be and is hereby appropriated for the Services of the Navy and Ordnance performed and to be performed And that all other money which shall be levyed and paid by virtue of this or any other Act of this psent Session of Parliament not appropriated by this or the first recited Act to the use of the said Navy or to pay the Recompences in this and the other recited Act into the Receipte of the Exchequer aswell upon Loans as otherwise shall be applyed and appropriated to and for the payment of theire Majesties Land Forces and Armies Ordnance Ammuccm and other Charges incident to the Warr and not otherwise r

And for the more effectuall doeing thereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the halfe of all money that hath or shall be levied or paid into the Receipte of the Exchequer by virtue of this Act or any other Act of this psent Session of Parliament (excepte the said first recited Act and excepte what is appropriated by this or the other recited Act to pay the Recompences of those who have or shall voluntarily advance moneys as aforesaid ; And excepte alsoe [another1] Act entituled An Act to supplye the deficiency of the money raised by a former Act entituled An Act for granting to theire Majesties certaine Rates and Dutyes of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act menebned to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sume of Tenne hundred thousand pounds towrardf the carrying on the Warr against France) shall be applyed to answere the said sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated to the use of the said Navy untill the same shall be paid and satisfied I*

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That out of the sume of Fifteene hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated and out of the said sume of tenne hundred thousand pounds in the before recited Act appropriated for the use of the Navy the sume of Eleven hundred fifty six thousand nine hundred ninety four pounds shall be applyed to pay the Wages to Officers and Seamen and other Services belonging according to the Course of the Navy to the Head of Wages performed and to be performed And alsoe to pay the Officers and Soldiers of the two Marine Regimentf And that the sume of twelve hundred fifty seven thousand two hundred sixty and six pounds be applyed for and towards the paying for Victuallf and necessary Provisions and Stores and other extraordinary Services of the Navy and Ordnance supplyed and performed or to be supplyed or performed: And that the sume of Eighty five thousand seven hundred and forty pounds be applyed for and towards paying

the Wages of the yards and other ordinary Services of the said Navy I*

And that the sumes by this Act appropriated may not be diverted or applyed to any other purpose then is hereby declared and intended be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the rules and direcams appointed and enacted in one Act made in the first yeare of theire Majesties Raigne entituled An Act for a Grant to theire Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillingf in the Pound for one yeare for the speedy payment of money thereby

granted into the Receipte of the Exchequer by the Collectors and Receivers and for distribution and application

thereof and keepeing distinct Accomptf of the same; and all other Provisoes Paines Penalties and Forfeitures thereby enacted in case of diversion of any money thereby appropriated are hereby revived and enacted to be in force and shall be practised applyed executed and putt in ure for and concerneing the distribuebn and applicacon of the said sumes hereby appropriated as fully amply and effectually as if the same wrere here particularly repeated and re-enacted

1 one other 0.

6 K

If no Aid before 2d February 1694,

then paid out of the Exchequer.

XL.

£1,000,000 formerly appropriated to the Nary and Ordnance, c. 1. ante.

£ 1,jco.oooo more to the Navy and Ordnance, c. 7. ante, or other Act of this Session.

All other Money to the Army and other War Charges.

XU.

Half of this or any other Tax, except Land Tax, charged with the £ 1,500,000. c. 5 ante.

XUI. Particular Sums for Wages, See. of Navy, Marines, See.

XLIII. Rules, Penalties, &c. of 1 W. & M.

Sess. 2. c. t. applied.

5° & 6" Gul. & Mar. c.2().

A.D. 1694.

xliv.

Recital of Utility of Manufacture of Silks.

Alamodes, &c. to be marked and sealed by the Custom-House Officers.

No Fee for marking, &c.

Lustrings, See. imported and not sealed;

Penalty.

I. W. & M. Sts*, i. c. 34.

Counterfeiting

Mark;

Penalty ^'500.

XLV. Recital of c.i. aute.

Certificate to Parliament by Admiralty of the Stations of the Cruizers appointed by the said Act.

XLVI.

One Penny per Pound allowed to the Exchequer Officers.

XLVII.

Officers in the Excise not to interfere in Choice of Members.

Penalty jCioo.

and Disability.

And whereas there is lately sett up in this Kingdome a very profitable manufacture of Silke Stufff called Eustringf and Alamodes never before made in this Realme for the which greate sfimes of money of the Nation were heretofore exported into France ; and to the intent that noe discouragement may be given to soe usefull a Trade wherein many [hundreds] of theire Majesties Subjects are employed by preventing all Frauds and Deceits to the Revenue of theire Majesties Customes by fraudulently importing such Silkes without paying legall Duties for the same Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the Comissioners of theire Majesties Customes for the time being shall and are hereby authorized and required from time to time from and after the end of this Session of Parliament to marke and seale or cause to be markt and sealed all the said LustringC and Alamodes which now are imported and in the hands of any person or persons whatsoever and alsoe of all the said Stufff soe called which shall be hereafter imported and to keepe an Entry and Registry thereof in the Custome House in a Booke to be for that Purpose provided And that all which are already imported shall be soe markt sealed and registered within Twenty dayes of the said time for which there shall be noe Fee or Reward paid; And all such Lustringf and Alamodes which shall be hereafter imported from the time aforesaid shall be soe markt sealed and registered without any Fee as aforesaid before they be delivered out of the Custome House warehouse where they shall be respectively imported and entered; And all such Lustringf and Alamodes which shall be att any time after the Fifteenth day of May One thousand six hundred ninety four imported and not soe sealed and markt shall be forfeited and the Importers or Possessors thereof subject to such and the like penalties and forfeitures as Importers of French Goods by one Act made in the First yeare of theire Majesties Raigne entituled An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Comerce with France to be recovered as therein [is*] directed; And if any person or persons shall alter or counterfeite the Marke or Seale Marks or Seales used and to be used for the Purposes aforesaid the Offender shall forfeite the sume of Five hundred pounds to any that will sue for the same by Bill Plainte or Informacbn in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Proteccon or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance;*

And whereas it is enacted in one Act of this psent Session of Parliament entituled An Act for granting to theire Majesties an aid of Four shillingf in the pound for One yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against France That for the better secureing the Trade of this Kingdome over and above the Shipps of Warr for the Line of Battell and for Convoys to remote partC att the least Four Shipps of the Third Rate Sixteene Shipps of the Fourth Rate Thirteene Shipps of the Fifth Rate and Tenne Ships of the Sixth Rate shall be from time to time directed and appointed by the Lord High Admirall of England or Comissioners for executeing the said Office for the time being to such proper Stations as they shall deeme mete to cruise for secureing the Merchant Shipps in theire goeing out and returneing home I. Wherefore that it may the better appeare how the said Service is performed wherein the security of Trade and the safety of these Realmes is soe much concerned Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Lord High Admirall of England or [the*] Comissioners for executeing the Office of Lord High Admirall of England for the time being shall and are hereby respectively required to exhibitt to the Coinons assembled in Parliament att the next Session of this or any other Parliament which shall happen after the First day of August One thousand six hundred ninety four a Certificate in writeing under his or theire Hands respectively of the Shipps by him or them respectively sett out in pursuance of the said recited Clause expressing therein the Names and Rates of the Ships sett out and the times when by him or them respectively ordered as alsoe the Stations to which they were directed and the Times hour long they were continued att Sea in that Service;*

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Officers of the Receipte of theire Majesties Exchequer shall and may receive and take for theire Fees One penny in the pound and noe more for all or any the sume or sfimes of money to be issued or paid to any theire Majesties Garisons or other Land Forces and Armies

and other charges incident to the same out of the money ariseing by this or any other Act and Grant of this

Session or any other Session of Parliament dureing this present Warr to be distributed in such proporcbn as the Lord Treasurer or Lords Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall appointe

And to the end the greate dutyes of Excise and the pow'ers given for the collecting and levying the same may not be employed for the influenceing of elecebns of Members to serve in Parliament which elecebns by the Constitucbn of this Governement ought to be free and uncorrupt Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the First day of May [in the yeare of our Lord4] One thousand six hundred ninety four noe

Collector Supervisor Gauger or other Officer or Person whatsoever concerned or employed in the chargeing

collecting levying or manageing the dutyes of Excise or any branch or parte thereof shall by word message or writeing or in any other manner whatsoever endeavour to perswade any Elector to give or diswade any Elector from giveing his vote for the choice of any person to be a Knight of the Sheire Citizen Burgesse or Baron of any County City Burrough or Cinque Port to serve in Parliament and every Officer or other person offending therein shall forfeite the sume of One hundred Pounds one moiety thereof to the Informer and the other moiety to the Poore of the Parish where such Offence shall be comitted to be recovered by any person that shall sue for the same by Accon of Debte Bill Plaint or Informacbn in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster in which noe Essoign Proteccon Priviledge or Wager of Lawe or more then one Imparlance shall be allowed; And every person convict on any such Suite of the said Offence shall thereby become disabled and incapable of ever beareing or executeing any Office or Place; concerneing or relateing to the duty of Excise or any other Office or Place of Trust whatsoever under theire Majesties theire Pleires or Successors

» hundred O.

s O omits.

3 O. omits.

4 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 169 4.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c.20, 21.

495

And it is hereby declared and enatted That true Notes in Writeing of the last Gauges made or taken by the Gaugers shall be left by them with all Brewers Makers or Retailers of Bere Ale or other exciseable Liquors respectively or some of theire Servantf att the times of takeing theire said Gauges containeing the quantity and quality of the Liquors soe gauged upon the penaltie of Five pounds for every Offence or Neglect of the said Gauger or Gaugers to be recovered by any person that shall sue for the same by Acfbn of Debte Bill Plainte or Informacon in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster in which noe F.ssoigne Proteccbn Priviledge or Wager of Lawe nor more then one Imparlance shall be allowed

CHAPTER XXI.

An Act for granting to theire Majesties severall Dutyes upon Velum Parchment and Paper for Four Yeares towards

carryyng on the warr against France

WEE your Majesties most dutifull and loyall Subjects the Comons in Parliament assembled haveing entered into a due and serious consideration of the extraordinary occasions which oblige your Majesties to a greate and present expence for the necessarye defence of your Realmes and being desireous to raise such Aids and Supplyes as may be proporcbnable to these occasions doe humbly present your Majesties with the Free Guifte of the Rates and Dutyes herein after mentioned; and doe beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted I. And be it enacted by the King and Queenes most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That from and after the Eight and twentieth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety [and1] four there shall be throughout theire Majesties Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised collected and paide unto theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors dureing the terme of Four yeares and noe longer for the severall and respective things herein after menconed which shall be written or ingrossed dureing the terme aforesaid over and above the Rates Dutyes and Sumes of money now due and payable to theire Majesties or to any Person or Persons Bodyes Politicke or Corporate whatsoever for the same the severall and respective Rates Imposicbns Dutyes Charges and Sums of Money herein after expressed in manner and forme followeing (that is to

say:-)

For every Skin or Peice of Velum or Parchment on which any Grants or Letters Patcntf under the Great Seale of England or the Seale of the Dutchy or County Pallatine of Lancaster or of any Honour Dignity Promocbn Franchise Libertye or Priviledge to any Person or Persons Bodies Politicke or Corporate or Exemplifications of the same shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Forty Shillingf I*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum Parchment or Sheete of Paper on which any pardon of or for any crime or offence or of any sume of money or forfeiture whatsoever or on which any warrant of repreive or relaxacon from any Fines Corporall Punishmentf or other Forfeiture shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Forty Shillings !• For every Skinn of Velum or Parchment or sheete of Paper upon which any grant from theire Majesties of any sume of money exceedeing One hundred pounds w'hich shall passe the Greate Seale or Privy Seale (not directed to the Greate Seale) shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Forty shillingf

For every Skinn of Velum or Parchment or for every sheete of Paper upon which any grant of any Office or Employment which shall be above the value of Fifty pounds per annu shall be written or ingrossed the sume of Forty shillingf

For every Skin of Velum or Parchment on which any grant of Lands in fee Lease for yeares or other grant of profitt not herein particularly charged shall passe the Greate Seale of England the Seale of the Exchequer the Seale of the Dutchy or County Pallatine of Lancaster [or (*) Privy Seale}] (not directed to the Greate Seale) shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Forty shillingf I*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or sheete of Paper upon which any presentaebn or donation which shall passe the Greate Seale of England or upon which any collacbn to be made by any Arch-Bishopp or other Bishopp or any presentaebn or donacbn to be made by any patron whatsoever of or to any benefice dignity or spirituall or ecclesiasticall promotion whatsoever shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Forty shillingf (Provided such benefice dignity or promotion be of the yearely value of Term pounds or above in the Kings Bookes I*)

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete or Piece of Paper upon which any register entry testimoniall or cerdficate of any degree taken in either of the two Universities or Four Inns of Court shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Forty shillingf I*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper on which any dispensacbn to hold two ecclesiastical 1 dignities or benefices or both a dignity and a benefice or any other dispensacbn or Faculde from the Lord Arch-Bishop of Canterbury or the [Master of the3] Faculties for the time being shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Forty shillingf

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment Sheete or Piece of Paper upon which any admittance of any Fellowe of the Colledge of Physitians or of any Attorney Clerke Advocate Probtor Notary or other Officer or Officers in any Courte whatsoever shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Forty shillingf

XLVIII.

Note of Gauge delivered to the Brewer, See.

Penalty

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. I.

Duty upon Things written and ingrossed for Years.

Letters Patent, &c.

Pardons.

Grants of Money from the Crown.

Grants of Office.

Grants of Lands, Leases, &c.

Presentations.

Proviso as to value of Benefice.

Degrees in the Universities, Sic.

Dispensations.

Admittance of Attornic8,Proctors,

See.

1 O. omits.

* the O.

3 interlined on the Roll.

Appeals.

Conveyances, &c.

Writs of Covenant.

Recoveries.

Exemplifications.

Decrees in Chancery, &c.

Licences.

Writs of Error, See.

Significavits.

Admiralty Sentences, &c.

Marriage Certificates, &c.

Probates of Wills, &c.

Recognizances, &c.

Postea, See. Judgments.

Commissions out of Ecclesiastical Court.

Monitions, See. Exception.

Special Bail.

Bills, Answers, See, in Equity.

Admissions into Companies, &c.

5°& G° Gul. & Mar. c.21.

J.DAG94.

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Shccte of Paper upon which any Appeale from the Court of Admiralty Arches or the Prerogative Courts of Canterbury or Yorke shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Forty shillingf I

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment (') Sheete of Paper upon which any Conveyance Surrender of Grants or Offices Release or other Deede whatsoever which shall be enrolled of record in any of the Courts att Westminster or in any other Court of Record whatsoever or by any Custos Rotolo^ or Clerke of the Peace shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Five shillingf I*

For every Peice of Velum or Parchment upon which any Writt of Covenant for levying of Fynes shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Five shillingf

For every Peice of Velum or Parchment upon which any Writt of Entry for suffering a Comon Recovery shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Five shillingf

For every Skinn of Velum or Parchment upon which any Exemplification of what nature soever that shall passe

the scale of any C.ourte whatsoever shall be ingrossed or wrritten the sume of Five shillingf I*

For every Skinn of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which any Decree or Dismission made by or in the Court of Chancery Exchequer Court of the County Palatine or Dutchy of Lancaster Courts of the

Countyes Palatine of Chester Durham or other Court of Equity whatsoever shall be ingrossed or written the

sume of Six pence I*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which any Institucon or Lycence that shall passe the seale of any Arch-Bishopp or BLshopp Chancellor or other Ordinary or any Ecclesiastical 1 Court whatsoever shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Five shillingf [•

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which any Writt of Error Certiorari Habeas Corpus or Appeale (excepte to the Delegates) shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Five shillingf

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which any Significavit pro corporis delibacone shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Five shillingf

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete or Peice of Paper upon which any Sentence that shall be given in the Court of the Lord High Admirall of England or the Cinque Ports exerciseing Admiralty Jurisdiction or upon any Attachment that shall be made out of any of the said Courts of Admiralty or any relaxation of any such Attachment shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Five shillingf

For every Skinn or Peice of Vellum or Parchment or Sheete or Peice of Paper upon which any Licence for or Certificate of Marriage or any Letters of Mart shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Five shillingf I-

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment Sheete or Peice of Paper upon which any Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration for any Estate above the value of Twenty pounds shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Five shillingf I*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment Sheete or Peice of Paper upon which any Recognizance Statute-Staple or Statute-Merchant shall be ingrossed or written and entered of record in any Court or Office the sume of Five shillingf 1*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment upon which any Record of Nisi prius or Postea shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Two shillingf and Six pence

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Paper upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Judgment whatsoever which shall be signed by the Master of any Office or his deputy or secondary or by any Prothonotary or his Secondary Deputy or Clerke or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts att Westminster who have power or usually doth or shall signe Judgmentf the sume of Two shillingf and Six pence *.*

For every Skin or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which any Comission issueing out of any Ecclesiasticall Court not herein otherwise particularly charged shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Two shillingf and six pence I*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which any Warrant Monition or Personall Decree in auy Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports shall be ingrossed or written or upon which any beneficiall Warrant or Order under theire Majesties Signe Manuall (excepte Warrantf or Orders for [the service of13 theire Majesties Navy Army and Ordnance) shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Two shillingf and six pence I*

For every Peice of Velum Parchment or Paper upon which any Speciall Bayle to be taken in any of the Courts att Westminster or before any of the Judges of the said Courts or in any other Court whatsoever that shall be filed in any of the said Courts shall be ingrossed or written and for every Peice of Velum Parchment or Paper upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Appearance upon such Speciall Baile the sume of One shilling I*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Bill Answere Replication Rejoynder Interrogatories Depositions taken by Comission or any other Pleadingf whatsoever in the Courts of Chancery Exchequer Dutchy Court and County Palatine Courts or other Courts of Equity the sume oi One shilling I*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment and for every Sheete or Peice of Paper upon which any Admission into any Corporation or Company or any Matriculation in either of the I wo Universities, or any Admission into any of the Inns of Court or Inns of Chancery shall be ingrossed or written the sume of One shilling I*

1 or 0.

• interlined on the Roll.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 21.

497

I

For every Peice of Parchment or Paper upon which any Affidavitt shall be ingrossed or written (excepte Affidavittf taken pursuant to the severall Adf made in the Thirtieth and Two and thirtieth yeares of the Raigne of King Charles the Second for burying in Wollen and excepte such Affidavittf as shall be taken before the Officers of theire Majesties Customes or any Justice or Justices of the Peace or before any Cdmissioners appointed or to be appointed by any Act of Parliament for the assessing or levying any aids or Duties granted or to be granted to theire Majesties and which Affidavittf shall be taken by the said Officers of the Customes Justices or Comissioners by virtue of theire authority as Justices of the Peace or Comissioners respectively and not otherwise) the sume of Six pence I. And for every Peice of Parchment or Paper upon which any Copy of such Affidavitt as is herein before charged that shall be filed or read in any Court whatsoever shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Six pence I*

For every Skin or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Indenture Lease or Deede Poll not hereby otherwise charged the sume of Six pence

For every Peice of Velum or Parchment or Peice of Paper upon which any Originall Writt (excepte such Originall on which a Writt of Capias issues) Subpena, Bill of Middlesex Latitat Writt of Capias Quo minus Writt ofDedim* Potestatem to take Answeres examine Witnesses or appointc Guardians and any other Writt whatsoever or any other Processe or Mandate that shall issue out of or passe the Seales of any of the Courts att Westminster Courts of the Create Sessions in Wales Courts in Counties Palatine or any other Court whatsoever holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to Forty shillingf or above or the thing in demand is of that value shall be ingrossed or written the sum of Six pence I*

For every Peice of Velum Parchment or Paper upon which any Entry of any Accbn in the Mayors and Sherifff Courts of London and in Courts in all Corporacbns and other Courts whatsoever out of which noe Writtf Processe or Mandates issue holding Plea where the Debte or Damage doth amount to Forty shillingf or above shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Six pence

For every Peice of Velum Parchment or Paper upon which any Comon Baile to be filed in any Court whatsoever and upon which any appearance that shall be made upon such Baile shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Six pence: which appearance or comon Baile the Defendant shall cause to be entered or filed within Eight dayes after the Retume of the Processe on which the Defendant was arrested upon Penalty of Five pounds to be paid to the Plaintiffe for which the Court shall imediately award Judgment whereupon the Plaintiffe may take out Execution I*

For every Peice of Velum Parchment or Paper upon which any Rule or Order made or given in any of the Courts att Westminster either Courts of Lawe or Equity shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Six pence > For every Peice of Velum Parchment or Paper upon which any Copy of such Rules or Orders entered or the Copies of any other Records or Proceedeings in any of the said Courts att Westminster not hereby otherwise charged shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Six pence

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Citacbn or Monition made in any Ecclesiastical 1 Court or any Libell or Allegation Deposition Answere Sentence or Finall Decree or any Inventory exhibited in any Ecclesiasticall Courte [[or1] Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports or whereupon any Copies of them respectively shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Six pence I*

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which any Charter-party Policy of

Assureance Passport Bond Release Contract or other Obligatory Instrument or any Protest Procuration Letter of

Attorney or any other Notariall Ad whatsoever shall be ingrossed or written the sume of Six pence

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which any Declaracbn Plea Replication Rejoynder Demurrer or other Pleadingf whatsoever in any Court of Lawe shall be ingrossed or written the sume of One pennyAnd for every Skinn or Piece of Velum or Parchment upon which any Copy thereof shall be written or ingrossed the sume of One penny

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which any Depositions taken in the Court of Chancery or other Court of Equity (excepte the Paper Draughtf of Depositions taken by virtue of

any Comission before they are ingrossed) which are not herein before charged or upon which any Copy of any

Bill Answere Plea Demurrer Replicacbn Rejoynder Interrogatories Deposicons or other Proceedcingf whatsoever in any Courte of Equity shall be ingrossed or written the sume of One penny

For every Skinn or Peice of Velum or Parchment or Sheete of Paper upon which a Copy of any Will shall be ingrossed or written the sume of One penny p

And for preventing Abuses comitted by arresting Persons without any Writt or Legall Processe to justifie the same by meanes whereof the Duty hereby given to the Crowne upon :>uch Processe will be lost Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said Eight and twentieth day of June every Officer or Clerke belonging to the Courte of Kings-Bench Comon Pleas or Exchequer who shall signe any Writt or Processe before Judgment to arrest any person or persons thereupon shall att the signeing thereof sett downe upon such Writt or Processe the day and yeare of his signeing the same which shall be entered upon the Remembrance or in the Booke where the Abstrade of such Writt or Processe shall be entered upon paine to forfeite the sume of Tenne pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Clerke aforesaid to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record by Accbn of Debte Bill Plainte or Information wherein noe Wager of Lawe Protection or Essoign or more then one Imparlance shall be allowed

Affidavits, &c. Exception.

Indentures, &c.

Writs (Exception.)

Entries of Actions, &c.

Common Bail.

When such Common Bail to be filed. Penalty

Rules of Court. Copies of Rules.

Citations, Inventories, &c.

Chartcrparty, &c.

Declarations, &c.

Depositions in

Equity.

Exception.

Copies of Wills.

II.

Officers of Courts to set down upon the Writ the Day and Year, and enter it upon the Remembrance.

Penalty r£io.

1 the 0.

6 L

498

A.D.KiiH.

III.

Proviso for Bills of Exchange, &c.

IV.

Proviso for Probate of Will, &c. of Soldier and Seaman.

V.

King may appoint Commissioners.

Place of Head Office.

Commissioners may appoint Officers.

Six several Marks to be provided by Commissioners.

The Marks may be changed.

VI. Impression to be durable.

VII. Parchment, Jxc. to be stamped before written.

VIII. Officer stamping before Duty paid.

Penalty agios.

IX.

Writing upon Paper before stamped, or stamped with too low a Duty

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 21.

[Provided alwaies that this Act or any thing therein conteined shall not extend to charge any Bills of Exchange Accomptf Bills of Parcellf Bills of Fees or any Bills or Notes (not sealed) for payment of money att sight or upon demand or att the end of certaine dayes of payment ;•']

Provided that nothing in this Act conteined shall extend to charge the Probate of any Will or Letters of Administracon of any Comon Seaman or Soldier who shall be slaine or dye in theire Majesties Service a Certificate being produced from the Captaine of the Shipp or Vessell or Captaine of the Troope or Company under whome such Seaman or Soldier served att the time of his death and Oath made of the Truth thereof before the proper Judge or Officer by whome such Probate or Administracon ought to be granted which Oath such Judge or Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer and for which noe Fee or Reward shall be taken

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that for the better and more effectuall levying collecting and paying unto theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors the severall [& respective1] duties hereby granted Itt shall and may be lawfull for theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors under the Greate Seale of England from time to time to nominate and appoiute such persons as they shall thinke fitt to be Comissioners or Officers for the severall purposes herein after meneftned And that the Comissioners soe to be appointed shall keepe theire Head Office in some convenient place within the Cityes of London or Westminster And the said Comissioners or the major parte of them are hereby impowered under theire Hands and Seales to appointe such other inferior Officers for the markeing or stamping of Velum Parchment and Paper or for the better collecting and levying the dutyes hereby granted to theire Majesties as they in theire discrecons shall thinke fitt: And the said Comissioners shall by the space of Thirty dayes before the said Eight and twentieth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety four provide Six severall Markes or Stamps differing from each other for the severall and respective dutyes hereby granted with which severall Markes or Stamps all Velum Paper and Parchment upon which any of the severall and respective things herein before charged shall be ingrossed or written shall be stampt and impressed (that is to say) One Stampe or Marke with which all Velum Paper and Parchment herein before charged with the payment of Forty shillingf for every Skinn Peice or Sheete shall be stampt or markt : And one other Stampe or Marke with which all Vellum Parchment and Paper herein before charged

with the payment of Five shillingf for every Skinn Sheete or Peice as aforesaid shall be marked and stamped: One other Marke or Stampe with which all Vellum Parchment and Paper charged as aforesaid with the payment of Two shillingf and Six pence for every Skinn Sheete or Peice shall be markt and stampt and soe respectively a different [Marke2] or Stampe with which all Velum Paper and Parchment herein before charged with the payment of the severall dutyes of Twelve pence Six pence and One penny shall be severally and differently markt and stampt which said severall Markes and Stamps shall be published by Proclamacon to be issued under the Greate Seale of England a convenient time before the said Eight and twentieth day of June to the end that all persons may have due notice thereof; And that the said Markes and Stamps or any of them shall or may be altered or

renewed from time to time as theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors shall thinke fitt soe as publicke Notificacftn

thereof be given by Proclamacftn as aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners in provideing the said Markes or Stamps shall take care they be soe contrived that the Impression thereof may be durable and soe as the same may be leaste lyable to be forged or counterfeited

And be it further enacted That all Vellum Parchment and Paper hereby intended to be charged with the

severall and respective dutyes aforesaid shall before any of the matters or things herein before menconed shall be

thereupon ingrossed or written be brought to the Head Office aforesaid or some other Sub-Comissioner or Officer to be appointed by the Comissioners as herein is directed for that purpose to be stamped and marked and the said Comissioners Sub-Comissioners and Officers aforesaid are hereby impowered and required forthwith upon demand to them made by any person or persons to stampe or marke any quantities or parcellf of Velum Parchment or Paper he or they paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that behalfe the respective dutyes hereby directed to be paid for the same to stampe and marke the same accordingly without any other Fee or Rewarde which Stampe or Marke shall be a sufficient discharge for the severall and respective Dutyes hereby granted upon the said Velum Parchment or Paper which shall be soe stampt or inarkt

And be it further enacted That if any C.dmissioner or other Officer to be appointed as aforesaid shall fix any

such Marke or Stampe to any Velum Parchment or Paper before the severall and respective dutyes thereupon charged by this Act shall be duely answered and paid or be secured to be paid to theire Majesties use he shall for every such Offence forfeite the sume of One hundred Pounds one moiety thereof to theire Majesties and the other moiety to him or them that shall informe or sue for the same in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record

by Bill Plaint or Informacon wherein noe Essoigne Protection Wager of Lawe or more then one Imparlance shall

be allowed

And be it further enacted That if any person or persons shall ingrosse or write or cause to be ingrossed or written upon any Velum Parchment or Paper any of the matters or things for which the said Velum Parchment or Paper is hereby charged to pay any Duty before such time as the said Velum Parchment or Paper shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid or upon which there shall not be some Stampe or Marke resembling the same or shall ingrosse or write or cause to be ingrossed or written any matter or thing upon any Velum Parchment or Paper that shall be marked or stamped for any lower duty then the duty by this Act payable for what shall

A.D. 1694.

499

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c. 21.

be soe ingrossed or written such person soe offending shall for every such Offence forfeite the sume of Five hundred

pounds one moiety thereof to theire Majesties and the other moiety to him or them that will informe or sue for

the same as aforesaid; And in case any Clerke Officer or Person who in respect of any pubiicke Office or Officer, See.

Employment is or shall be entituled or entrusted to make ingrosse or write any Records Deedes Instrument^ or

Writengf by this Act charged to pay a Duty as aforesaid shall be guilty of any Fraude or Practice to deceive

theire Majesties of any dutye by this Act payable by makeing ingrosseing or writeing any such Record Deede

Instrument or Writeing or causeing the same to be made ingrossed or written upon Velum Parchment or Paper

not marked or stamped according to this Act or upon which there shall not be some Stampe or Marke resembling

the same or upon Velum Parchment or Paper marked or stamped with any Marke or Stampe which he shall knowe

to be counterfeited or by ingrosseing or writeing any such Deede Instrument or other W riteing upon Velum

Parchment or Paper that shall be marked or stamped for a lower duty as aforesaid That then every such Clerke Penalty.

Officer or Person soe guilty of any such Fraude or Practice and being thereof lawfully convicted shall (over and*

above the penaltye aforesaid) forfeite his Office Place or Employment respectively and be disabled to hold or enjoye

the same for the future And if any Attorney belonging to any Courte whatsoever shall be guilty of any such Attorney offending,

Fraude or Practice as aforesaid and be convicted thereof he shall be disabled for the future to practice as an Attorney ; Disability.

And if any Deede Instrument or Writeing whatsoever by this Act charged with the payment of a duty as aforesaid No Instrument, &c.

shall contrary to the true intente and meaneing thereof be written or ingrossed by any person or persons whatsoever Paper stamped

(not being a knowne Clerke or Officer who in respecte of any pubiicke Office or Imployment is or shall be good, ull ^y paid

entituled to the makeing writeing or ingrosseing the same) upon Velum Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped Money for the

according to this Act or upon Velum Parchment or Paper marked or stamped for a lower duty as aforesaid that SlamP*

then and in every such case there shall be due answered and paid to theire Majesties (over and above the dutye

aforesaid) for every such Deede Instrument or Writeing the Sume of Five pounds ; And no such Record Deede Such Deed, See.

Instrument or Writeing shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court or admitted in any Courte to be good not u ence'

usefull or availeable in Lawe or Equitye untill aswell the said duty as the said sume of Five pounds shall be

first paid to theire Majesties use and a Receipte produced for the same under the Hand or Hands of some of Receipt for the

theire Majesties Officers which shall be appointed to receive the dutyes above menconed and untill the Velum o^Oath^11

Parchment or Paper on which such Deede Instrument or Writeing shall be written or made shall be marked or

stamped with a lawfull Marke or Stampe and theire Majesties Officer or Officers last mcnedned are hereby enjoyned

and required upon payment or tender of the said duty and sume of Five pounds unto him or them to give a

Receipte for the same and to marke or stampe the said Velum Parchment or Paper with the Marke or Stampe

that shall be proper for such Deede Instrument or Writeing respectively and if any person or persons whatsoever

shall att any time or times hereafter counterfeite or forge any Stampe or Marke to resemble any Stampe or Marke

which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Act or shall counterfeite or resemble the Impression of the Counterfeiting

same upon any Velum Parchment or Paper thereby to defraude theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors of Fekmy.°r ^ing'

any the dutyes hereby granted or shall utter vend or sell any Velum Parchment or Paper with such counterfeite

Marke or Impression thereupon knowing such Marke or Impression to be counterfeited then every such person soe

offending being thereof convicted in due Forme of Lawe shall be judged a Felon and shall suffer Death as in

cases of Felony without the Benefitt of Clergye

X

Commissioners may appoint Observers in every Court, &c.

Judges may make Orders.

Officers to take an Oath.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Cdmissioners to be constituted by theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors under the Greate Seale of England as aforesaid shall and may appointe a fitt person to attend in any Courte or Office to take notice of the Velum Parchment or Paper upon which any the matters or things aforesaid shall be ingrossed written or putt and of the markes or stamps thereupon and of all other matters and things tending to secure their Majesties dutyes ariseing by this Act and that the Judges in the several Courts and such others to whome it may appertaine att the requeste or requestf of the said Cdmissioners to be appointed by theire Majesties as aforesaid or of any two or more of them shall make such Orders in the respective Courts and doe such other matters and things for the better secureing of the said dutyes as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that behalfe; And that every person who shall be comissionated by theire Majesties and every person to be employed by or under those comissionated by their Majesties for the markeing or stamping of Velum Parchment or Paper as aforesaid before his acting in the markeing or stamping of the said Velum Parchment or Paper shall take the Oath followeing (that is to say)

I A.B. doe swear That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me pursuant to an Act of Parliament entituled The Oath.

An Act for granting to theire Majesties severall dutyes upon Velum Parchment and Paper for Four yeares towards carrying on the Warr against France; without fraud or concealement and shall from time to time true account make of my doeing therein and deliver the same to such person or persons as theire Majesties theire Heires or

Successors shall appointe to receive such account; and shall take noe fee reward or protitt for the execucon or

performance of the said Trust or the bussinesse relateing thereunto from any persons other then such as shall be paid or allowed by theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors or by the Cdmissioners of theire Majesties Treasury or three of them now being or by the Treasurer of the Exchequer or three or more of the Cdmissioners of the Treasury for the time being

Which Oath shall and may be administred to any such Cdmissioner or Cdmissioners by any Two or more of By whom the same Cdmissioners which shall be appointed under the Greate Seale as aforesaid And any of the said Cdmissioners shall and may administer the like Oath (mutatis mutandis) to the Sub-Comissioners or other persons which shall be employed under them in the said businesse of marking or stamping

5°& 6° Gul. & Mar. c.21.

A.D. 1694.

XL

Commiwioners to observe the Orders of the Treasury

to take care all Parts of the Kingdom have Parchment, 8cc. at the usual Rates.

XII.

Proviso for Paupers.

XIII. Records, Sic. writ as usual.

XIV.

Upon Renewal of Marks those that have Paper marked by them shall have it changed within 6o Days.

Penalty j£ioo.

Paper not brought in within that time of no Use.

Writing on such Paper;

Penalty.

XV.

Credit of Loan for *£330,000 at j£8 per Cent.

XVI. Officers to keep distinct Account and make weekly Payment.

Penalty.

XVII.

Distin& Books of Receipts in the Exchequer.

Tally and Order to the Lender.

And be it enacted That the said Comissioners or Officers to be appointed by theire Majesties as aforesaid and all Sub-Comissioners and Officers to be employed or intrusted by or under them as aforesaid shall from time to time in and for the better execucon of theire several Places and Trusts observe and performe such rules methods and orders as they respectively shall from time to time receive from the said Comissioners of the Treasury now being or from the Treasurer of the Exchequer or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being And that the said Comissioners to be appointed by theire Majesties as aforesaid shall take especiall care that the severall parts of this Kingdome and the Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall from time to [time1] be sufficiently furnished with Velum Parchment and Paper stamped or marked as aforesaid soe as theire Majesties Subjects may have it in theire eleccbn to buy the same of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Comissioners att the usuall or most comon rates above the said Duty or to bring theire owne Velum Parchment or Paper to be stampt as aforesaid or to furnish themselves or others that shall have done the same I*

Provided alwaics and it is hereby further enacted That none of the rates iinposicons or sumes of money

before in this Act expressed shall be raised levyed collected or paid or payable unto theire Majesties by virtue

of this Act by any person or persons that shall be admitted to sue [or defend1 ] in forma pauperis I*

And to the end theire Majesties may not be defrauded of any the dutyes hereby granted be it enacted

that all Records Writtf Pleadingf and other Proceedeingf in Court f of Lawe and Equity and all Deedes instrumentf and Writeingf whatsoever hereby charged shall be ingrossed and written in such manner as they have beene usually accustomed to be written or are now written I*

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted that as often as theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors shall thinke fitt to alter or renewe the said Markes or Stamps or any of them it shall be lawfull for all persons who shall att that time have in theire custody or possession any Velum Parchment or Paper marked with the Marke or Stampe which shall be soe altered or renewed and upon which none of the matters or things hereby charged shall be ingrossed or written att any time within the space of sixty dayes after such intencon of renewing or altering shall be published by Proclamacon as aforesaid to bring or send such Velum Parchment or Paper unto the said Comissioners to the Head Office in London or Westminster or to such other Officers as shall be appointed as aforesaid ; And the said Comissioners and Officers respectively are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the severall persons who shall soe bring and deliver any quantity of Velum Parchment or Paper the like quantity of Velum Parchment or Paper and as good in quality stampt with such newe Stampe or Marke without demanding or rakeing directly or indirectly for the same any sume of money, or other consideracbn whatsoever under the penalty of forfeiteing for every offence One hundred pounds to be sued for recovered and divided in such manner as the other penalties in this Act are directed to be sued for recovered and divided ; And in case any person shall neglect or refuse within the time aforesaid to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said Comissioners or Officers as aforesaid any such Velum Parchment or Paper the same is hereby declared to be of noe [other1] effecte or use then if it had never beene stampt and that all matters or things which shall after that time be ingrossed or written thereon shall be of noe other effecte then if they had beene ingrossed or written on Velum Parchment or Paper not marked or stampt att all And all persons who shall ingrosse or write any the matters or things hereby charged on such Velum Parchment or Paper after the said time shall forfeite and suffer as herein before is enacted for persons writeing or ingrosseing on Velum Parchment or Paper not markt or stampt I*

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person or persons Natives or Forreigners Bodies Politicke or Corporate to advance and lend to theire Majesties into the Receipte of theire Exchequer upon the creditt of this Act any sume or sumes of money not exceedeing the sume of Three hundred and thirty thousand pounds in the whole and to have and receive for the forbearance of all such moneyes as shall be lent interest not exceedeing the rate of Eight pounds per Centum per Annu I*

And be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid that all and every the Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in the levying collecting and receiveing the dutyes ariseing by this Act doe keepe a seperate and distinct account thereof and pay the same in speie into the Receipte of theire Majesties Exchequer weekely, on Wednesday in every weeke unlesse it be an holy-day and then the next day after which shall not be an holy-day ; and upon neglect or refusall of the same shall incurr the penalties forfeitures damages and costs as other the Officers of the Exchequer herein after menebned shall be lyable to which moneyes soe paid in shall be applyed to the uses hereafter menconed in this Act and noe otherwise .*•

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that there shall be provided and kepte in theire Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt one booke in which all moneyes that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall be entered and registered aparte and distinfte from all other moneves paid or payable to theire Majesties upon any account whatsoever; and that all and every person and persons Natives or Forreigners Bodyes Politicke or Corporate who shall lend any money to theire Majesties upon the creditt of this Act and pay the same into the Receipte of the Exchequer shall imediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same and an Order for his or theire repayment beareing the same date with the Tally in which Order shall [also be1] contained a warrant for payment of interest for forbearance not exceedeing the rates aforesaid

1 interlined on the Roll.

•' be also O.

501

5° & 6° Gul. is Mar. c.21.

for his or theire consideracbn to be paid every three months untill the repayment of his or theire principall; And that all Orders for repayment of money shall be registered in course according to the date of the I ally respectively without inference of one before another; And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as theire Orders shall stand registered in the said booke soe as that the person Native or Forreigner his or theire Executors Administrators or Assignes who shall have his her or theire Order or Orders first entered

in the said Booke shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the moneys to come in by

virtue of this Act and he or they who shall have his or theire Order or Orders next entered shall be taken

and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course; and that the moneys to

come in by this Act shall be in the same order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective Parties theire Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without pfference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of theire Majesties Subjects for provideing or makeing any such Bookes Registers Entries [Views'] or Search as aforesaid or in or for the payment of nioneye lent or the interest as aforesaid by any of theire Majesties Officer or Officers theire Clerkf or Deputyes on paine of payment of treble damages to the party greived, by the party offending with Costs of Suite or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his place alsoe ; And if any undue pferrence of one before another shall be made either in pointe of registry or payment contrary to the true meaneing of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the debt

damages and costs to the party greived and shall be forejudged from his place or office ; And if such pference

be unduely made by his Deputy or Clerke without direccon or privitye of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke only shall be lyable to such Accbn Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapable of

his place or office And in case the Auditor shall not directe or the Clerke of the Pellf record or the Teller

make payment according to each persons due place and order as afore directed then he or they shall be judged to forfeite and theire respective Deputies and Clerkf herein offending to be liable to such Accbn Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid ; All which said penalties forfeitures damages and costs to be incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid or any theire Deputyes or Clerkf shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Informacbn in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoign Proteccbn Privilege Wager of Lawe Injunccbn or Order of Restrainte shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided ahvaies and be it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loan or Orders of Payment as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the receipte to be registered then it shall be interpretted noe undue pference which of those he enters first soe he enters them all the same day !• Provided alsoe that it shall not be interpreted any undue pference to incurr any penaltye in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pellf record and the Teller do pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand theire inoncye and bring theire Order before other persons that did not come and demand theire money and bring theire Order in their course soe as there may be soe much money reserved as will satisfie pcedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kepte for them (interest upon Loan being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kepte in Banke for them)

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any moneys shall be due by virtue of this Act after Order entered in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by endorsment of his Order may assigne and transferre his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Order or any parte thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of Receipte aforesaid and an Entry or Memoriall thereof > alsoe made in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Orders which the Officer shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitule such Assignee his Executors Administrators or Assignes to the Benefitt thereof and payment thereon ; And such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignmentf to make void release or discharge the same or any the moneys thereby due or any parte [there1]*

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors out of the dutyes ariseing by this A & to cause such sume and sumes of money to be expended and paid from time to time for Salaries and other incident Charges as shall be necessary in and for the receiveing collecting levying or manageing of the same duties dureing the said terme therein by this Act granted any thing in this Act conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted That as often as theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors shall thinke fitt to alter the said Stamps or any of them that the Proclamation which is hereby directed to be made for giveing to all persons due notice thereof shall within Twenty dayes after the date thereof be sent to the Mayor Cheife Magistrate or other Head Officer of every City Corporation Borough and Markett Towne throughout the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede which Officers respectively shall cause the same to be published to the Inhabitant^ of such City Corporation or Towne either on the next markett day or next Sunday in the Church imediately after the time of Divine Service upon paine of forfeiting the sume of Two hundred pounds to be sued for by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Information in any of theire Majesties

1 View 0.

3 thereof O.

Orders registered and paid in course.

Monies not to be diverted.

Officer taking Fee or paying out of course

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer,

Penalty ; by Deputy,

Penalty.

Auditor, See. offending j

Penalty.

Penalties how recovered.

XV1IJ. What shall not be Preference.

XIX. Orders assignable.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may assign.

XX.

Provision for Salaries.

XXI.

Proclamation of Renewal to be within ao Days.

Penalty upon Officers not publishing it.

6 M

rm

A.1). 1694.

XXII.

The Auditor of the Imprest to take the Accounts of the Commissioners, &c. annually upon Oath.

The Accounts declared before the Treasurer, &c.

Rot. Par/, pt. 5.

rtu. 2.

The King may appoint Commissioners to execute this Act.

II.

The Commissioners may appoint 700 Hackney Coaches in London, &c.

g£50 to be paid for each Licence.

Continuance of Licence.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c.21, 22.

Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoign Proteccon Wager of Lawe Priviledge or more then one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed the one moiety of which Forfeiture to be to theire Majesties the other moietye to such person who shall sue for the same

And be it enacted That the Comissioners Receiver or Receivers Generali or other person or persons who are or shall be respectively employed in the directing receiveing collecting or paying the severall Imposicons upon Paper and Parchment and other Duties by this Act granted shall and are hereby required betweene the Eight and twentieth Day of June One thousand six hundred ninety five and the Nine and twentieth Day of September following and soe from yeare to yeare yearely att those times dureing the continuance of this Act to exhibitt theire respective Accounts thereof to theire Majesties Auditors of the Imprest for the time being or one of them who shall and are hereby from time to time respectively authorized to examine upon Oath the said Comissioners Receiver or Receivers Generali or other Person or Persons Accomptantf which shall be employed in raiseing receiveing or collecting the said Imposicons and Dutyes of what sume or sumes of money was or were by them or any of them respectively raised collected or received within the time of such theire Accounts and likewise what parte thereof [was1] by them or any of them paid into theire Majesties receipte of Exchequer or by virtue of any Warrant of Privye Seale or Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer or Comissioners of theire Majesties Treasury for the time being otherwise paid and to whome and for what service or services; And in makeing the said Accounts to and before the said Auditors or one of them they are to produce proper Vouchers for every sume or sumes of money soe by them or any of them raised received and paid according to the antient method^ of the Exchequer; And to the end that it may appeare upon Record what the sumes amounted to in the yeare for which such account or accounts are or shall be respectively made and what thereof was paid and to whome and for what use and service uses and services as aforesaid and what remaines unpaid and rests insuper upon each [respedivc1] Receiver and Collector the (s) accounts soe to be taken by every of the said Auditors respectively is and are to be declared before the Lord Treasurer or Lords Comissioners of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer now and for the time being according to the Course of the Exchequer in such Cases .*•

CHAPTER XXII.

An Act for the lycenseing and regulateing Hackney-Coaches and Stage-Coaches I*

WEE your Majesties most loyal 1 and dutifull Subjedf the Comons in Parliament assembled being sensible of the greate and necessary Expence in which your Majesties are engaged for carrying on the psent Warr againste the French King and being desireous to supply the same in such manner as may be leaste grievous to your Majesties Subjedf have given and granted and doe hereby give and grant unto your Majesties the severall rates and sumes of Money herein after menconed and doe beseeche your Majesties that it may be enacted I. And be it enacted by the King and Queenes most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That from and after the Tenth day of May One thousand six hundred ninety four it shall and may be lawfull to and for theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors under theire Greate Seale of England to nominate authorize and appointe any person or persons not exceedeing Five in number to be Comissioners for the regulateing and lycensing of all Hackney Coaches within the Cityes of London and Westminster and the Suburbs thereof and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprized within the weekely Bills of Mortality and for the regulateing and lycensing all Stage-Coaches throughout the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed in such manner as is herein after directed; Which said Comissioners to be appointed as aforesaid are hereby impowered and authorized to putt in execucon the severall Powers and Authorities herein after menconed

And be it further enacted That the Comissioners soe appointed shall have Power and Authority and are hereby impowered and required under theire Hands and Seales or under the Hands and Seales of the major parte of them to lycense all such persons who shall drive or keepe any Hackney-Coachc or Coach-Horses within the Cityes of London and Westminster or the Suburbs of the same or within the Parishes comprized within the weekely Bills of Mortality; And that the number of all Hackney-Coaches soe to be lycensed shall not exceede Seven hundred; And for every Lycence soe to be granted for each Coache theire shall be paid to the said Comissioners or some other person to be appointed by theire Majesties to receive the same for theire Majesties use the sume of fifty pounds of lawfull money of England and noe more by way of Fine for such Lycense Which sume of fifty pounds shall be paid by the person to be lycensed before the lycense shall be delivered to him ; And the said Lycenses and every of them shall be granted to continue for and dureing the terme of one and twenty yeares from the date of each respective Lycense and noe longer and shall not afterwards be renewed or continued for any longer time neither shall any Lycense be granted in Reversion to comence after the determinacbn of others; And upon every of the said Lycenses there shall be reserved and made payable unto theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors the yearely rent or sume of four pounds payable quarterly att the four most usual feastf of the yeare (that is to say) the Feastf of Saint Michaell the Arch-angell of the Nativity of our Lord Christ of

1 interlined on the Roll.

8 account or O.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c.22.

503

the Annunciacon of the Blessed Virgin Mary and of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist with such covenantf condic&ns and provisoes therein to be inserted for the more effectuall payment thereof as the said Comissioners in their discrecbn shall thinke fitt

And be it further enacted That the said Comissioners soe appointed shall have power and authority and are hereby impowered and required under theire Hands and Seales or the Hands and Seales of the major part of them to lycense all Stage-Coaches which shall be kept or driven in any place or places within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed; And that noe Lycense to be granted for any Stage-Coach shall continue or be in force longer then for one yeare from the date thereof that upon every Lycense soe to be granted for keepeing or driveing a Stage-Coach there be reserved payable to theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors the rent or annuall sume of eight pounds of lawfull English money for one yeare the same to be paid quarterly att the said Four most usuall Feastf in the yeare with such Covenantf Provisoes and Condicbns for the more effectuall payment thereof as the said Comissioners in theire discrec&n shall thinke fitt and reasonable; that every person lycensed as aforesaid to keepe or drive any Hackney-Coache or Stage-Coach may by writeing under his Hand and Seale assigne or by his last Will in writeing devise his her or theire respective Interests therein and in defaulte of such Assignement or Devise the Executors or Administrators of the persons to whome such Lycences are granted shall be intituled thereto dureing the residue of the respective Interest therein and the same shall be accounted Assettf in theire Hands that an Entry shall be made of every such Assignement in some Booke or Bookes to be kepte by the said Comissioners for that purpose which Entry shall be made without Fee or Reward to which Booke or Bookes every person concerned shall have free accesse to inspecte the same att all seasonable times without Fee or Reward; And that every Legatee Executor or Administrator claimeing Title to any such Lycense under any Will or Letters of Administracbn shall within Sixty dayes after the decease of such Testator or Intestate produce before the said Comissioners such Probate or Letters of Administration or Exemplificacon thereof I*

And be it further enacted That from and after the Four and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety four noe person or persons shall psume to drive or lett to hire by the Hour or Day or otherwise any Hackney-Coach or Coach-Horses within the Citves of London or Westminster or Suburbs of the same or within the Parishes or Places comprised within the Bills of Mortality nor shall (retime to drive or lett to hire as aforesaid any Stage-Coach or Coach-Horses in any place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed without such Leave or Lycense first obteined from the said Comissioners as aforesaid according to the particular Provisions and Limittacbns of this Act upon paine to forfeite for every such Offence the sume of Five pounds ; And that noe Horse Gelding or Mare to be used with any Hackney or Stage Coaches shall be under the Size of Fourteene Hands high according to the Standard : And that every Coach soe lycensed shall have a Marke of distincon by Figure or otherwise as the said Comissioners shall thinke fitt And the said Marke shall be placed on each side of every such Coach in the most convenient [place1] to be taken Notice of to the end diey may be knowne if any Complainte shall be made of them and that noe person shall be lycensed to

keepe more then Two Hackney-Coaches which Coaches shall have every one of them severall Figures or Markes

of distincon in the same manner as if they did belong to severall persons; And that noe person shall putt the same Figure or Marke of distincon upon his Coach that is appointed for any other Coach nor shall blott out obliterate alter or deface the Figure or Marke of distincon appointed by the said Comissioners for his Coach under the Forfeiture of Five pounds for every such Offence one moiety whereof shall be to the Informer and the other moiety to the use of theire Majesties; And the said Comissioners for lycensing and regulateing of Coaches

are hereby required in the first place to lycense all such persons as have beene ancient Coach-men who have formerly

had Lycenses by Act of Parliament or the Widdowe or Widdowes of any of them unlesse they shall neglect or refuse to take such Lycences upon the respective Termes hereby allowed within a reasonable time to be limitted by the said Comissioners not lesse then Twenty dayes I*

And be it further enacted That if any Comissioner soe appointed shall grant Lycences for more then the Number of Seven hundred Hackney Coaches as before is directed or shall grant any Lycence for any Hackney-Coach or Stage-Coach for any longer time then is herein before directed for Hackney-Coaches and Stage-Coaches respectively he shall forfeite for every such Offence One hundred pounds to be prosecuted and recovered by any person wrho will sue for the same by Accbn of Debte Bill Plainte or Information in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster in which noe Essoign Proteccon Wager of Lawe Priviledge or more then one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed I*

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Hackney-C.oacheman soe lycensed nor the Driver of such Coach shall psume to take for his hire in and about the Cityes of London and Westminster or within Tenne Miles thereof above the rate of Tenne shillingf for a day reckoning Twelve Hours to the day and by the hour not above Eighteenc pence for the first hour and Twelve pence for every hour after; And that noe Gentleman or other person shall pay from any of the Inns of Court or thereaboutf to any parte of Sainte James's or City of Westminster (excepte beyond Tuttle-Streete) above Twelve pence and the same Prizes from the same Places to the Inns of Courte or Places thereaboutf and from any of the said Inns of Court or thereaboutf to the Royall Exchange Twelve pence and if to the Tower of London or to Bishopsgate-Streete or Aldgate or

in.

Commissioners to license all Stage Coaches for a Year.

£8 Rent for each Licence.

Licences may be granted or devised, or go to Executors,

flee.

Assignment entered in the Commissioners Book. Access without Fee.

Executors, flee, how to claim.

IV.

Driving Coach without Licence

Penalty s£$.

Coach Horses to be Fourteen Hands high.

Coaches to be figured

altering Figure, &c.

Penalty

Ancient Coachmen, &c. to be first licensed.

V.

Commissioners licensing above Seven hundred ; See.

Penalty £ioo.

VI.

Rates of Hackney

Coaches.

1 manner O.

A.D. 1694.

5° & 6° Gul. & Maii. c.22.

Coachman refusing to go, or exacting; Penalty 40s.

VII. Commissioners may appoint Under Officers.

Unduly taking Fee;

Forfeiture of Office, and Incapacity.

Fee for Licence.

VIII.

What Oath the Commissioners, &c. are to take.

1 W. Sc. M. Sess. 1. c. 8.

IX.

Commissioners to pay the Money, and give Account of Licences annually upon Oath.

X.

Penalties how

levied.

Distress.

If no Distress, Imprisonment.

XI.

Offences (Exception) determined by the Commissioners.

XII.

In A£U«>ns for executing this A A, General Issue may be pleaded.

Double Costs.

Xfil.

No Certiorari.

thereaboutf Eighteene pence and soe from the same places to the said Inns of Court as aforesaid and the like Rates from and to any place att the like distance with the places before menebned; And if any Coachman shall refuse to goe att or shall exact more for his hire then the severall rates hereby limitted he shall for every such Offence forfeite the sume of Forty shillingf

And be it further enacted That the said Commissioners may appointe such other Officer or Officers under them as they shall finde necessary for the carrying on the said service with such moderate allowances as shall be fitt and the said Comissioners and other Officers under them and every of them are hereby required not to take or demand directly or indirectly of any person for theire Lycences any sfime of money or other gratuity or consideracbn whatsoever other then what is herein directed to be paid to theire Majesties nor to take or demand any fee or reward from any person or persons for any thing by them to be done in execucbn of theire respective Offices or Employment^ other then from theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors upon paine to forfeite for every such Offence theire respective Offices and Employment^ and to be incapable of any new grant thereof excepte only that it shall be lawfull for the Clerkf for theire paines in writeing and ingrossing each Lycence to have and receive the sume of Two shillingf and six pence and noe more

And be it further enacted That the said Comissioners and every of them and every Officer to be appointed under them shall before Two or more of the said Comissioners take an Oath for the due and faithfull execucon of theire respective Offices and Employmentf and shall likewise take the Oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the First yeare of theire Majesties Raigne entituled An Act for the abrogateing the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointeing other Oaths which said Oaths the said Comissioners or any Two of them are hereby impowered to administer And that noe person nor [persons'] shall be capable of interineddleing with the execucbn of the powers and authorityes by this Act granted or any of them other then the power of administering the aforesaid Oaths to theire fellow Comissioners untill they shall have taken the said Oaths as aforesaid I*

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all the sumes of money Rents and Revenues by this Act ariseing over and above what shall be sufficient for Sallaries and other incident Charges for collecting or manageing the same shall from time to time be annually paid by the said Comissioners or such other person or persons as shall be appointed by theire Majesties to receive the same into the Rcceipte of theire Majesties Exchequer; And the said Comissioners shall upon Oaths deliver Bookes of Accounts fairely written containeing all the Lycenses granted and the names and simames of the respective persons to whome such Lycences are granted and the Rents and Profittf thereby accrewed unto the Comissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being once in every yeare or oftner if required |-

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Fynes Rents Forfeitures and Penaltyes that shall

growe due and payable by virtue of this Act or breach of any Orders or Bylawes that shall be made by the said Comissioners in pursuance of the authority to them given by this Act for that purpose shall be levyed by distresse of the goods and chattles of the Offender or Offenders by warrant under the hands and seales of the said Comissioners or any Three or more of them which shall be sold within Tenne dayes and the overplus (all charges being allowed) shall be returned to the Owner and in dclaulte of distresse or non payment the person or persons

neglecting or refuseing to pay shall by warrant under the hands and seales of the said Comissioners or any Three

or more of them be edmitted to prison there to continue without baile or mainprize till he or they have paid such Rent Fine Forfeiture or Penaltie as was due from him or them

And be it further enacted That all the Offences against this Act or any thing therein conteined (other then the

Offences of the Comissioners themselves) shall be heard and determined in a sumary way by the said Comissioners or any Three or more of them upon the Oath of One or more credible witnesses (the Party accused being sumoned

to make his defence) or upon the confession of the party offending and one moiety of all the Forfeitures and

Penaltyes to be incurred by this Act shall be to theire Majesties theire Heires and Successors and the other Moiety to the Informer

And be it further enacted That if any person or persons shall att any time be sued or prosecuted for any

thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act he or they shall or may plead the Generali

Issue and give this Act in evidence for his defence and if upon a tryall a verdiCt shall passe for the Defendant

or Defendants or judgment shall be given against the Plaintiffe or Plaintifff upon Demurrer or the Plaintiff'e or

Plaintift'f be nonsuit discontinue or forbeare prosecuteing theire said Accbns then such Defendant and Defendants shall have double costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes for which costs he shall have such remedy as in other cases where costs are by Lawe given to Defendants

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That noe Writt or Writtf of Certiorari shall supersede execucbn or other proceedeingf upon any Order or Orders made by the said Comissioners in pursuance of this Act but that execucbn and other proceedingf shall and may be had and made thereupon any such Writt or Writtf or Allowance thereof notwithstanding

1 interlined on the Roll.

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c.22.

505

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the better regulateing and ordering such persons who shall be lycensed to keepe Hackney or Stage-Coaches as aforesaid and to prevent Disturbances and other inconveniencies in the Streetes and Highwayes where such Coaches shall stand or be driven and for punishment thereof it shall and may be lawfull for the said Comissioners or the major parte of them from time to time to make such Orders By-lawes and Ordinances to binde such persons only who shall have lycenses to keepe Coaches theire Executors Administrators and Assignes and to annex such reasonable penaltyes and forfeitures for the breach thereof as to them in theire discrecon shall seeme fitt soe as such Orders Bylawes or Ordinances be made agreeable to the true intent and meaneing of this Act and for the better putting in execucon thereof and for the good government and regulation of the persons lycensed to keepe Coaches and soe as they doe not containe any thing repugnant to the lawes of the Realme )•

And be it further enacted That upon payment of the severall sumes of Fifty pounds hereby appointed to be paid as a Fine upon granting Lycenses and upon payment of the respective Rents thereupon to be reserved as

they shall growe due the said Comissioners or such other person or persons who shall be appointed as aforesaid

to receive the same shall give acquittances gratis to the respective persons soe paying the same under theire hands and seales which acquittances shall be a sufficient discharge to the persons paying the same

Provided neverthelesse and it is enacted That such Rules Orders and By-lawes soe to be made by the said

Comissioners shall be allowed and approved by the Lord Chancellor Lord Keeper or Lords Comissioners of the

Greate Seale of England for the time being and the Two Chiefe Justices of cither Bench and the Lord Chiefe

Baron of the Exchequer or any Three of them And after such allowance the same shall be printed and made publicke: And the breach of any of the Rules and Orders appointed by this Act and the penalties thereupon and the Rules Orders and By-lawes to be made by the said Comissioners and allowed as aforesaid and the forfeitures and penalties thereupon shall be punishable and inflicted and putt in execucon by any Justice of the Peace Mayor Bayliffe or other Magistrate of the County City or Place where such Offence shall be comitted in as full and ample

manner as the said Comissioners hereby to be appointed might doe the same and as if the said By-lawes Rules

and Orders were particularly incerted in this present Act: But noe person shall be twice punished for the same Offence

And whereas by one Act of Parliament made in the Nine and twentieth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for the better observacon of the Lords Day comonly called Sunday; the standing to hire and driveing of Hackney-Coaches on the Lords day are restrained; And whereas the said restrainte is many times found to be inconvenient aswell in order to the observafbn of the day as otherwise Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Cdmissioners to appointe (without any fee or reward for the same) One hundred seaventy five and noe more of the said Hackney-Coaches to ply stand and drive on the Lords Day within the weekely bills of Mortality only ; so as the wholl number of Seaven hundred may be imployed successively

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if att any time after the said Four and twentieth day of June any Hackney-Coach shall ply stand and drive upon the Lords day other then such as shall be soe appointed as aforesaid and for the dayes only for which they shall be respectively appointed as aforesaid or any where else [then1] within the weekely Bills of Mortality the Owner of such Coach shall forfeite the sume of Five pounds to be recovered by such person as shall sue for the same by accon of Debt Bill Plainte or Informacon wherein noe Proteccon Priviledge or Wager of Lawe or more then one Imparlance shall be allowed

And for the more effectuall discovery of such Coaches as shall offend herein Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners shall direct to be printed and made publicke one List or Account of all the particular numbers of such Hackney-Coaches as shall be appointed for every Lords day successively throughout the yeare '•

And it is hereby further enacted That an account of the profittf and dutyes ariseing by virtue of this Act shall every yeare dureing the continuance thereof be made up before the Auditors of the Imprest And if any person or persons Bodyes Politicke or Corporate shall att any time hereafter procure or accepte from theire Majesties theire Heires or Successors any pension gift or grant for yeares or life or any other estate or any sume or sumes of money out of the Revenue ariseing by virtue of this Act that then ever)' such grant shall be void and the person or persons procureing or accepting the same shall forfeite the sume of Five hundred pounds the one moiety of which forfeiture shall be to the use of the Poore of the Parish where the said Offender shall inhabitt and the other moiety to him that shall sue for the same by accbn of Debt Bill Plainte or Informacon in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record

Xiv.

Commissioners may make Bye Laws, Ate. to bind the Coachmen

and annex Penalties.

XV.

Acquittances for Rents, &c. by Commissioners gratis.

XVI.

Bye Laws to be approved by Lord Chancellor, &c. and executed by Justice of Peace, &c.

Penalties, &c. executed by Justices, Mayors, &c.

No double Punishment.

XVII.

Recital of 29 Car. II. c.7. 175 Coaches may drive upon the Lord's Day.

XVIII.

Unduly plying on the Lord's Day

Penalty £5.

XIX. Printed List of the Sunday Coaches.

XX. Annual Account before the Auditors.

Grant of the King of Monies by this Act, void.

Penalty £500 upon Grantee.

1 interlined on the Roll.

6 N

5°&6° Gul. & Mar. c.23.

A.D. 16.94.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. 3.

Commissioners for taking the Public Accounts.

2 W. & M. Scss. 2. c. 11.

4 &5 (4) W. fc M. c. 11.

revived and continued.

Treasury to issue Money for Salaries,

&c.

Power to Commissioners to take Account of Monies granted by c. 1. ante, and of other the Revenue

pursuant to 3 W.& M. c. 6.

II.

Commissioners to take Oath.

Form of Oath.

in.

Commissioners to summon Commissioners, &c. of certain Transport Ships to account.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Act for appointing and enableing Comissioners to examine take and state the Publickc Accomptf

of the Kingdome '•

FOR the better takeing stateing and examining of the Publicke Accomptf of theire Majesties treasure and the better encouragement of theire Majesties good Subjedf to sustaine the greate payment f upon them for the prosecuc&n of the psent warr against France and the supporte of theire Majesties Govemement Be it enabled by the King and Queenes most excellent Majesties by and with the advise and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and C.omons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That Robert Harley Esquire Sir Thomas Pope-Blunt Baronett Paul Foley Esquire Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Charles Hutchinson Esquire Sir Edward Abney Knight and Sir James Houblon Knight shall be and are hereby constituted Comissioners for examining takeing and stateing of the accomptf of all money of the Publicke Revenue of the Crowne and all other Accomptf which were by one Act of Parliament made in the Second yeare of their Majesties Raigne endtuled An Act for appointing and enableing Comissioners to examine take and state the publicke accomptf of the Kingdome And one other Act made in the Fourth and Fifth yeares of theire Majesties Raigne entituled An Act for examining takeing and stateing the Publicke Accomptf of this Kingdome to be taken examined and stated by the Comissioners by the said Act constituted or any Five or more of them respectively appointed by virtue of the said Adf or either of them And that the said Adf be and are hereby revived and continued and in force from the Four and twentieth day of Aprill in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety four to the Five and twentieth day of Aprill which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and five and shall be executed with all the powers therein contained by the Comissioners herein named or any Four or more of them ; And that the Lords Comissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer of England for the time being shall and are hereby authorized and required to issue and pay or cause to be issued and paid the like yearely allowances for payment of Clerkf and other charges as are in the first recited Act directed And the like quarterly paymentf to every of the said Comissioners hereby constituted as are appointed to be paid to the Comissioners therein named; And the said Comissioners by this Act constituted as aforesaid or any Four or more of them shall and have hereby power to take an accompt of all moneys granted to theire Majesties by one Ad made in this psent Session of Parliament entituled An Act for granting to theire Majesties an Aide of Four shillingf in the pound for one yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against France And of all other moneys that have beene or shall be granted to theire Majesties in this psent Session of Parliament; And of all other theire Majesties treasure or other publicke money due or payable to theire Majesties on the Fifth day of November One thousand six hundred eighty eight or att any time betweene the said Fifth day of November and the said Five and twentieth day of Aprill which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five not yet accompted for by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Adf or either of them or the last Clause touching publicke accomptf made and enacted in one Ad made in the Third yeare of theire Majesties Raigne entituled An Act for raiseing Money by a Poll payable quarterly for One yeare for the carrying on a vigorous Warr against France

And be it further enacted, That two of the said Comissioners first named in this Act before they enter upon the execuc&n of the same shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or Master of the Rolls for the time being which they and either of them are hereby authorized and required to administer to them the tenor whereof shall be as followeth (that is to say

I A.B. doe sweare that according to the best of my skill and knowledge I shall faithfully impartially and truly demeane my selfe in examining and takeing the accomptf of all such sume or sumes of money and other things brought or to be brought before me in execueon of one Ad entituled An Act for appointing and enableing Comissioners to examine take and state the Publicke Accomptf of the Kingdome according to the tenor and purport of the said Act *.•

And every other of the said Comissioners in the Ad named before he enters upon the execueon of the said Act shall likewise take the same Oath before the said two Comissioners herein first named who are hereby authorized to administer the same unto them after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That it shall and may be lawfuil for the Comissioners appointed by this Act and they are hereby required to summon the Comissioners appointed for the Transport Shipps for the Warr of Ireland or any other Contradors for the same as alsoe the severall Owners and Proprietors of the said Transport Shipps and theire Executors or Assignes to state the accomptf and adjust the Debte due for the said Transport Shipps which accompt soe stated they are to prepare against the next Sessions of Parliament

5° & 6° Gul. & Mar. c.24, 25.

507

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Act for building good and defensible Shipps

WHEREAS the Wealth and Safety of this Nation are much concerned in the Number and Strength of Shipping; Now for the better Encouragement of building good and defensible Shipps Be it enacted by the King and Queenes most excellent Majesties by and with the Advise and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this p^sent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That all and every person or persons that shall within the space of Tenne yeares from and after the first day of May One thousand six hundred ninety four build or cause to be built within any of theire Majesties Dominions any Shipps or Vessellf of Three Deckf reckoning the Orlop for one with a Fore-Castle Quarter-Decke and Round-house and Six Foote betweene each Decke from Planke to Planke [theire Hawrses to be betweene Deckf,; the said Shipps to be of noe lesse then Four hundred and fifty Turme and to have noe lesse then Ten Ports of a side betweene Deckf '] mounted with two and thirty Peices of Ordnance [close of which eighteene to be betweene Deckf the said Guns upon the Lower Deck to be Demy-Culverine of thirty hundred weight att least, upon the Upper Deck Fore-castle and Steerage to be alsoe Demy-Culverine of two and twenty hundred weight* att ldaste and those to‘the Cuddy to be six hundred weight att least1] and other Amunicbn [proportionable1]; shall for the first three Voyages which the said Shipp or Shipps shall make from theire Majesties Dominions to any Forreigne parts have and receive to theire owne proper use and benefitt one tenth parte of the Customes [comonly called or knowne by the name of the Subsidye ofTunnageand Poundage'] that shall be paid to theire Majesties for all such Goods and Merchandizes as shall be exported and imported on the said Shipp or Shipps to and from this Kingdome and the Chmissioners and Officers of theire Majesties Customes are hereby impowered and required to pay the same to the Owner and Owners of the said Shipp or Shipps accordingly I*

[Provided alwaies That if att any time after the end of the said three first Voyages any of the said Shipps or Vessellf soe to be built as aforesaid shall be altered or putt into another forme of building whereby they shall become or be made lesse defensible then they were att first building that then every such Shipp or Vessel 1 with all the Gunns Tackle Amucbn and Apparel 1 thereof shall be forfeited and lost the one moiety to their Majesties theire lleires and Successors and the other moiety to the Informer to be recovered in any of theire Majesties Courts of Record by Accbn of Debte Bill Plainte or Informacbn.1 ]

CHAPTER XXV.

An Act for the better discipline of theire Majesties Navy Royall

FOR the regulateing and better Government of theire Majesties Navyes Shipps of Warr and Forces by Sea wherein under the providence and proteefon of God the wealth safety and strength of this Kingdome is soe much concerned Be it enabled by the King and Queenes most excellent Majesties by and with the Advise and Consent of the Lords Spiritual 1 and Temporall and of the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authority thereof That all Offences (contrary to one Ad made in the Thirteenth yeare of the Raigne of King Charles the Second entituled An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the regulateing and better Government of his Majesties [NavyJ] Shipps of Warr and Forces by Sea) which shall be comitted after the Four and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety four may be prosecuted tryed and determined in theire Majesties Court of Kings Bench att Westminster or before Justices of Oyer and Terminer to be constituted by theire Majesties Comission which said Court or Courts are hereby impowered to hold cognizance thereof by Informacbn or Indidinent and to proceede upon heare try and determine the same according to the course of the Comon Lawe of this Realme and upon Conviccbn of the Party accused by confession or verdict or otherwise to inflict such penalties as are appointed in the said Act for the respective offences therein menconed .*•

And be it further enacted 1'hat where any of the said offences shall be comitted out of this Realme in such case the same may be alleadged and laid in any County within this Realme

Provided alwaies That noe person who shall be tryed in a Court Martiall shall for the same offence be againe tryed by virtue of this Act nor shall any person tryed by virtue of this Act be for the same offence tryed againe by a Court Martiall I. Provided alsoe that this Act shall continue in Force for Three yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. 4.

Builders of Three-decked Ships to have a Tenth Part of the Goods they export or import for first Three Voyages.

II.

Ships made less defensible after Three Voyages forfeited.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5. nu. 5.

Offences against 13 Car. II. Stat. 1. c. y. triable in the King's Bench.

II.

Offences out of the Realm laid in England.

III.

No Person triable by both King's Bench and Court Martial. Continuance of Ad.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* proportionably O.

' Navy's O.

( 508 )

Rot. Parl. pt. i.

12 Car. II. c. 4.

Tonnage and Poundage given for 5 Years.

it Car. II- c.4. in force for 5 Years.

II.

12 Car. II. c. 19.

Anno Regni (5° & 7° GULIELMI & MARINE, A.D. 1694.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SlXTH SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Twentieth Day of March, In the SIXTH and SEVENTH Year of the Reign of K. WILLIAM and Q. MARY.

<£X ftotulo parliament! De anno regni dSulielmi et fl^ariae,

§>ejrto et S>eptimo.

IN Parliamento inchoat* & tent* apud Westm* vicesimo die Martii Anno Regni Serenissimi Dili & Diie Gulielmi & Marie Dei gra Angt Scoc* Franc* & Hibnie Regis & Regine Fidei Defensor* &c S?do & per sepat prorogac' continual usq, ad & in duodecimo die Novembris Annis dcis Dni & Diie Regis & Regine sexto & sepdmo (viz*) in sexta ejusdem Parliamen* Sessione coi omniu Diio^ tam Spuat qm Temporal & Coitatis consensu et Regie Majestatis assensu sancita inactitata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequencia hec Statuta ad verbum ut sequit*. Viz*

CHAPTER I.

An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money

payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported

THE Comons assembled in Parliament reposeing trust and confidence in your Majesties for the guarding and defending of the Seas against all persons who shall attempt to invade this your Realme or to disturb your Subjects in their Trade and Commerce towards the defraying the necessary charge thereof and alsoe for the better enableing your Majesties to prosecute the present War against the French King with vigour have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted and doe hereby give and grant unto your Majesties the subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money given and granted unto His late [Maesty'] King Charles the Second for his Life by an Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth yeare of his Reigne entituled A subsidy granted to the King of Tunnage and Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported according to the rates in the said Act mentioned and rules and orders thereunto annexed (other then such concerning which it is otherwise provided or ordained by any Act made in the last or in this present Parliament) and doe most humbly beseech your Majesties that it may bee enacted. And bee it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lord(* Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That the aforesaid subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize bee levied collected and paid unto their Majesties for the terme of Five yeares and noe longer to commence on the Twenty sixth day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety foure and that the aforesaid Act and every Article Rule and Clause therein menetted and alsoe an Order of the Commons in Parliament assembled made in pursuance of the Rules and Orders annexed to the aforesaid Act for settling of Officers Fees dated the Seventeenth of May One thousand six hundred sixty two and signed by Sir Edward Turner then Speaker shall bee of full force and effect to all intentf and purposes dureing the said terme of Fives yeares as fully and in like manner as if the same were particularly and att large recited and sett downe in the body of this Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That an Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth year of the Reigne of the said King Charles the Second entituled An Act to prevent Fraudf and Concealmentf of his Majesties Customes and Subsidies As alsoe an Act made in the Fourteenth yeare of the Reigne of the said late King

' Majesty O.

509

6° Sc 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 1.

entituled An Act for preventing Fraudf and regulateing Abuses in his Majesties Customes and alsoe An Act made in the Two and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for Improvement of Tillage and the Breed of Cattel and alsoe one other Act made in the Twenty fifth year of the

Reigne of the said late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for takeing off Aliens Duty upon Comodities

of the Growth Product and Manufacture of the Nation and alsoe one other Act made in the said Twenty fifth yeare of the said late King Charles the Second entituled An Act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades and for the better secureing the Plantation Trade and alsoe one other Act made in the First yeare of the late King James the Second entituled An additional Act for improvement of Tillage bee of full Force and Effect dareing the said terme of Five yeares.

Provided neverthelesse and be it declared and enacted That nothing herein contained shall bee construed or

taken to determine any Articles or Clauses in any of the before mentioned Aftf which were appointed and intended

to bee perpetual or which are continued by any Act of Parliament for any time which will not expire within the said terme of Five yeares but that the same and every of them shall continue and remaine in force as if this present Act had not been made But such of the said Aftf and such Clauses in any of them as would otherwise determine within the said terme of Five yeares shall hereby bee revived and stand continue and bee in force for the said terme of Five yeares onely and noe longer.

Provided neverthelesse and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Goods Wares or Merchandizes shall happen to bee imported into this Kingdome upon the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety foure and not landed or put on shore upon the said Day all the said Goods soe imported and not landed shall bee subject unto like Duties Rates Paymentf and Penalties as if the same had been imported after the comencement of this Grant any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That Two of their Majesties Commissioners of the Customs first named in the Commission whereby they are now authorized to act shall respectively take their Corporal Oaths before the Chancellor or Chief Baron of the Exchequer or Master of the Rolls for the time being which they and every of them respectively are hereby authorized and required to administer to them on or before the First day of January next ensueing for the true and faithful I execution to the best of their knowledge and power of their several respective Trusts comitted to their Charge and Inspection and that they will not take or receive any Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly other then their respective Salaries and what is or shall bee allowed them from the Crowne or the regular Fees established by Law for any Service done or to bee done in the execution of their employment in the Customs on any Account whatsoever And every other of the said Commissioners and the Patent Officers and every of their Depudes Clerkf or Servantf and all other Officers who have or shall have any employment in or about their Majesties Customes within the Port of London shall before the First day of February next ensueing or att their respective Admissions hereafter to their respective employmentf take the said Oath before any Two Commissioners of the Customes who are hereby authorized to administer the same unto them after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid And all and every Qsuch'] other Patent Officers and every of their Deputies Clerkf or Servantf and all other Officers who have or shall have any employment in or about their Majesties Customs in the Out Ports or elsewhere shall before the Five and twentieth day of March next ensueing or att their respective admissions into their respective employmentf take the said Oath before Two Justices of the Peace in the County Towne or Place where his or their employmentf shall bee who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same accordingly And when any new Commission shall bee att any uine hereafter made or granted for the constituteing of Commissioners of the Customes the said Oath shall bee administered and taken in like manner by the several and respective new Comissioners as is before directed And if any of the said Comissioners or Officers their Depudes Clerkf or Servantf shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oath in such manner as is hereby directed and appointed every such person soe refuseing or neglecting shall forfeit such his Office or Employment.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the persons hereby respectively authorized and required to administer the Oath hereby appointed to bee taken shall certifie the takeing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to bee held for the County City or Place where such Oath shall bee administred and taken which Cerdficate shall bee recorded and kept amongst the Rolls of the said General Quarter Sessions.

And least any doubt should arise by the intermission or discontinuance of the dudes hereby granted whether Debentures for any Goods and Merchandize exported or any Allowances or Abatementf for any damage or defeftf upon any Goods or Merchandize imported or for Over-entries which according to the ordinary course of the Customes ought to have been made or paid shall bee due and payable out of the duties hereby granted It is hereby further enacted That all such Debentures Allowances and Abatementf as have incurred or growne due according to the comon Rules and Course of the Customs since the Foure and twentieth day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety shall still remaine due and payable and bee allowed in their ordinary course as if noe such intermission or discontinuance had been made.

14.(13 & 14) Car.II. c. I I.

22 Car. II. c.13.

25 Car. II. c.6.

c. 7.

1 Jac. II. c.19.

In force for Five Years.

in.

Proviso for the said Acts.

IV.

Goods imported and not landed upon 25th Dec. to pay Duty.

V.

Commissioners and Officers of Customs to take Oath of Execution of Act.

Patent Officers and their Deputies, &c. to take the said Oaths.

Neglecting, See. to take the said Oath, Forfeiture of Office.

VI.

Taking Oath to be certified to Quarter

Sessions.

VII.

Debentures,&c. due since 24th Dec. to be paid.

1 O. omits.

A.D.\69\

Rot. Parl. pt. I. nu. 2.

Parliament to be held once in Three Years at the least.

II.

Writs to be issued once in Three Years.

m.

No Parliament to continue longer than Three Years.

IV.

Present Parliament to cease i st Nov. 1696.

Rot. Parl. pi. 2.

All Persons for Personal Estate.

(Exception)

to pay 4s. in the Pound on the yearly Value, that is to say, 24s. for every £100 worth.

II.

Publick Officers (Exception of Military Officers, &c.)

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. q.% 3.

CHAPTER II.

An Acr for the frequent Meeting and calling of Parliaments.

WHEREAS by the ancient Laws and Statutes of this Kingdome frequent Parliamentf ought to bee held And whereas frequent and new Parliament^ tend very much to the happy union and good agreement of the King and People Wee your Majesties most loyal and obedient Subjects the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled doe most humbly beseech your most excellent Majesties that it may bee declared and enacted in this present Parliament and it is hereby declared and enabled by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from henceforth a Parliament shall bee hoi den once in Three years att the least.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That within Three yeares att the farthest from and after the Dissolution of this present Parliament and soe from time to time for ever hereafter within Three yeares att the farthest from and after the determination of every other Parliament Legal Writtf under the Great Seal shall bee issued by directions of your Majesties your Heires and Successors for calling assembling and holding another new Parliament.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from henceforth noe Parliament whatsoever that shall att any time hereafter bee called assembled or held shall have any continuance longer then for Three yeares onely att the farthest to bee accounted from the day on which by the Writtf of Sumons the said Parliament shall bee appointed to meet.

And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That this present Parliament shall cease and determine on the First day of November which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety six unlesse their Majesties shall think fitt to dissolve it sooner.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for granting to his Majestie an Aide of Four shillingf in the Pound for One Yeare and for applying the yearely sume of Three hundred thousand Pounds for Five yeares out of the Dutyes of Tunnage and Poundage and other sumes of money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported for carrying on the W'arr against France with vigour I*

WEE your Majesties most dutifull and loyal Subjects the Comons in Parliament assembled acknowledging with all humility and thankfullnesse your Majesties abundant care of our preservacbn and being deepely sensible of that extraordinary charge and expence with which your Majesties psent occasions are to be supported for the necessarye defence of your Realmes, and the psecucbn of the Warr against France with vigour both by Sea and Land have cheerefully and unanimously given and granted and doe hereby give and grant unto your most excellent Majestie the Rates and Assessement herein after menebned to be raised and levyed in manner followeing And doe most humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted I. And be it Enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritye of the same That his Majestie shall have and receive the Rates and Assessementf hereafter menebned of and from every Person Spirituall and Temporall of what estate or degree soever he or they bee which said Rates or Assessementf shall be taxed assessed levyed and paid into his Majesties receipt of Exchequer according to the tenour of this Act and in manner and forme followeing (that is to say) That all and every person and persons bodyes politique and corporate guilds and fraternities within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed haveing any Estate in ready moneyes or in any debts whatsoever oweing to them within this Realme or without or haveing any Estate in Goods Wares Merchandizes or other Chattellf or Personall Estate whatsoever within this Realme or without belonging to or in Trust for them (excepte and out of the pmisses deducted such sumes of money as he or they doe bona fide owe and such debts oweing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the Comissioners appointed by this Act and alsoe the stocke upon Lands and such Goods as are used for Housholdstuffe) shall yeild and pay unto his Majestie Four shillingf in the pound according to the true yearely value thereof for One yeare (that is to say) For every hundred pounds of such ready money and Debts and for every hundred pounds worth of such Goods Wares Merchandizes or other Chattellf or other Personall Estate the sume of Four and twenty shillingf and soe after that rate for every greater or lesser sume or quantity to be assessed levyed and collected in maner hereafter menebned.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons Comissioner or Comissioners haveing useing or exerciseing any publick Office or Employment of Profitt (such Military Officers who are or shall be in muster by the Muster-Master Generali of the Army or in pay in his Majesties Army Navy or Ordnance in respect of such Offices only excepted) and all and every theire Agents Clerkes Secondaryes Substitutes

J.1)1694.

511

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

and other inferiour Ministers whatsoever shall yeild and pay unto his Majestie the sume of Foure shillingf for every Twenty shillingf which he or they doe receive in One yeare by virtue of any Salaries Gratuity Bounty Money Reward Fees or Profittf to him or them accruing, for or by reason or occasion of theire severall Offices or Employment^ to be assessed imposed levyed and collected in such manner as hereafter is mentioned

And to the end a further aid and supply for his Majesties occasions may be raised by a charge upon all Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf with as much equality and indifference as is possible by a Pound Rate of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the true yearely value for one yeare and noe longer Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Mannors Messuages Lands and Tenementf As alsoe all Quarries Mynes of Coal Tyn or Lead Copper Mundick-Iron or other Mynes Iron-Works Salt Springs and Salt Works All Allome Mynes or Works All Parks Chases Warrens Woods Underwoodf Coppices and all Fishingf Tythes Tollf Annuities and all other yearely Profittf whether the same be issueing out of Lands or Tenementf or be otherwise payable and all Hereditamentf of what nature or kinde soever they be scituate lying and being happening or ariseing within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or within any the Countyes Cytyes Boroughs Towns Divisions Rideingf Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and Places thereof aswell within ancient demesne and other Liberties and Priviledged Places as without shall be and are hereby charged for one yeare only and noe longer with the sume of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the full yearely value and soe in pporc6n for any greater or lesser value And all and every person and persons bodies politicke and corporate guilds inisteries fraternities and brotherhoodf whether corporate or not corporate haveing or holding any Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf or other the pmisses shall yeild and pay unto his Majestye the sume of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf by the yeare which the said Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and other the phnisses are now worth to be leased if the same were truly and (bona fide) leased or demised att a Rack Rent and according to the full true yearely value thereof without any respect had to the psent Rents reserved for the same if such Rents have beene reserved upon such Leases or Estates made for which any fyne or income hath beene paid or secured or have beene lessened or abated upon consideracon of money laid out for to be laid out'] in improvementf and without any respecte had to any former Rates or Taxes thereupon imposed or makeing any abatement in respect of reparaebns taxes parish dutyes or any other charges whatsoever Which said sume of Four and twenty shillingf for the yearely profitt of every hundred pounds value of all personall estates as aforesaid and Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf by the yeare of the said true yearely value of all other the pmisses shall be assessed levyed and collected in manner hereafter menconed and shall be paid into the Receipte of his Majesties Exchequer by Four quarterly paymentf the first payment thereof to be made the Five and twentieth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five )•

And whereas many of the Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Tythes Hereditamentf and pmisses intended by this Act to be charged with the Pound Rates as aforesaid stand incumbred with or are subject and lyable to the payment of severall Rent Charges or Annuityes issueing out of the same or to the payment of diverse Fee Farme Rents Rentf Service or other Rents thereupon reserved or charged by reason whereof the true Owners and Proprietors of such Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf and pmisses doe not in truth receive to theire owne use the true yearely value of the same for which neverthelesse [they are'] by this Act charged to pay the full Pound Rate of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the true yearely value: It is therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid That itt shall and may be lawfull to and for the Landlordf Owners and Proprietors of such Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and pmisses as are charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid to abate and deduct and to retaine and keepe in his or theire Hands Four shillingf in the pound for every Fee-Farme Rent or other annuall Rent or Payment charged upon or issueing out of the pmisses or any parte thereof or thereupon reserved And all and every person and persons who are or shall be any way intituled to such Rents and Annuall Paymentf are hereby required to allowe such deduccbns and paymentf upon the receipte of the residue of such moneys as shall be due and payable to them for such Rents or Annuall Paymentf reserved or charged as aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the better assessing ordering levying and collecting of the severall siimes of money soe as aforesaid limitted and appointed to be paid and for the more effectuall putting of this psent Act in execucon all and every the Persons hereafter named shall be Comissioners of and for the severall and respective Countyes Cityes Boroughs Townes and Places hereafter menconed I*

to pay 4$. in the Pound in respect of their Salaries.

III.

AH Manors, Lands,

See.

as well within ancient Demesne as other Liberties, charged with 4s. in the Pound. Bodies Politic, &c. having Manors, &c.; to pay 4s. in the Pound

as if let at a Rack Rent, without respect to present Rents or Monies laid out in Improvements or Repairs,

Taxes, Sec.;

to be paid Quarterly.

IV. Proviso where Lands subject to Rent Charges.

Landlords may dedutt 4s. in the Pound

to be allowed by Persons entitled to such Rent Charges, See.

V.

Commissioners named for the several Counties, &c. herein mentioned.

For the County of Bedford.

The Honourable Henry Lord Ruthin Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Kent The Honourable Edward Lord Russell one of the Sonnes of the Duke of Bedford The Honourable Robert Lord Russell another of the Sonnes of the Duke of Bedford The Honourable Robert Bruce The Honourable Charles Leigh Esquires Sir William Gostwicke Sir John Nappier Sir John Cotton Sir Anthony Chester Sir John Burgoine Sir Rowland Alstone Sir Pynsent Chemocke Sir John Osborne Sir John Mordant Baronettf Sir Thomas Rolt Sir John Franklyn Sir James Aslrey Knightf William Duncombe Oliver Luke William Boteler Lewis Moneaux Thomas Browne Benjamin Conquest Thomas Hillersdon Samuell Cater John Osborne William Farrer senior William Foster Thomas Cheyne William Palmer Richard Stone Edward Stone John Vaux John Cockayne William Spencer Richard Edwardf

iuicrliiktl oil the Roll.

512

6° 6c 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 169 4.

William Alstone George Edwardf Thomas Brownsall Robert Mountague Walter Cary John Harvey of Thurley Henry Ashley junior Samuell Rolt Samuell Bedford Humphrey Fish Charles Gery William Farrer junior Saint John Thompson Robert Audley John Harvey of Ickwell Thomas Christie Matthew Dennis William Livesay Thomas Halfpenny Samuell Rhodes John Wagstaffe William Simcotts Nicholas Granger John Granger William Whittbread Nehemiah Brandrith Richard Wigg Thomas Johnson George Barnardistone Richard Orlebar John Davis William Boteler of Wooton Samuell Ironside John Eston John Huxley John Nappier William Beecher John Bigg William Norcliffe William Miller Esquires George Nodes Francis Brace Thomas Arnold senior Hugh Smith William Burr Thomas Arnold junior Thomas Brownsall of Roxer Gentlemen I*

For the Towne of Bedford:

The Mayor for the time being Thomas Hillersdon Thomas Christie Esquires William Foster Doctor of Lawes John Eston Esquire John Hawes Robert Bell William Manley William Beckett William Faldo John Crawley Gentlemen William Faldo Draper

For the County of Berkf I*

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Chmons Master of the Rolls and one of his Majesties most Honourable Privy C.ouncill Henry Earle of Starling of the Kingdome of Scotland The Lord Francis Pawlett Mountague Lord Norreys Sonne and Heire Apparent of James Earle of Abingdon The Honourable Bernard Greenvill Esquire Sir Humphrey Foster Sir John Stonehouse Sir Thomas Draper Sir William Rich Sir Henry Winchcombe Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Edmond Fettyplace Sir John Hobby Sir Anthony Craven Sir Willoughby Aston Sir William Kendrick Baronettf Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Porter Sir William Trumball Sir Robert Pye Sir Algemoon May Sir Edward Norreys Sir Walter Clarges Sir Christopher Wren Sir William Whitelocke Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Thomas Doleman Sir Thomas Travaile Sir William Scawen Sir Henry Johnson Knightf John Stonehouse John Blandy John Archer Richard Nevill Richard Aldworth Richard Jones William Chciry Edmond Fettyplace Henry Kingsmaile Thomas Pledwell James Stonehouse Charles Gerrard John Blagrave Loftus Brightewell Paul Colton senior William Paul Tanfeild Vachell Charles Fettyplace Paul Colton junior John Heppesley Edmond Standing Richard Pye Thomas Fettyplace James Perrott Thomas Blickeridge William Wiseman Henry Heyling Simon Harcourt Roger Draper Richard Jennens (') John Whitfeild James Hayes Edward Sherwood Edmond Sawyer Baptist May Richard Southby Thomas Gunter Thomas Turner John Southby Thomas Southby Thomas Lee Francis White John Whitwicke Thomas Doleman Thomas Seymour Thomas Tipping Robert Knight George Harrison John Porter John Plummer Christopher Willoughby Robert Magott John Wallis John Holloway William Angell William Thompson John Verney John Wildman Arthur Onslowe Thomas Garrett Thomas Harwood William Smith Thomas Medlicote Simon Smith Henry Batten Thomas Hoard Walter Knight Bartholomew Tipping John Fincher Robert Lee Felix Calvert George Blagrave John Peacocke John Jennens of Stanford John Due John Dalby Richard Knapp John Looder Thomas Looder John Pottinger of Sudbury Sebastian Leyford Edward Reede Edward Loveden Thomas Reede Richard Palmer Francis Parry Lovelace Hersay John Winder James Winch Henry Stephens John Pottinger of Inkpen Charles Collins David Bigg Scory Barker Carlton Whitelock Samuell Barker Joseph Cowslade Ralph Howland Thomas Heme Esquires Doctor Francis Cash well of Renmam Charles Holloway George Coles William Yeildall Robert Thompson Moses Brough Doctor in Phisicke William Reeves Robert Jenningf John Bigg Moses Slade Richard Skinner James Stone Charles Lush Rice Watkins of Sutton Richard Paine Charles Harrison John Smith Anthony Leaver Nicholas Humphreys Charles Calverly Thomas Stephens Edward Brackstone George Lampard Robert Selwood Richard Pucey John Oliver Robert Blackaller James Corderay Thomas Tesdale Thomas Haynes Francis Grove of Grove Henry Nelson John Blandy of Letcomb Bassett John Bance of Charlow Francis Pickott of West-Charlow Edward Pocock Thomas Strutton Richard Fishbome Henry Peacock Peter Sawyer Robert Mason Richard Cooper Thomas Cowslade Simon Winch John Pocock of Stretly Charles Peacocke Richard Matthcwes Richard Leyford John Wilder Silas Sebore Nicholas Pottinger Richard Pottinger of Burvill John Head of Langley John Head of Hodcott William Deale of Newberry Gentlemen William Aldworth Blandy Waterman Esquires Richard Aldworth Doctor of Lawe Francis Hungerford Doctor in Physicke James Brewer Doctor in Physicke The Mayor of Reading The Mayor of Abingdon The Mayor of Wallingford The Mayor of Newbury The Alderman of Ockingham for the time being The Mayor of Maidenhead for the time being Francis Knight Thomas King Ezekiell Clarke Moses Burley Gentlemen *.*

For the Borough of New Windsor

The Mayor Aldermen and Steward for the time being Doctor Gregory Haskard Deane Bernard Granvill Baptist May Charles Potts William Aldworth Auditor John Ball Theodore Randu Esquires Richard Plumton Richard Hales Richard Fishbourne Francis Negus John Church George Woodson Richard Heale Robert Hewett Gentlemen Sir Charles Porter Sir William Scaw'en Knightf Richard Tophain Simon Smith William Smith Humphrey Graves Esquires Moses Bruch Doctor of Physick

For the County of Buckf I*

lhe Right Honourable Edward Lord Russell Second Sonne to the Duke of Bedford Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scodand The Honourable Henry Bartie Esquire The Right Honourable Thomas Wharton Esquire Comptroller of his Majesties Houshold and one of his Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right

• William Jennens O.

v

513

6° &T° Gu l. & Mar. c. 3.

Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire one of his Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Henry Pagett Esquire Sir Richard Temple Sir Anthony Chester Sir Thomas Tyrrell Sir Walter Clarges Sir Ralph Verney Sir Henry Andrewes Sir Thomas Lee Sir Dennis Hampson Sir Peter Tyrrell Sir Richard Atkins Sir John Packington Sir John Thompson Sir Henry Hobart Sir John Whit wrong Sir Joseph Alston Baronets Sir Charles Gerrard Sir Robert Clayton Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Whitelock Sir Purbeck Temple Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Sir Orlando Gee Sir William Pritchard Sir Cesar Wood ats Cranmer Knightf John Hampden Edmond Waller Richard Beake Penn of Penn Charles Duncombe John Whit wrong Cesar Wood ats Cranmer

William Mountague Serjieant att Lawe William Cheyne Thomas Hackett John Duncombe of Greate Brickhill Alexander Denton Thomas Pygott John Parkhurst Thomas Lewis senior Thomas Lewis junior Thomas Berringer John Backwell Roger Price Richard Greenvill Budd Wase Bazill Brent Charles Stafford Richard Ingoldsby Edmond Waller of Gregories Benjamin Lane William Busby Richard Nicholas Edward Nicholas junior Edmond Dorrell Francis Drake Joseph Neale Harry Tyrrell Henry Stephens Charles Godfrey Arthur Warren Francis Duncombe of Broughton Henry Neale Joseph Haynes John Grubb Johnshall Crosse William Farrar Simon Mayne Robert Dormer of Lee James Herbert George Evelyn Henry Somner Daniell Baker Ralph Lawton Joseph Somner John Proby John Crisp Edward [Bate1] Maximilian Bard Thomas Ligo of Stoke-Mandevill Robert Hart James Tyrrell William Crooke James Chase Richard Dorrell Stephen Chase senior John Thurburne Serjeant att Lawe Thomas Ligo of Burkett Francis Tyrringham Mountague Drake William Lisle Edward Alstone John Nape Richard Berringer Thomas Eyre John Archdale John Hillesdon Henry Knapp Francis Ligo Hugh Horton Edward Leigh Esquires William Hill of Weston Thomas Smith of Beckonsfeild Richard Whittechurch Henry Harris Robert Gainsford Thomas Gibson Timothy Doyley Henry Gold John Sparkes John Theede John Seare Henry Cane senior Henry Cane junior Richard Cockman Richard Barraby senior Nathaniell Weeden John Tanner Doctor of Physick Thomas Hudson Henry Coley Thomas Daverell of Swanbume Peter Dickenson Henry Fletcher of Marlowe John Gibbons Matthewe Butterfeild Henry Corker of Marlow' Richard Style of Turvill Clement lieddington William Hill junior of Wendover William Hyllyar Jonas Taylor Robert Weeden Richard Baldwyn Gentlemen*

For the Towne of Buckingham

The Bailifff for the time being Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronett Sir Ralph Verney Knight and Baronett Alexander Denton Henry Andrewes Edmond Darell Edward Bates William Busby John Rogers Esquires Hugh Ethersey Thomas Ethersey William Hartley Pelham Sandwell, Gentlemen I*

For the Borough of Wycombe

The Mayor Recorder Aldermen Bailifff and Towne-Clerke for the time being the Honourable Thomas Wharton Esquire Sir Orlando Gee Knight Charles Godfrey, and Thomas Lewes Esquires I*

For the County of Cambridge:

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Hildebrand Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable John Lord Cuttf of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Thomas C.hicheley Knight Sir Christopher Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir Richard Bennet Sir Henry Pickering Sir Rushout Cullen Sir George Downeing Baronettf Sir Robert Cotton Sir Francis Pemberton Sir Marmaduke Dayrell Knightf John Willis John Bennett Granado Pigott Devereux Martyn William Russell Edward Nightingale John Milicent William Fortry Thomas Duckett Thomas Buck John Hagar William Layer senior William Wortf Thomas Story Edward Leedf Thomas Archer William Layer junior Gilbert Wigmore Anthony Tompson Charles Baron Tyrrell Dalton Thomas Day Thomas Sclater John Lones Altham Smith James Willymott Thomas Hitch John Pepys Samuel Clerke Esquires William Cooke Doctor of Civill Law Doctor Kirby Theophilus Tyrrell Alington Harrison John Carter Robert Casebourne Robert Flack Thomas Crudd Clinch Guy Chapman [Puller*]

Robert Drake junior Thomas Bendish Gentlemen Edward Pickering Rant of Swaffam Isaac Dowtnan

Thomas Foulkes Esquires I-

For the University and Towne of Cambridge.

The Vice-Chancellor and the Mayor for the time being The Honourable John Mountague Doctor of Divinity The Honourable Edward Finch The Honourable Henry Boyle Esquire Sir Thomas Chicheley Knight Sir John Cotton Baronett Granado Pigott Esquire Joseph Beaumont Humphrey Gower Thomas Smolt John Balderston John Covell Thomas Bainbridge Doctors of Divinity Charles Roderick George Oxenden William Cooke Doctors of Civill Law Tanfeild Leman Esquire Samuell Newton Thomas Ewen Thomas Fox Thomas Foules Isaac Watlington John Pepys Aldermen James Johnson Isaac Newton William Wortf and Samuell Pern Esquires Doctor Greene Gerrade Herringe Robert Drake senior Gentlemen William Baron Gentleman I*

For the Isle of Ely!*

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Lionell Walden Knight Josiah Colvill Thomas Edwardf Lionell Walden Roger Jenningf senior Ralph Peirson Simon Burton John Painplyn Roger Jenningf junior Robert Swaine Charles Bartee Thomas Wiseman William Fortry Marlbourn Carell William Bourne

6 P

1 Bates O.

interlined on the Roll.

514

A.D. 1694.

6°&7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

John Twelves Thomas Towers Henry Goodrick Sigismond Traford William March James Willimott Thomas Harrison Thomas Swaine Esquires Anthony Hammond Robert Drake senior Robert Drake junior Michaell Beale Richard Russell Gentlemen Sir Sewster Peyton Baronett Doctor Lamb Deane of Ely Doctor Henry Hitch Doctor William Balaam Doctor William Cooke David Rowland f John Pepys Esquires Nicholas Mallabar John Jenningf William Tanner Esquire Guy Chapman Fuller Francis Hern Prebendary of Ely Henry Read Thomas Watson Gentlemen *.*

For the County of Chester

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons Master of the Rolls and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill the Honourable Montague Lord Norris Sonne and Hcire Apparent to the Earle of Abingdon The Honourable George Booth The Honourable George Cholmondely Sir Thomas Delves Sir Thomas Grosvenour Sir Willoughby Aston Sir Peter Warburton Sir John Mainwaring Sir Thomas Bellott Sir Richard Brookes Sir Robert Duckenfeild Sir John Warden Sir Arthur Royden Baronettf Sir Robert Cotton Knight and Baronett Sir Jeffery Shakerley Sir John Ardern Sir John Crew Sir Roger Puleston Sir William Glegg Sir Richard Reynoldf Sir Richard Leveing Knightf Thomas Delves Thomas Cotton Nathaniell Booth John Leigh of Adlington Peter Leigh of Booths Thomas Lee of Darnhall Roger Whitley John Warren William Davenport Thomas Daniell John Allen of Bagnley Richard Leigh Peter Brooke George Booth Peter Shakerley John Brewen Edward Minshull Roger Mainwaring Thomas Brookes Roger Wilbraham Samuell Davenport George Vernon Richard Lister John Davenport Samuell Daniell Thomas Masterson Charles Hurleston John Lawton John Chetwood Thomas Whitley Thomas Swettenham Edmond Jodrell Thomas Warburton Austin Leigh Thomas Aldersey Edmond Swettenham Nathaniell Lee William Minshull Reginald Brettland Robert Warburton Richard Wright John Goldsmith Thomas Ghent John Venables John Pickering Lawrence Wright William Whitmore Randle Wilbraham George Lucye Thomas Glasier Samuell Hardaware Joseph Hockenhull John Baskervile Henry Bradshaw William Jackson Doctor of Physicke Thomas Hollinshead George Dod Thomas Latham William Gamull of Crabwall Charles Mainwaring William Glegg of Grange John Hardaware Edward Thomicrofre Richard Minshull Edward Wright of Stretton Thomas Dodd of Edge Dod of Broxton Dod of Hampton

William Oldfeild of Bradwall Esquires John Parker Thomas Hulse Gentlemen The Mayor of Macklesfeild for the time being Thomas Leigh Recorder Thomas Wright William Row John Blagg Peter Wright Aldermen I*

For the City and County of the City of Chester:

The Mayor of the said City for the time being Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Recorder Sir Thomas Grosvenour Sir John Mainwaring Sir Richard Leving Baronettf Peter Shakerley Roger Whitley Hugh Grosvenour Roger Mostyn of Brumbo John William Deputy Recorder George Booth Esquires Thomas Wainwright Doctor of Lawe William Streete Thomas Wilcocke Henry Lloyd William Ince George Mainwaring Peter Edwardf William Wilson Hugh Starkey Francis Skellerne Aldermen The two Sheriffes for the time being William Allen Henry Bennett William Bennett Peter Bennett Aldermen Captaine John Sparke John Hulton Thomas Hand Benjamin Cratchley Thomas Wright William Starkey John Johnson Richard Oulton Puleston Partington Matthew Anderton Edward Starkey Richard Minshull Jonathan Whitby John Golbourne Robert Murry Edward Partington Randle Bathoe John Warrington Thomas Maddockf Michaell Johnson Thomas Ward Joseph Maddocks John Burrowes Thomas Warmingham Samuell Heath John Kinnaston Timothy Doane Ralph Dutton Ralph Blagg John Jones Gentlemen *.*

For the County of Cornwall

The Right Honourable Hugh Boscawen Esquire one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Barnard Granvill John Granvill Francis Robertf Russell Robertf Esquires Sir Bourchier Wray Sir Violl Vivian Sir William Godolphin Sir Peter Killigrew Sir William Coriton Sir Andrew Slanen Sir John Saintaubin Sir John Molesworth Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Francis Drake Baronettf Sir Bevill Granvill Sir Joseph Tredenham Sir John Cotton Knightf Charles Trevanion of [Carthais Charles Trelawney Samuell Roll John Speccott John Tredenham Daniell Elliot Jonathan Rashley John Buller John Tanner Walter Kendall Michaell Hill John Buller junior Joseph Sawle Thomas Darrell Nicholas Glyn Edward Herle Charles Grillf Samuell Travers John Vivian Humphrey Nicoll Humphrey Courteney Sidney Godolphin Henry Trelawney Hugh Fortescue Edward Elliott William Mohun John Kendall John Gregor James Kendall Seymour Tredenham Hugh Pyper John Trefrey Francis Calmady Ambrose Manaton Joseph Moyle James Prade George Robinson William Bond John Clobery John Polwheele Nicholas Morrice Emanuell Pyper Alexander Pendarvis John Waddon John Ennis William Ascott Richard Erissey William Harris Thomas Achim Samuell Ennis John Fowell Nathaniell Moyle Alexander Carew Joseph Penhallow Philipp Mayow John Barrett Thomas Penhallow John Murth James Bond Francis Wills Jonathan Trelawney George Spry Henry Jones Henry Vincent Hugh Tonken Henry Manaton Francis Manaton Shadrack Vincent Thomas Killey John Courteney Richard Scobell John Hickf Francis Scobell William Bligh James Kestell Narcissus Lutterell Edmond Philips John Hoblyn John Nicoll Peter Trevisa Thomas Hawkey Esquires Henry Gregor Charles Bonithon Serjeant att Lawe Christopher Baron Sampson Hill William Williams of Probus Jonathan Prideaux John Williams ofTrethan John Williams of Carvehan William Hooper Thomas Dodson John Clarke Edmond Spor Richard Moyle Charles Kendall Renall Bawden Jacob Robins Stephen Robins Thomas Waddon Martin Ryder [William Martin13 William Braddon Reginald Hawkey John Kestell Nicholas Kempe William Hancockc Nicholas Archer Thomas Herle lhomas Worth William Keyquich John Pennick

1 interlined on the Roll.

6° Sc 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

515

Thomas Johnson James Keygwin Joseph Marke Thomas Glin William Tregey Charles Trevanion of Tregarthen Richard Harris of Rooke William Yoe John Foote of Truro Richard Erisey of Saint Nyott Robert Rowse Francis Achim John Burlace of Pendeene Thomas Vivian Thomas Iloblin Richard Smith of Moorewinstowe Edward Penrose of Penrose William Scawen Richard Remphry Henry Remphry Phillip Hawkins Dennis Glin John Verman Richard Herd John Manley Paul Archer Samuell Gilbert John Trelawney Francis Penrose Charles Orchard Edward Kneebone Samuell Gulley Thomas Hoblyn of Trevaskes Christopher Harris of Carnigee John Nance John Oliver of Sithney John Bassett John Cary Edward Dennis Francis Painter William Veale John Penrose of Manaken Anthony Tanner Richard Williams John Austice of Saint Nyott Nicholas Boson John Harris William Flamanke of Boscarne William Cocke of Holston Thomas Bowes William Brandon Richard Trevanion of Veryan John Robins of Veryan Timothy Gulley John Row of Penant John Foote John Cole John Oben of Gushland Barnard Kendall Gentlemen Richard Weeke of Northweeke Esquire Charles Trubody John Billing Jonathan Tincombe Francis Bassett Esquires Thomas Hawkins Robert Scawen Arthur Vincent Francis Kelly Zacheus Andrew Gentlemen Walter Langford of Langford Hill Renatus Bellott Francis Saintaubin Gaunegan Saintaubin Esquires John Richardf William Beale Thomas Horwell Gentlemen Jonathan Toller John Flammocke John Arscott John Fortescue Esquires Daniell Gwyn John Newman Gentlemen Edward Hoblyn of Bodmin Gent

For the County of Cumberland

Sir John Lowther Baronett one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir Wilfred Lawson Sir William Pennington Sir Richard Musgrave Baronettf Sir John Ballentine Sir Daniell Fleming Sir Orlando Gee Knightf Cristopher Musgrave Henry Fletcher James Lowther Edward Stanley [William1] Lawson Joseph Huddlestone Robert Carleton Christopher Dalston Richard Patrickson John Aglyonby Thomas Lamplugh Richard Lamplugh Anthony Hutton Roger Kirkby William Fleming Edward Hasell John Foster Christopher Richmond William Gilpin Darcy Curwen John Winder junior Ewen Christian Leonard Dykes John Senhouse Andrew Huddlestone Henry Browham Henry Salkeld Thomas Addison Henry Blencow Henry Fletcher of Tallentire John Punsonby Timothy Fetherstonhaugh Esquires Andrew Whelpdale James Nicholson of Carlisle William Tory Gawen Wrenn George Sisson Thomas Webster Edward Appleby Joseph Relfe John Gale James Maxwell Henry Inman Gentlemen The Mayor of Carlisle for the time being Thomas Simpson Edward Lawson Gentlemen

For the County of Derby

The Right Honourable William Lord Marquesse of Harrington Sonne and Heire Apparent of William Duke of Devonshire The Right Honourable the Lord Rosse Sonne and Heire Apparent of John Earle of Rutland The Right Honourable the Lord Stanhope Sonne and Heire Apparent of Philipp Earle of Chesterfeilde The Honourable Robert Shirley Esqs The Honourable Anchitell Grey Esquire The Honourable Robert Cecill Esquire Sir Thomas Gresley Sir Edward Coke Sir Henry Every Sir Nathaniell Curson Sir Philip Gell Sir Paul Jenkinson Baronettf Sir Simon Degg Sir Gilbert Clarke Sir Edward Abney Sir Richard Loving Knightf Willoughby Gray Henry Gilbert Robert Sacheverell Francis Mundy John Low Francis Smith Gilbert Mundy Henry Keys Paul Jodrell John Osborne Thomas Bard Thomas Allestry Esquires Gilbert Heathcote William Horne Samuell Bradshawc John Parker George Gregson Henry Low John Holden Anthony Bradshaw Henry Pilkington William Hunter John Richardson Thomas Wilson Henry Goodyeare John Wilson Robert Newton Nehemiah Pineger Samuell Richardson Gentlemen Henry lleveningham Walter Burdett Thomas Coke George Gresley John Burdett Robert [Wilmore2] Robert Harding John Every Charles Jennens Henry Kendall Gilbert Thacker John Fitzherbert William Allestry John Allen John Wilkins John Harpur of Calk John Harpur of Little Over Philip Prince Esquires Eusebius Dormer Richard Sales William Shalcrosse Gentlemen Samuell Pole High Sherriffe of the County of Derby George Vernon Henry Every Henry Cavendish Robert Coke Charles Pye Godfrey Meynell Alexander Stanhope Thomas Browne Robert Wilmott of Spondon Nicholas Wilmott Richard Bates John Burrowes Esquires Robert Doxy Richard Stubbins Gentlemen Rowland Oakover Thomas Ruddyard George Parker Thomas Parker Thomas Mil ward Esquires Josiah Trott John Stuffin Arthur Low Robert Dale Christopher Ley William James John IIayne Sampson Baker William Wingfeild John Slack Lawrence Sleigh William Alsopp Francis Sleigh Robert Mellor John Botham Robert Feme Joseph Woolhouse Gentlemen William Eyre John Shallcrosse. Thomas Wright Henry Gilbert junior John Bullock George Savile Thomas Legfa Henry Bradshaw John Stevenson Esquires Thomas Bagshaw Benjamin Ashton John Beresford John Bagshaw Thomas Statham Arthur Dakein James Webster John Calvert John Buxton William Bache James Sherrard John Richardson of Newton Robert Hey wood Benjamin Heywood Bateman of 'Harrington

Gentlemen Samuell Peirpoint John Revell George Sitwell Cornelius Clarke John Wigfall Robert Reveil Robert Ashton John Morewood Robert Barker Robert Mower Thomas Woolhouse Lionell Fanshaw Thomas Cotchett John Spateman Christopher Pegg Samuell Ilallowes Thomas Eyre Samuell Dalton John Adderley Esquires The Mayor of Chesterfeild for the time being Richard Youle Roger Coates John Ash Francis Noore Aldermen Andrew Clayton John Stephenson Thomas Burley John Smithson George Milward John Wingfeild Francis Gregg Richard Hall John Dand Godfrey Watkinson Paul Webster Gentlemen The Mayor of Derby for the rime being John Brookhouse Thomas Goodwin Samuell Spateman Solomon Robertf Aldermen George Beardsley Joseph Parker John Bagnold Samuell Goodwin John Gisborne John Aldershaw William Hodgkinson John Taylor Hugh Bateman Edward Large William Turner William Chambers Benjamin Barker William Greave Edward Parker Edmond Parker James Motterain Ralph Brough Francis Strutt John Turner Philipp Prince Gentlemen I*

• Wilmot 0.

516

A.D. 1694,

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

For the County of Devon I*

The Honourable Edward [Lord1] Russell Second Sonne to the Duke of Bedford The Honourable Robert Lord Russell Third Sonne to the Duke of Bedford The Right Honourable the Lord Chiefe Justice Treby John Granvill Esquire Sir Edward Seymour Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Francis Drake Sir Ames Pollard Sir Bouchier Wrey Sir Courtenay Pole Sir Francis Northcott Sir George Chidleigh Sir William Courtenay Sir William Davy Sir Hugh Ackland Sir William Drake Sir Richard Reynell Sir Henry Carew Sir Thomas Lear Sir Walter Yonge Sir Andrew Slanning Sir Arthur Chichester Sir Thomas Putt Baronettf Sir John Rolle Sir Henry Fane Sir Simon Leech Knightf of the Bath Sir Thomas Berry Sir George Hutchins Sir Thomas Trevor Sir [John*] Heron Knightf Henry Portman Francis Courtenay Samuell Rolle John Pole Francis Fulford George Parker Richard Duke John Clobery Richard Coffin Jonathan Prideaux John Prideaux Dennis Rolle John C.holwich Henry Stephens Ambrose Manaton Henry Manaton (*) Gideon Hey don junior Hugh Vaughan Charles Vaughan Richard Carew John Northcott Bampfeild Rod William Langford William Harris of Haine William Harris of Eastlack John Harris of Radford John Harris of Wortham John Bluett John Coplestone Roger Wollacombe Roger Wollacombe junior John Burrington John Fry Thomas Wood Christopher Savery Philipp Shapcott Rowland Whiddon Gilbert Yard Courtenay Crocker John Garland Henry Chichester Thomas Reynell William Stawell John Quick John Gifford senior John Gifford junior Martvn Ryder Charles Iloare John F.llwill Richard Lee William Coleman Sebastian Isaack Henry Walrond John Chichester William Havne John Battishall John Sanford William Fowell William Bragg Sampson Heale Thomas Drew William Cary Arthur Champernoone John Arscott Edward Yard senior Edward Yard junior Edmond Walrond Arthur Tremaine Edmond Tremaine Hugh Fortescue Edward Fortescue Richard Shapleigh Hugh Stafford Thomas Stafford Charles Trelawney Henry Trelawney Edmond Prideaux Edward Lovett John Pollexfen George Preswood Peter Fortescue Thomas Bere Josias Calmadie John Sparke James Hollway Charles Parker John Pratt James Hewis Thomas Sampson William Toms Robert Hatch John Rose Nicholas Ashford George Musgrave Richard Duck James Courtenay Nicholas Row John Found £ John Martyn Thomas Melhuish Edmond Pollexfen Peter Beavis Richard Osborne Ellis Bartlett Henry Luscom Thomas Southcott of Hedge-End Humphrey Berry George Southcott Henry Fry Thomas Southcot of Offwell William Mercer John Hamberry William Drake of Yarbery George Yoe [Roger4] Yoe Francis Gwin Thomas Dodon John Cooke John Trelawney Cristopher Maine George Fortescue Henry Arscott Henry Carew Thomas Gibbon Edward Hollwell Samuell [Wotton5] Thomas Wise Thomas Cholwich Nicholas Cove Nicholas Fursdon John Moore Richard Hillersdon William Hackmore Edmond Reynell Richard Langdon Nicholas Martyn William Bastard John Muddy William Dyer Thomas Parker Ames Crymes John Fowell Richard Weeke Jasper Radcliffe Lewis Ingledon John Speccott John Tanner Arthur Champneys Ambrose Roope Christopher Bale Walter Buggins John Spurway Peter Atkins Anthony Salter John Crowis Francis Sheppard John Davy Moses Gould Richard Duke junior Samuell Tanner Edmond Starr Benjamin Oliver Richard Stroode Southcott Lutterell Arthur Kelly Richard Burthogg and Edward Ford Doctors of Physick Narcissus Luttrell Nicholas Roope William Cullen Joseph Drake Henry Gould Philipp Andrewes Francis Ware William Sparke William Dowriche John Northmore John Langford Peter Spour Christopher Lethbridge Lawrence Heync Richard Nutcombe William Symons Arthur Culme John Harris of Pickwell Henry Moore Robert Burridge John Upcott Barnard Goddard Mathias Jenkins John [Southwell6] John Doige James Bulteel Chomley Doyley Thomas Stawell James Marwood John Land Richard Parminter Abraham Trowte James Young John Paige John Monion Robert Berry William Oxenham John Countee Doctor of Physick The Mayor of Plymouth for the time being The Mayor of Barnstaple for the time being The Mayor of Biddiford for the time being The Mayor of Totnes for the time being The Mayor of Teverton for the time being The Mayor of Torrington for the time being The Mayor of Dartmouth for the time being The Mayor of Oakhampton for the time being The Mayor of South Molton for the time being The Mayor of Plimpton for the time being Willoughby Matthewes Bartholomew Anthony Esquires I*

For the City and County of the City of Exon:

The Mayor Aldermen Sheriffe and Comon Council for the time being The Honourable Doctor Richard Annesley Deane of Exeter The Right Honourable Sir Edward Seymour Baronett Thomas Waterhouse Nicholas Hele John Osmond William Musgrave Doctors of Physick Thomas Gibbon Charles Vaughan William Martin John Pratt Hugh Westlake Thomas Northmore Baristers att Lawe Thomas Ayloffe Doctor of Lawes John Banks John Elwill Christopher Mayne Jasper Radcliffe Nicholas Brooking Thomas Brookeing Richard White William Adams Abraham Troute William [Sealy7] Edmond Starr Thomas Baron Thomas Ford Thomas Potter Edward Dally William Matthewes Jerom King Tristram Bowdage Thomas Turner Francis Cooke Nicholas Webber Nathaniell Gist Bernard Goddard Gentlemen Francis Lydstone Merchant I*

For the County of Dorset

Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Shaftsbury Sir John Trenchard Knight one of His Majesties Principall Secretaries of State Sir John Morton Sir Nathaniell Nappier Sir Robert Nappier Baronettf Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir George Strode Sir Henry Butler Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir Stephen Evance KnightC Thomas Strangways Thomas Freke Thomas Erie Edward Miller Samuell Roll Richard Fownes Robert Freke senior William Okeden Robert Coker senior (8) Coker junior George Strangways Edward Nicholas William Whitaker John Still Robert Seymer William Freke Thomas Greene John Poole Sebastian Isaack

1 interlined on the Boll. * Joseph O. * Gideon Hey don O. ♦ Robert 0.

* Wutton 0. • Southell 0. 1 Soaly 0. • Robert 0.

A.D. 1694.

517

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

Robert Freke junior Robert Culliford Henry Portman Edward Seymour William Strode Robert Williams Thomas Hardy John Williams Hugh Chudleigh Thomas Freke junior George Churchill Michaell Harvey Francis Mohun Henry Seymer Thomas Chafe Hugh Hodges John Eastmont John Fisher Edward Saint Loe Henry Devenish George Parry Harry Constantine William Etterick Robert Browne of Frainpton Robert Browne Thomas Trenchard Richard Brodripp Nathaniell Bond His Majesties Serjeant att Lawe Henry Henning John Gould John Harding William Floycr William Bennett the younger of Hartgrove John Lawrence of Grange William Bowles senior Simon Whetcombe Ralph Ironside John Bowles John Hardy Thomas Turberville Bullen Reymes Robert Oxenbridge Seymer Bowman Nathaniell Napier William Churchill Richard Swaine Robert Erie George Dawbeny John Michell Thomas Skinner Charles Brewin William Sidenham Richard Bingham William Lawrence William Weston Robert Hussey of Stowre-Paine William Filliol James Gould John Burridge Anthony Floyer Nicholas Hardy William Bennet Richard Rose Robert Pope Andrew Tucker William Wake Gerrard Wood Robert Stevens William Romaine Nicholas Browne Robert Browne Andrew Loder junior George Lester Thomas Seward Richard Churchill William Hull Richard Churchill George Barber Thomas Bower John Flint William Culliford Thomas Cockrain William Collins of Linch John Pike John Abbington Lewis Cockram Roger Mompesson Robert Burridge John Edwardf John Strode of Chantery Solomon Andrewes John Fitts Thomas Chettle Thomas Gundry Daniell Dugdale Robert Swaine of Corse Richard Swaine Robert Butler Thomas Hawles Richard Newman John Richardf Henry Henley junior Thomas Williams Philip Taylor Merchant The Mayors of Dorchester Shaftsbury Weymouth and Melcombe Regis Corse Wareham and Lime Regis The Bailiffs of Blandford and [Bridport *] for the time being George Kcate George Gigger Robert Russell Thomas Rose John Oldis George Mullins Christopher Collyer Simon Orchard William Bennett of Shafton Gentlemen Richard Hen veil Thomas Ledoze Thomas Cooper of Shirbome Peter Fookes Christopher Twinehoe of Tumewood Anthony Larder George Strode Sidenham Baker Robert Fry Philipp Coldecott Thomas Windham Anthony Ettericke John Banks Esquires Edward Clavell William Collier Thomas Chapman James Hall William Rose Edward Kennell William Shepheard John Whetcombe senior of Shirbome Thomas Cooper of Dorchester Nicholas Cary [ Esquires *]

For the Towne and County of Poole I*

The Mayor for the time being William White Esquire Recorder Moses Durrell Henry Jubber James Hallybred The Sheriffe for the time being George Lewin Captaine Robert Bennet John Carter Moses Durrell junior William Bowles William Phillipps Thomas Smith Thomas Hyde John Pyke William Street William Minty John Gigger Shadrack Beale Richmond Henley

For the County Palatine of Durham:

Charles Montagu Esquire High Sheriffe Robert Dormer Esquire Temporall Chancellor Sir Christopher Musgrave Knight and Baronett Sir Ralph Cole Sir Thomas Williamson Sir James Clavering Sir Robert Eden Sir William Blackett Baronettf Sir Ralph Carr Sir William Bowes Sir Francis Blake Knightf Do<5lor Comber Deane of Durham Doctor Morton Christopher Vane William Lambton John Tempest [Henry Liddell William Tempest3] George Morland Mark Shafto James Darcy Lionell Vane Francis Bowes Robert Jenison John Clavering James Clavering Thomas Liddell John Hilton Cuthbert Carr Robert Ellison William Carr William Strother junior William Blackett John Sedgwick Ralph Carr Charles Howard Thomas Foster Rowland Place Frevill Lambton Thomas Conyers Ralph Bates Francis Carr Alexander Davison John Morland Anthony Salvin John Carr Richard Middleton John Elstob Ralph Hutton John Jenkins The Mayor of Durham The Mayor of Stockton for the time being John Hall John Hutchinson Walter Etterick John Ay ton Thomas Brass Esquires Edward Shepardson George Crosier Arthur Prescott John Spearman Michaell Mickleton Abraham Hilton Robert Jackson James Cooke William Atkinson William Johnson John Coalsworth Thomas Watson Ralph Holmes Robert Dixon Robert Chilton Thomas Blackett William Hutchinson Bernard Dowthwaite Robert Smith Christopher Fawcett John Gorden William Greenwell Gentlemen Samuell Ogle Edward Delavall Ralph Ord Esquires William Talour William Selby of Beale William Ord Mr Grey of Felkington Gilbert Ord Bryan Grey John Sleigh Ralph Ord of Tweesell Gentlemen Ralph Shaw Master Pickering Master Arden George Cox Gentlemen Edward Slaney Ralph Gowland Thomas Turnbull Gentlemen William Christian Esquire William Forster Esquire

For the West-Riding of the County of Yorkel*

Charles Lord Marquess of Winchester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton William Lord Elland Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Marquess of Hallyfax William Lord Pawlett Second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Viscount Downe of the same Kingdome Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland The Honourable Sir Henry Goodrick Knight and Baronett one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Sidney Wortley Mountague Henry Boyle Henry Dawney and Henry Fairfax Esquires Sir George Fletcher Sir John Armitage Sir John Kay Sir William Reresby Sir John Inglesby Sir John Bland Sir Watkinson Payler Sir Bryan Stapylton Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Frankland Sir George Cooke Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Edward Blackett Sir George Tempest Sir William Ramsden Sir John Wentworth Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir Lyon Pilkington Baronettf Sir John Hewley Sir Jonathan Jenningf Sir Michaell Wentworth Sir Patience Ward Sir William Lowther Sir John Coghill Sir Abstrupus Danby Knightf Thomas Frankland Christopher Tank red William Palmes Robert Byerley Jonathan Jenningf John Goodrick Francis Nevile Thomas Harrison Walter Calverly

518

6°&7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

A.D. 16'94.

Cerill Arthington Christopher Lister Thomas Fawkf Welbury Norton Christopher Stockdale Bryan Fairfax Charles Osbume Isaac Knight Denzill Onslow Arthur Ingrain William Wombwell Francis Foulgham John Ramsden Thomas Yorke John Bradshaw Thomas Yarburgh Thomas Vincent William Ellis William Vavasour Henry Stapylton Ilenry Thompson Inglebert Leeds Barnard Granvill John Lister Ralph Lowther Henry Hitch Bryan Sunderland Ambrose Pudsey Thomas Lister Thomas Horton Godfrey Bosvile John Ashton William Wickham William Jessopp John Lambert Tankred Robinson Henry Edmondf Richard Redman Thomas Fountaine Jasper Blythman Robert Munckton Gervas Nevill John Farrar Thomas Parker Thomas Dodson John Gill Benjamin Wade Henry Bouch Henry Cooke Miles Staveley John Aislabie Hugh Smithson Robert Mitford Christopher Adams Gervas Eyre John Bright Edward Parker John Tucker Tobias Harvey Anthony Fletcher Robert Fairfax John Weddell Richard Sterne William Jenningf Matthew Boynton Robert Baynes Thomas Bendlowes Henry Slingsby John Townely John Hatfeild of Laughton C.uthbert Wade Richard Staynes Bennett Sherrard John Stanhope of Ecclesall Thomas Hasletine John Rookf Rowland Norton Thomas Kirke Robert Farrand Thomas Lea Richard Taylor John Warner Symon Stem Henry Currer Reginald Heber George Towlson Richard Shuttleworth John Auby Robert Frank Thomas Wakefeild William Bethell Francis Lindley Gilbert Rigby Nonas Parker John Moore Charles Newby Thomas Westby William Beckwith Andrew Wilkinson William Norton William Rookby Richard Nettleton William Ingram Esquires Dr Wyvell Deane of Rippon Richard Richardson Doctor of Physick Francis Wheately Physician Marke Shaftoe Esquire Thomas Robinson Robert Burdett John Hatfeild of Hatfeild Thomas Ramsden William Horton Richard Hutton of Pudsey Thomas Edmondf senior Thomas Edmondf junior John Batty Robert Parker Eyre of Bromley

Godfrey Copley John Copley James Greenewood Richard Hewitt John [Southerton'] Thomas Squire Bartin Allott John Jackman Benjamin Watts Edward Thompson William Tatham [John Tatham*] Michaell Wharton John Spencer of Cannon hall Henry Wood John Preston Stephen Wilkf Thomas Hooke Robert Squire John Carvile George Westby of Gilfitt Henry Eyre of Bramley John Dineley John Neale Doctor of Physick Hugh Taylor John Milner of Pudsey Richard Tomlinson Matthew Wilkinson Christopher Grandorge Richard Trotter William Greene of Ecclesfeild Thomas Barlow Robert Sowersby William Hardcastle Thomas Willson of Berecroft-Hall William Marshall James Otes of Warley John Mitchell Thomas Craven Andrew Holden Roger Cotes Francis Elwick Lawrence Knightley Thomas Carlton C.uthbert Chambers Gregory Fish Abraham Hunt Josias Midgley Robert Inman Robert Bell Christopher Dawson Thomas Thompson William Banks Gervas Gill James Knowles William Appleyard Thomas Tomlinson Francis Barlow John Kiffin of Wellinley Gentlemen John Mauleverer John Coates Christopher Weatherhead Esquires The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Pontefract for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Doncaster for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Rippon for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Leeds for the time being Edmond Barker

For the North-Rideing of the County of York

Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland John Lord Viscount Downe of the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Sir John Lowther Baronett one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy [Councellilij] Henry Dawney Goodwin Wharton Henry Fairfax Esquires Sir Marmadukc Wyvell Sir Francis Boynton Sir John Levison Gower Sir David Fowlis Sir William Strickland Sir John liolles Sir John Napier Sir Charles Hotham Sir Watkinson Payler Sir Bryan Stapylton Sir William Frankland Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Caley Sir Christopher Wandesford Sir Thomas Pennyman Sir Edward Blackett Sir William C.hater Sir James Brooke Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Marke Milbank Sir William Robinson Sir John Wentworth Baronettf Sir Richard Osbaldeston Sir William Hustler Sir Barrington Bouchier Sir John Hewley Sir Henry Bellasis Sir William Ascough Sir William Bowes Sir Samuell Gerrard Sir Abstrupus Danby Knightf Thomas Frankland George Marwood William Palmes Thomas York Henry Metcalfe Francis Wyvell George Smithson Robert Waters Roger Croft John Wasted John Hutton James Darcy Roger Talbutt Edward Trotter Cornelius Caley Thomas Strangways William Moore Anthony Wharton Charles Tankred [John How Thomas Croft Edward Hutchinson William Tankred*] Bernard Granvill John Trotter Leonard Smelt Charles Duncomb Thomas Harrison Anthony Lowther Timothy Mauleverer Thomas Worsley William Metcalfe John Gibson Thomas Lassells Richard Staynes Daniel Lassells Thomas Wakefeild William Challoner Theodore Bathurst Edward Thompson William Osbaldeston John Aislabie John Smelt John Hill junior Thomas Gower John Ilopton James Montague Luke Robinson Richard Peirce Thomas Pullen Thomas Metcalfe John Beverley John Beilby Rowland Norton Thomas Craddock Thomas Wyvell Humphrey Wharton Constable Bradshaw Thomas Binloes William Dawson Matthew Anlaby Richard Darley Thomas Hasletyne Roger Covell Thomas Langley senior Robert Buck Henry Place Henry Frankland William Norton George Norton Robert Waller Allen Chambre Christopher Peircy [Hay*] Thomas Robinson Esquires Henry Squire Doctor of Lawe Leonard Hartley John Talbutt Benjamin Purchas Edward Place William Danby George Wright William Kitchinman William Davill Phillipp Prince James Conyers Robert Bell Stephen Driffeild Robert Bushell Timothy Ford Robert Squire Ralph Porter John Robinson Roger Lee Thomas Langley junior John Harland Thomas Lassells of Sowrby John Pearson Daniell Smith Henry Wilkinson Timothy Portington Thomas Tomlinson Thomas Holmes Tristram Fish Matthew Smallf Richard Allotson John Robinson of Easby Thomas Craven Francis Wilks John Danby Thomas Dalton William Rewley Thomas Guise Robert Crosfeild John Kettlewell James Cockered William Turbutt Francis Hickson Nathaniel! Harrison William Sudell Christopher Wilkinson Henry Pinkney John Robinson senior Robert Norrison William Ford James Hebden Thomas Sedman John Saunders Paul Batty William Burdett Ralph Porter

' Southcron 0.

9 interlined on the Roll.

3 Council O.

519

6°&T° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

Peregrine Lassells Timothy Bagwith Gentlemen Thomas Hayes Esquire The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Richmond for the time being The Bailiffs and Recorder of Scarborough for the time being John Metcalfe of Bellerby Esquire .*•

For the East Rydeing of the County of Yorke I*

Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairfax of the same Kingdome Sir Thomas Rookeby Knight one of His Majesties Justices of the Courte of Cdmon Pleas Henry Boyle Henry Dawney Esquires Sir Francis Boynton Sir Charles Hotham Sir William Strickland Sir Henry Saint Quintin Sir Watkinson Payler Sir Robert Hylyard Sir Thomas Rudston Sir John Legard Baronettf Sir Michaell Warton Sir Ralph Warton Sir William Cobbe Sir Matthew Peirson Sir James Bradshaw Sir Jonathan Atkins Sir Richard Osbaldeston Sir John Hewley Sir John Napier Knightf Griffith Boynton Fairfax Norteiffe William Osbaldeston Ingleby Daniell High Sheriffe of the County William Grimston William Gee Henry Thompson Henry Guy Matthew Applcyard Charles Osburn John Ramsden James Heblethwaite Ralph Warton Charles Warton Edward Barnard Hugh Bethell Walter Strickland Robert Mun&on Thomas Langley William Bethell John Stapylton Thomas Hesketh Robert Prickett John Lister of Beverley Richard Remington Richard Gee John Buck Ralph Creyke Thomas Alured Charles Duncombe Edward Hutchinson Tobias Jenkins senior Tobias Jenkins junior Humphrey Robinson of Thickett Walter Crompton Williatn Saint-Quin tin Christopher Lister John Taylor Francis Annesley Thomas Southaby Edward Thompson James Moyser John Moyser William Moore Robert Hollis William Headlam Thomas Cundon Thomas Wakefeild Esquires Hodgson Johnson Doctor of Physick Robert Carlin James Mountaine Richard Darley William Wickham Robert Crompton Henry Portington Benjamin Overton Robert Squire Bernard Lister John Peirson John Gee Captaine Barry Thomas Langley senior Charles Best Richard Moore William Dickenson Robert Jeggon Thomas Langley junior Edward Bower William Bower William Wilberfosse Philipp Wilkinson Henry Masters Thomas Ricaby Henry Barnard Christopher Peircey Hay Esquires Leonard Robinson Francis Blunt Richard Creyke William Saint-Quintin Merchant John Ricaby Henry Carlin Francis Knowsley John Temperton Robert Cream Robert Constable of Carfosse Esquires Michaell Portington Nathaniell Arlash Francis Elwicke Robert Idle Thomas Johnson William Lister George Dickinson Robert Mason The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Beverley for the time being The Mayor Aldermen and Recorder of Heddon for the time being

For the City of York and County of the same City*

The Lord Mayor Aldermen and Sheriffe for the time being Charles QLord 1 ] Marquesse of Winchester Eldest Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairfax Baron Cameron of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Sir Henry Goodrick Knight and Baronett one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir William Robinson Sir James Brooke Sir Richard Sandys Baronettf Sir John Hewley Knight George Prickett Serjeant att lawe Recorder Toby Wickham Doctor of Divinity Deane of Yorke Henry Watkinson Doctor of lawe Henry Thompson Thomas Hutton Henry Stapylton Toby Jenkins the younger Bennett Sherard Edward Thompson of Marston Thomas Hesletine John Baynes John Taylor Henry Squire Richard Blanshard Thomas Langley William Wickham Thomas Moseley Esquires Roger Shackleton William Tomlinson Christopher Breary Philipp Prince Thomas Benson Richard Reynold^ Francis Duckworth Christopher Hutton Peter Dawson Thomas Tomlinson Thomas Harrison William Thompson William Hesletine Robert Squire Thomas Holmes Thomas Langley junior Ambrose Beckwith Leonard Wilson Richard Hewitt Richard Sowray Thomas Thompson Nicholas Sugar Samuell Walker Leonard Thompson John Bean John Buxton William Mortimer Gentlemen

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull

The Mayor Aldermen Sheriffe Recorder and Chamberlains for the time being The Wardens of the Trinity House for the lime being Sir James Bradshaw Sir Michaell Warton John Ramsden Charles Osborne William Gee Richard Gee John Legard John Lister of Beverley Matthew Appleyard Ingolby Daniell William Dawson Ralph Warton Charles Warton William Saint-Quintin Esquires William Carlton Marke Kerby William Crowle George Dickinson junior Captaine Barry William Mould William Catlyn Thomas Harrison Thomas Tomlins and Edmond Duncalfe Tower Wallis William Idelle James Mould Gentlemen;*

For the County of Essex:

The Right Honourable Henry Lord Walden Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Suffolk The Right Honourable Charles Lord Cheyne of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable John Lord Cutts of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Charles Mountague Esquire Chancellor of the Exchequer and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Robert Bertie Bannister Maynard Benjamin Mildmay Richard Barrett Ralph Grey William Maynard Esquires Sir Charles Barrington Sir John Bendish Sir William Appleton Sir Samuell Grimston Sir William Hickf Sir Samuell Tryon Sir Francis Masham Sir Maynard Jenour Sir Thomas Nightingale Sir Hugh Everard Sir William Luckin Sir Robert Jocelin Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Martin Lumley Sir Anthony Abdy Sir Thomas Draper Sir Gervase Elwes Sir Edward Smith Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Bernardiston Sir Charles Tyrrell Sir William Barker Sir Nicholas Garrett Sir Robert Smith Sir Josiah Child Sir Peter Soame Sir John Dyer Sir Cave James Baronettf Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Farmer Sir Anthony Browne Sir John Sparrowe Sir Richard Pigott Sir Thomas Fanshaw Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Gobert Barrington Sir Humphrey Gore Sir Edward Turner Sir Thomas Middleton Sir Thomas Davall Sir

520

6° & 7° G ul. & Ma r. c. 3.

A.D. 1694.

John Marshall Sir John Rotheram Sir Samuell Husbands Sir Thomas Cooke Sir Henry Johnson Sir James Houblon Sir Josiah Child Sir William Russell Sir Isaac Rebow Knightf John Conyers John [Wroth John Bendish'] Francis Harvey alias Mildmay Carew Harvey alias Mildmay Thomas Luther John Archer William Coward Edward Clarke Thomas Dawtry Robert Bateman William Palmer Michaell Biddulp Anthony Biddulph William Pett

William Atwood Francis Saint-John Hem*)' Saint-John Strange Jocelin Henry Gore Robert Honywood John Greene

Ralph Freman Richard Hutchinson Thomas Argoll James Butler William Campion Evan Lloyd William Wright Benjamin Desbrow Richard Andrews Francis Barrington James Altham Thomas Gardner Christopher Fowler Anthony Brampston Robert Boothby Nathaniell Tench Richard Vaughan George Ford John Rotheram Robert Ashton Thomas Burgh William Beaumont Robert Cole John Wale Martin Lumley William Clopton William Lingwood John Tyndall Thomas Barrington John Eldred William Eldred John Fowle Samuell Westeme John Cox John Cooke of Chissell Owen Wynn Samuell Hare Francis Maidston Edward Bullock John Bullock John Lockey John Neale Thomas Harlackenden Bowes John Plummer Thomas Gray John Goodyer William Walker Thomas Weeley Foot Onslow John Eldred Thomas Lynge Gyles Dent William Kendall Andrewe Searle William Frith Alexander Prescott Cuthbert Martyn William Martyn William Harvey William Scott William Nutt John Pennington Thomas Turner John Sparrowe John Cressener Henry Glascock Walgrave Pelham Samuell Wiseman John Mead Thomas Abdy Henry AylofFe Richard Hyde William Mott Nathaniell Rich of Stondon John Little John Edwardf Nathan Wright John Fanshaw John Luther Edward Luther of Miles Francis Bradbury Hains Barlee Charles Barlee Nicholas Cursellis Ralph Creffeild senior Nathaniell Lawrence senior Nathaniell Lawrence junior George Gent Henry Pascall Edward Thorowgood John Hopwood John Godbold John Allen John Larkin Sigismond Trafford James Smith of Westham Robert Bragg Christopher Grange Nicholas Martin Samuell Rawstorn Daniell

Tanfeild Samuell Clarke Robert Dawgs William Fitch Henry Wright John Mortimer William Minshull John

Pepys Esquires George Brampston Doctor of Civill Lawe William Payne Doctor of Divinity Daniell Horsmanden Charles Tyrrell Edmond Hickeringill Clerkf Isaac Lutman Samuell Warner Robert Barwell junior Edmond Godwyn Ralph Hawkins Dowcet Taylor John Bennett William Herris Thomas Greene John Jocelyn Jeremiah Richardson John Savill William Boyce John Potter Henry Lamb Thomas Scarlett Nichol John Stileman John Rayner

Hope Gifford Charles Wale of Walden Joseph Sparrow John Harrison of Braintree Richard Cowper John Elliott Richard Greene of Tolesbury Nicholas Jekill George Wale of Radwynter Nathaniell Rich of Woodham Waters Thomas Coe John Wiggoner John Rebow Abraham Hedgthorne Benjamin Henshaw Heritage Lenton John Clarke of Tilbury by Clare George Coldham John Nevill John Thoroughood of High Eastern William Raymond Daniell Skretton Joseph Fishpool senior Henry Abbutt junior Nehemiah Lloyd John Hurlock John Witham Thomas Hickeringill Michell Godfrey James Sparrow Samuell Mott senior William Mott junior George Asser Richard Williams Urban Hall James Cocker William Taylor of Southweal William Thompson Thomas Elton junior Gentlemen Robert Williamson Thomas Chambers Cheyne Row John Cummins Ralph Creffeild junior Samuell Reynoldf Godfrey Woodward William Moore Edward Husbands John Borrett Daniell Smith of Harwich Erasmus Smith Godfrey Thacker Giles Browne Jasper Kingsman Esquires John Ballett Thomas Velley Roger Woodcock Robert Bate Gentlemen John Harrison Doctor of Physick Philip Betts Robert May Robert Hulson John Reeve Luke Talcott Richard Taylor of Berking John Austen Edward Nurse Thomas Jackson Thomas Edlin Thomas Langley junior John Davis Gentlemen Francis Dashwood Esquire Thomas Cracherode of Cassehall Thomas Littell of Ilford William Walford of Bocking Gentlemen Thomas Bowdler Samuell Killingworth Esquires Jermingham Chaplin Robert Wangford John Wale of Saffron Walden William Holdgate Edward Stubbins Richard Turner of Thaxted William Luckin of Good Eastern Abraham Willmore Thomas Brereton Richard Berriffe Gentlemen Silvester Chilcott Charles Downing Charles Nowes Esquires John Lethieulier Esquire Samuell Thresher Gentleman John Berisford Francis Cummins Richard Clarke Gentlemen I*

For the Towne of Malden:

The Baylifff for the time being The Right Honourable Charles Mountague Esquire Chancellor of His Majesties Court of Exchequer and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Steward Sir Eliah Harvey Knight Anthony Brampston Esquire William Kendall Esquire John Pond Samuell Pond John Matthews John Cockerell Thomas Horsnaile William Hickford Thomas Sizer Hugh Browne William Carr Towne-Clerke; [Captaine1] Peter Robjent Thomas Hutt John Stevens John Brickwood Abell Hawkes James Denshire Ezekiell Finch Thomas Stace Henry May John Strait Thomas Stevens William Coe Thomas Coe junior John Hutt William Foulgier

For the Towne of Colchester;*

The Mayor and Aldermen for the time being William Mott senior Recorder Sir Isaac Rebow Sir Thomas Cooke Knightf William Moore Ralph Creffeild senior John Rayner Nathaniell Lawrence senior Alexander Hindmarsh William Boys John Stillman John Seabrooke John Potter Benjamin Cock John Beacon Nathaniell Lawrence junior John Eldred Isaac Selfe Samuell Reynoldf Francis Wheeler Esquires John Harrison Doctor of Physick John Rebow Samuell Mott senior Abraham Hedgthorne John Savill Robert Moore Ralph Creffeild junior Thomas Ruse Charles Richardson Matthew Scrivener Hope Gifford John Freeman Luke Talcott Gentlemen William Shelton Edmond Hickeringill Joseph Powell Clerkf Samuell Great Joseph Thurston Henry I-amb Stephen Naggf Thomas Loveny William Mott junior Matthew Ive John Tatem William Francis William Bloise Samuell Anger Gentlemen

• time O.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

521

For the Towne of Harwich:

The Mayor for the time being The Right Honoble Charles Lord [Cheyne1] of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Thomas Davall Knight and Recorder Sir Philipp Parker Baronett Sir Thomas Middleton Knight Thomas Langley the elder Mr Robert Seaman Mr Richard Tye Mr Daniell Smith Mr Simon Sandford Mr Charles Smith Mr Robert Lane Mr Thomas Langley junior Aldermen Mr Philip Deane Mr Henry Cole Mr William Rutland Capitall Burgesses of the said Borough Mr Robert Stephens )•

For the County of Gloucester:

William Lord Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Beaufort Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath Sir John Powell Knight one of the Barons of His Majesties Court of Exchequer Sir James Rushout Sir Francis Russell Sir William Kyte Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Guise Sir Ralph Dutton Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Newton Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Robert Southwell Sir William Forrester Sir Richard Cocks Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Thomas Cann Sir Michaell Hickf Sir Richard Hart [Knightf *] James Thynne Richard Dowdeswell Thymas Foley George Pitt Richard Freeman Barister att Law Charles Dowdeswell John De la-Boer William Lane Esquires John Parsons junior John Carter Thomas Hales William Dewy Thomas Hodges William Hall Gentlemen William Baygott Henry Coxwell David Warren Danvers Hodges Barrister att Law Henry Creswick Nathaniell Stephens Thomas Rawlins Serjeant att Lawe Walter Escourt John Browning Samuell Trotman William Kingscott William Dennis John How George Hanger Thomas Hickf Robert Pleydall Esquires Robert Oatridge John Rogers John Meredith John Dowse William Clutterbooke Gentlemen Thomas Masters Richard Howe Samuell Sheppard Thomas Smith Philip Sheppard Nathaniell Ridler Henry Chivers Thomas Stephens Joshua Aylworth George Bond Maynard Colchester Thomas Pirke John Maddox Walter Yate Reginald Pindar Wainman Wyniatt Walter Nurse George Lloyd James Michell Richard Yate William Trye Thomas Chester Edward Smith Richard Jones William Pancefoot William Wall Thomas Browne John Parkhurst William Winter Samuell Dobbins Miles Beale Samuell Skinner William Cooke Edward Cooke William Guise William Selwin Rowland Wood John Cocks William Hodges Stephen Baldwin Robert Cotherington Edmond Chamberlaine senior Samuell Barker Richard Holford Master in Chancery Richard Haines John Stafford Samuell Codrington John Nelm Thomas Trigg Nathaniell Pirke William Blathwaite Richard Deighton Samuell Halingf Henry Collet Barister att Lawe Edward Fust William Dodwell John Marriott Edward Foyle John Browne Thomas Stephens of Sodbury Edward Stephens of the same Henry Cope Esquires John Smith Christopher Cole Charles Wind William Wilson Richard Hawkesworth Edward Webb Thomas Dawes Edward Stephens junior Thomas Freke Henry Greeneway Philip Sheppard junior Nicholas Veal Francis Woodward William Player Charles Hart William Browne Doctor Kimberly Charles Handcock William Taylor Mayor of Gloucester Thomas Wall George Hurdman William Tranckcombc Thomas Walter Henry Weare William Browne Thomas Edwardf George Webb John Jacob John Bromwick William Whittington William Lawrence Thomas Bubb Thomas Rounge John Jefferyes William Probin Edward Machin Gentlemen Robert Dormer of Lincolnes Inn John Bridgman John Langley Pawlett Barrow Eustace Hardwick Henry Poole John Selwin John Guise William Sandys Edmond Brey of Barrington Charles Cocks Barrister att Law William Rogers Barister at Lawe Kennard De-Ia-Bere Thomas Warner William Brigstocke Esquires William James Thomas Stephens junior John Bromwich John Jones of South Corny Thomas Davis of the Bourne John Mayhoe John Arundell Giles Nash senior William Bradley Giles Venveild William Kyte Thomas Snell John Hyett Gentlemen Henry Collett Lawrence Mace and George Townesend

For the City of Gloucester:

William Taylor Mayor Sir John Guise William Cooke Esquire Aldermen William Trye Esquire Alderman Hodges Alderman Browne Alderman Paine Alderman Evings Alderman Scudamore Alderman Hyett Alderman Longden Alderman Wilcox Alderman Rodway Doctor Richard Wintle John Cocks William Guise Esquires Thomas Snell Captaine Lloyd Nicholas Webb Thomas Webb Mercer Thomas Powell Henry Futter William Brigstock [ Esquires 1 ]

For the County of Hereford

The Right Honourable Thomas Lord Coningsby of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Viscount Scudamore of Sligo of the same Kingdome The Honourable Chambre Brabazon Esquire Sir William Gregory Knight one of the Justices of his Majesties Court of Kings Bench Sir William Williams Sir Herbert Croft Sir John Hoskins Baronettf Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Wilmington Sir John Williams Knightf William Fiennes Paul Foley Robert Harley John Dutton-Colt Robert Price James Morgan John Arnold John Scudamore of Kentchurch Thomas Cornwall of Stepleton Esquires Thomas Geers Serjeant att Law Richard Reed senior Richard Reed junior Herbert Westfaling Thomas Cocks Edward Cornwall Thomas Foley of Whitley senior Thomas Foley of Stoak John How Henry Cornwall Samuell Pitt John Booth of Letton Ferdinando Gorges Edward Littleton Charles Baldwin Robert Dobbins William Lamb Marshall Bridges William Dantsey senior William Dantsey junior Herbert Aubrey Robert Chaplin Ambrose Scudamore Younger Cooke Robert Minors Thomas Penoyer of the Moore William Wintour Robert Unett John Nurse Richard Bamaby Thomas Howarth Robert Payne Thomas Delahay Richard Skipp William Guillim of Langston senior William Guillim of Langston junior Francis Baskervile Thomas Wigmore John Kyrle Samuell Birch John Salwey John Goodyer Thomas Harley Henry Gorges James Woodhouse

cm

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° G ul. & Mar. c. 3.

John Walsham Edward Harley Thomas Duppa James Wellington Giles Bridges Henry Wigmore William Wall John Abrahall of Ingeston Robert Cutler Anthony Biddolph Thomas Rawlins Thomas Guillim of Whitchurch John Birch Bridstock Hartford junior William Plydall Thomas Tompkins Humphrey Mayo Edward Rodd John Hereford of Suffon John Holmes Henry Bull of Dunfeild Esquires Silvanus Vaughan John Scudamore of Langarcan Roger Scudamore of Trecella John Carver of Upton Rowland Baugh John Long John Trist Francis Geers Thomas Alderne of Monington John Hoskins of Ponithon William Bridges of Coilwall James Westfalling Thomas Marret John Wellington John Whittington Henry Jones Thomas Owen of Little Brampton Thomas Carpenter of Tillington Essex Sherbourne Francis Woodhouse John Fletcher John Kidley of Fownhope junior John Hereford of Homlacy James Clarke James Wall win Daniell Kerry Thomas Leigh of Hill John Smith of Holmer Alban Thomas Francis Fosbrooke Humphrey Thomas Thomas Berington of Brickhouse John Shepherd James Collins of Eaton-hill Gentlemen Edmond Lechmore Esquire John Noble I*

For the City of Hereford

The Mayor for the time being The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir William Gregory Knight one of the Justices of the Court of Kings-Bench Paul Foley Henry Cornwall Herbert Westfaling James Wellington Esquires Robert Symondf Thomas Paynard Abraham Seward Thomas Matthewes Richard Wadely Aldermen John Morse Thomas Church Richard Poole Thomas Clarke senior Thomas Clarke junior Henry Smith Edward Rodd John Williams senior John Williams junior James Price John Abrahall Richard Gower Edmond Weaver Theophilus Alye John Smith Thomas Alderne William Greene Benjamin Hill John Hill Thomas Rodd James Westfaling Richard Philpottf Abel Isham Gentlemen

For the Borough of Lemster:

The Bayliff Justices and Recorder for the time being The Right Honourable Thomas Lord Coningsby of the Kingdome of Ireland John Dutton Colt Esquire John Thompkins John Jay [John Walton Thomas Harris John Williams James'] Caswald senior Thomas Maningf Thomas Price Towne-Clerke Richard Powell John Powell Richard Jones John Jenningf Henry Browne Jonathan Davis Isaac Tompkins Richard Hodges Gentlemen

For the County of Hertford

The Honourable Robert Cecill Esquire Sir Samuell Griinston Sir John Garrard Sir Richard Franklyn Sir John Austen Sir William Cowper Sir Robert Jocelin Sir William Leman Sir Thomas Pope Blount Sir Thomas Brograve Sir Jonathan Keate Sir Richard Anderson Sir Edmond Anderson Sir James Read Sir Benjamin Mattox Sir Edwin Sadler Sir Peter Soame Baronettf Sir Humphrey Gore Sir Ralph Ratcliffe Sir Thomas Bide Sir William Lytton Sir John Bucknall Sir Francis Leigh Sir Robert Masham Sir Thomas Rolt Sir Henry Chauncy Sir Edward Turner Knightf George Churchill Silas Titus Charles Cesar Henry Guy Robert Austen Thomas Pope Blount William Gore Henry Gore Ralph Freeman senior Ralph Freeman junior William Cowper Thomas Halsey Robert Elwes John Plummer Edward Chester William Harvey George Munson Jeremiah Hales Francis Flyer Thomas Preistly Thomas Drax Henry Killigrew Seymour Tredenham Israeli Mayo Edward Brisco senior Edward Brisco junior William Brisco Gilbert Hoo-Keat Thomas Aram George Hadley James Witteronge James Stedman John Charleton William Emmerton Thomas Emmerton Ralph Skinner-Bide William Bacon Robert Chester John Cockayne John Harrison Mountague Drake William Mounson James Willmott Robert Markham William Preistley James Forrester James Goulston William Allen Thomas Pask John Weatherhead Samuell Robbinson Thomas Stone Roger Conesby Marmaduke Rawden Thomas Arris Robert Robot ham John Gape senior John Gape junior Henry Child Richard Helder John Spencer Goodwyn Barrington Joseph Marsh George Nodes Ralph Wingate Thomas Bird of Mattockf John Duncombe Daniell Sheldon Edward Saires Strange Jocelin Edward Seymour Thomas Bownest Thomas Newland Alexander Weld Thomas Winford Anthony Farrington Serjeant att Law Philip Mitchell William Calvert Felix Calvert junior Humphrey Hall John Yardly Doctor in Physick Edward Ratcliffe Charles Ferrars Pcire Williams John Robertf Marmaduke Allington William Martyn of Watford James Bennett William Lake of Wilston John Leman George White Francis King William Jarman George Nodes junior Joshua Lomax [Thomas Lomax'] Richard Wooleston Leonard Hancock Matthew Bluck Thomas Nichollf of Bushy Thomas How Eignon Bynon John Poyner Newdigate Poyner John Coppyn William Cotton Anthony Biddulph Nicholas Turner John Richardson John Woodhouse Batchelor in Physick Edmond Smith William Greenhill Godman Jenkins John Naseby Thomas Halfepenny John Nichollf of Pricklers-hill John Nicholf of Aldenham Henry Kingsly Richard Hasell Esquires William Wright Robert Bird Daniell Nichollf John Dimsdell Francis Cole Edward Heines Thomas Fish Charles Rayner Richard Rayner John Horne senior Thomas Crouch Gentlemen The Mayors of Hertford and Saint Albans for the time being I*

For the Borough of St. Albans

The Mayor Recorder and Aldermen for the time being Sir Samuell Grimston Baronett George Churchill Henry Killegrew Thomas Arris John Gape junior Robert Robotham James Bennett Esquires

For the County of Huntingdon I*

The Right Honourable Charles Mountague Esquire Chancellor of the Exchequer and one of his Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Sidney Wortley alias Mountague Esquire The Honourable Richard Mountague Esquire Arthur Jocelin Esquire High Sheriffe of the said County Sir John Cotton Sir John Conyers Sir

A.U. 16.94.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

523

Robert Bernard Sir Robert Jenkinson Baronettf Sir Lionell Walden Knight John Proby John Dryden Silas Titus Robert Appreece William Pierpoint Charles Duncombe Arthur Turner Charles Cesar senior John Bigg Anthony Hamond William Naylor James Tockington John Ferrar John Pocklington Robert Pulleyn Philip Storey Charles Cesar junior Robert Throckmorton Edward Pickering John Pedley Henry Ashley Smith of Hammerton

Robert Williams Cornwallis Francis Harby Richard Dyer Charles Shepherd Esquires John Ferrar John

Browneing William Drury John Hanger Richard Wind Robert Clarke John Ashcroftf Richard Hatley James Wright Thomas Wright Edward Mason Marke Newman Thomas Gilbert John Bellamy Edward Checkly William Love Lawrence Blott John Pulter William Sparrowe Roger Peck Jonathan Read Gilbert Tann William Wye Robert Sewster John Mason Simon Mason Thomas Mayle Robert Vinter Lawrence Thompson Robert Thompson Richard Carter Edward Hanger Thomas Burge Thomas Beet Simon Elliott John Johnson Edward Mason John Howell Gentlemen .*•

For the Towne of Huntingdon

The Mayor for the time being The Honourable Sidney Wortley alias Mountague Esquire The Honourable Richard Mountague Esquire Sir Lionell Walden Knight John Bigg John Pocklington Esquires Richard Astrey Thomas Sawyer Joseph Darlow George Merritt William Dowse Thomas Harris Edward Audley Phillip Soper Gentlemen

For the County of Kent

Thomas Lord Fairfax Baron of Cameroon of the Kingdome of Scotland The Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esquire Sir William Twisden Sir Charles Sidley of Southfleete Sir Thomas Robertf Sir Charles Sidley of Saint Cleare Sir Henry Palmer Sir George Rivers Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir John Knatchbull Sir Phillip Boteler Sir Thomas Stiles Sir Stephen Leonard Sir Bazill Dixwell Sir John Rayny Sir William Honywood Sir Thomas Hales Sir Humphrey Miller Sir George Peirce Sir John Banks Sir Nathaniel 1 Powell Sir John Austen Sir Thomas Taylor Sir Thomas Selyard Sir James Oxenden Knight and Baronett Sir John Fagg Sir Robert Filmore Sir John Shaw Sir Roger Twisden Sir Francis Lawley Sir George Choute Sir John Mordant Sir John Lethieulier Sir Jacob Astlev Sir Francis Head Sir William Cooper Sir Edward Bettison Sir Michaell Biddolph Sir William Thomas Baronettf Sir Francis Leigh Sir William Pritchard Sir George Curtis Sir Charles Bickerstaffe Sir Henry Bosvill Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Robert Faunce Sir Nicholas Tooke Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir Robert Marsham Sir Joseph Williamson Sir William Langhomc Sir William Hooker Sir Purbecke Temple Sir Algernoon May Sir Edwin Steed Sir George Rooke Sir Edward Gregory Knightf Colonell Smith Lieutenant of Dover Castle Christopher Vane Edward Rop^r Edward Hales Thomas Knatchbull William [Watton*] Charles Amherst Thomas Rider William Campion Caleb Banks John Leech Robert Lewkner Gideon De-Laune George Harlackenden Richard Bowwater William Bockenham William Boys of Hawkhurst William Henden Christopher Waters John Bennett John Mottle Robert Austen Robert Crawford James Masters of Langden John Tayler Herbert Randolph John Boys John Crump William Hammond James Chadwick William Kingsley Christopher Mills William Turner Samuell Short William Brockman of Bitchborough William Brockman of Cheriton Thomas Moyle Thomas Papillon Francis Bathurst William De-Laune James Bunce George Petty William Selby George Polhill John Hyde John Michell Peter De-Lanoy William Aldworth Edward Wyvell John Perry Major Gibbon John Cooke Robert Gibbon Thomas Osborne James Herbert Ralph Buffkin Bowyer Hendley John Brewer William Broadnax Ralph Sanderson John Packer Thomas Dallison Edward Gulston William Cage William Sanderson Reynold Parkham William Honywood of Elhain John Wilkinson Richard Godden Andrew Brewer Bartholomew Beal William Ash Thomas Lake Thomas Manley John Adye William Fleetewood William Simmondf William Allin John Cony Edward Cary Heneage Deereing John Chaplin Edward Crayford Walter Hooper of Stockbury John Kenard Edmond Fowler Mountague Drake George Sawyers William Huggessen Leonard Diggf Thomas Gomeldon Gerrard Gore Nicholas Cooke George Elcock Henry Oxenden Napleton of Thanett Henry Hawley Richard Oxenden Herbert Palmer Wortley Whorwood Henry Lee James Codd Robert Eleath John Evelyn Edward Austen William Lambard William Wilkinson Thomas Lambard Philipp Bartholomew George Gifford William Bathurst Francis Farnaby Ralph Petley John Buggens John Brett-Fisher Robert Austen junior Alexander Culpeper Thomas Kerrill Percivall Hart Robert Honywood Richard Trevor Robert Britton John Linch Edward Brent Edward King Edward Grace Francis Barrill Thomas Gifford John Cason Robert Beake George Curteis James Fortry John Thurbarne Serjeant att Law Doctor Thomas Taylor Captaine Pettet of Thanett John Courthope Thomas Blisse Nordish Ran Christopher Sherman Abraham Harrison Arnold King Ellis / Cunliffe Robert Plott Philipp Papillon William Henman Francis Waterman George Scott(') Charles Bargrave William Courthope Samuell Plummer William White John Crispe Roger Paine Thomas Napleton Edward Nutt Henry Marsh Thomas Brewer Thomas Washer Robert Michell Jeffery Boys Samuell Shaw Thomas Selyard Christopher Allison Edward [Manwaringf Edward Bettison Edward Tooke William Randolph John Culpeper Charles Kendrick Thomas Marsh Thomas Meredith Humphrey Stiles Richard Hulse Edward Manley Benjamin Godfrey John Bond William Turner Barnham Powell William James John Tomlin Christopher Mason Esquires Doctor William Deeds Thomas Nower of Ashford William Buggen JCdward Boys of WTilborough Captaine Waters Henry DeedC Thomas Turner John Knowler of Ospringe The Mayor of Rochester and Maidstone for the time being Doctor Hatley Benjamin Hatley John Bloome Charles Fagg Robert Saunders Thomas Fagg George Withwick Thomas Brett William Brett John Aldersey Gentlemen The Jurates of Maidstone being Justices of the Peace Thomas Morris John Coppin of Deal William Dixon John Smith John Barron James Masters William Spencer Captaine Courthope George Etkins Thomas Cooke of Bobbin William Tindall Richard Symondf Francis Wheeler Brooke Bridges Charles Cesar Henry Parker Esquires The Mayor of Gravesend for the time being Christopher Waters William Culpeper John

1 Walton 0.

* Thonus Scott 0.

Manarings 0.

5<2 4

A.D. 1694.

6°&?° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

Christmas Thomas Chiffinch Francis Brookes Francis Skegg George [Cater1] Gentlemen John Chapman Barnard Ellis Robert Cony Fettebrace Nott John Ball of Queekf in Thanett Robert Lee Baldwin Duppa Jeremy Gregory Sampson Bourne Esquires William Watson John Watson John Smith of Lee John Skinner Thomas Weller William Bosvill Garrett Gallant Francis Finch William Weaver Richard Elay George Peirce Robert Salmond Samuell Wood William Reader John Bryan George Charleton William Woodyer Robert Holden of Hawkridge Luke Spencer Thomas Plummer Thomas Laniere Felix Cadwell Peter Short Abraham Spooner Gentlemen The BailifFe of Romney Marsh for the time being The Mayor of Queenborough and Justices of the Peace for the time being Jeffery Amhurst of Riverhead William Draper William Emerton Esquires Nicholas Smith junior Gilbert Knowler of Herne William Yates of Gravesend Gentlemen I*

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury

John Brickenden Esquire Mayor Herbert Randolph Esquire Recorder Sir William Honywood Baronett Henry Lee John Cason Edward Nutt Jeffery Boys Willliam Turner William Courthope Esquires Thomas [Taylor1] DoSor of Lawe Robert Cony John Clarke Doflors [in3] Phisick William Watson Gentleman Thomas Fidge Thomas Knowler Nicholas Nicholson Thomas Dunkin William Gilbert John Guarling Squire Beverton Henry Gibbs Francis Jeffery Henry Waddell John Brane Matthias Grey Aldermen Captaine Samuell Brane Captaine John Browning

For the Towne and Port of Dover:

The Mayor and Jurates for the time being Thomas Papillon James Chadwick Esquires Sir Abraham Jacob Fredericke de Vinck John Matson Philipp Yorke Robert Jacob Abraham Stock Thomas Raworth Nathaniell Denew Gentlemen Thomas Bedingfeild Towne-Clerke I*

For the Towne and Port of Sandwich [•

The Mayor and Jurates for the time being John Thurbarne Serjeant att Lawe Edward Brent Esquire Richard Hawker Towne-Clerke

For the Towne and Port of New Romney:

The Mayor for the time being John Maschall the Elder Peter Marten Richard Baker John Chaulker John Norman William Finch Jurates

For the Towne and Port of: Hythe:

The Mayor for the time being Sir Phillipp Boteler Baronett William Brockman Esquire Captaine Robinson Bean William Browne Henry Deeds Elias Bassett William Chitenden William Stoakf Thomas Toumay I*

For the Towne of Lydd:

The Bailiff for the time being Mr Humphry Lee the Elder Captaine William Batchelour [Mr Nicholas Dyne Mr William Edmunds4] Mr William Wyng Mr Henry Deeds:

For the Towne of Feversham

The Mayor for the time being Charles Kendrick Thomas Napleton Esquires Thomas Knowles Richard Marsh Francis Waterman Joseph Edward f Gentlemen

For the Towne of Tenterden

The Mayor for the time being Sir George Choute Baronett Robert Austen Robert Austen junior Esquires Robert Withwick James Skeats William Blackamore William Curteis John Mantle Thomas Sharpe John Whitfeild William Fynch of New Romney Doctor John Clarke Peter Shorte Edward Short Thomas Short James Whitfeild Gentlemen

For the Towne of Fordwich

The Mayor for the time being Samuell Short Esquire I*

For the Towne of Folkeston I*

The Mayor for the time being Sir Bazill Dixwell Baronett William Brockman Esquire William Brockman Gentleman William Jenkin Thomas Fagg Thomas Jenkin Robert Hamon Gibbon Ladd Benjamin Masters John Jordan Thomas Nichollf Ruck Jurates I*

For the County Palatine of: Lancaster I*

I he Honourable James Standley The Honourable Fitton Gerrard The Honourable George Cholmondley Sir Charles Houghton Sir Edmond Ashton Sir Thomas Standley Sir Ralph Ashton Sir Robert Duckenfeild Sir Henry Ashhurst Sir William Penington Baronet tf Sir Edward Chisnall Sir Daniel I Fleming Sir Edward Mosely Sir Christopher Greenfield Knightf Thomas Norris James Holt Roger Kirkby Thomas Preston Edward Fleetewood William Farrington

* Carter 0.

8 Jlmes 0.

» of O.

* Mr William-Edmunds Mr Nicholas Dyne 0.

A.D. 1694.

525

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

Alexander Rigby Lawrence Rawstorn Henry Hilton Thomas Braddill James Lightbonne John Entwisle Christopher Parker Thomas Dodd Thomas Ashhurst James Duckenfeild John Hop wood Joshua Horton Joseph Yates Edward Rigby Thomas Rigby Peter Shakerley Roger Kenyon Francis Lynley Peter Egerton William Hulme John Braddill William Kirkby John Hayes Roger Moore Edward Wilson Miles Sandys John Fenwick Thomas Sherson Benjamin Houghton John Hodshon Robert Mowdsley Ralph Livesey Thomas Brotherton Samuell Legay Richard Percivall Nicholas Starkey Thomas Lever Richard Entwisle [Bertie Entwisle1] Richard Fleetewood Robert Hyde of Denton John Ashton John Byrome Thomas Patten Thomas Serjieant of Pilkington Richard Longworth Jonathan Blackbourne Alexander Rigby Henry Greenhalgh John Crispe Nicholas Rigby Esquires Thomas Winckley Richard Percivall of Manchester Gentlemen Edward Herle Roger Fleming William Fleming Barnaby Hesketh Thomas Rigby Oswald Moseley John Veale Henry Riglcy Joseph Gregg William Magull William Patton Ralph Egerton Alexander Ratcliffe Edward Bootle Peter Ormerod Thomas Rusron Ambrose Barecrofte Nicholas Cunliffe Thomas Bradshaw Samuell Crooke of Copwell John Starkey Thomas Willis Thomas Roughley Thomas Crofts Edward Parker Samuell Hilton, Edmond Hornby Thomas Foster Thomas Smith Thomas Fife William Slater William Lawde John Latus William Leigh John Johnson Thomas Goulbourne William Molyneux Matthew Abraham Jeremiah [Smeshurst*] George Darbisheire George Goulbourne Thomas Patton of Warrington William Johnson George Cheatham of Cheatham Samuell Finney of Cheatham Thomas Cooke William Jones Samuell Hamer Matthew Hallowes James Ashton Andrew Dandy Thomas Abraham Doctor in Physick John Clayton Thomas Clayton William Ashton John Sorocold Thomas Launders George Sorocold Robert Molyneux Robert Carter Robert Roper John Nuttall Thomas Grantham William Hutton Josiah Herd John Widdows John Wilnie Thomas Catterall John Goulbourne Thomas Haywood Robert Hatiwell Richard Holland Richard Dickinson John Palson Thomas Wallcy James Norcrofte Miles Whitaker Thomas Sudell William Croftf Edward Parr of Eccleston Edward Ball William Simpson Thomas Simpson Thomas Goulbourne senior James Fouldf Alexander Hesketh Charles Davenport John Case Thomas Johnson junior Gentlemen Dr Charles Leigh William Hayhurst Nicholas Rigby Edward Holt junior Richard Percivall of Royden Samuell Hallowes Edm: Ogden Benjamin Fletcher Gent: The Mayor Aldermen and Bailifff of Lancaster for the time being Charles Rigby Esquire John Tarleton Tho. Medcalfe Gent. Nathan Abraham John Leech John Croxton George Goulbourne Thomas Mather Gent: The Mayor Aldermen and Bailifff of the Borough of Preston for the time being Sir Christopher Greenefield Knight John Ferrers Esquire Daniell Chaddock Tho: Greenfeild Roger Sudell senior William Brennand Will: Shaw John Frankf Gent. The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Bailifff for the Borough

of Wiggan for the time being Edward Herle Esquire The Stewardf of the Borough of Newton for the time

being George Leigh Leigh Bowden The Bailifff and Recorder for the Borough of Clitheroe for the time being Arthur Ashton Robert Sclater Edmond Robinson John Webster William Oddy Jasper Maudit Esquires William

Williamson Alderman Thomas Johnson senior John Pemberton senior Peter Atherton John Molineux William

Preeson John Sandiford Gent. John Ashton Esquire:

For the County of Leicester:

The Marquess of Hartington Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Devonsheire John Lord Rosse Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Rutland Thomas Lord Beaumont of the Kingdome of Ireland Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Lord William Pawlett Second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton The Honourable John Noell Esquire The Honourable Robert Shirley Esquire The Honourable Heneage Finch Esquire Sir Will. Viliers Sir Thomas Mackworth Sir Thomas Heselrig Sir Justinian Isham Sir George Beaumont Sir Will Halford Sir Wolston Dixy Sir Edward Hudson Sir Edward Smith Sir John Noell Sir William Ellis Sir Richard Newdigate Sir Robert Dashwood Sir Scroope How Baronettf Sir William Rawlinson Sir Edward Abney Sir Edward Wigley Sir Ambrose Phillips Sir William Yorke Knightf John Verney Thomas Boothby Richard Lister senior John D* la Fountaine George Hewit Robert Heselrig senior Saint John Bennett Charles Morris George Pochin Thomas Pochin Joseph Pochin William Streete Roger Row Roger Smith William Cole William Bird of Cleybrooke Matthew Johnson Clerke of the [ParliamentfJ] George Ashby John Wilson Henry Gilbert Robert Heselrig junior William Jesson Thomas Babbington William Hartop Edward Hudson Henry Turner Gilbert Pickering James Winstanley Edward Smith Samuell Shallcrosse Richard Brudenell Charles Duncombe Rowland Browne Edward Conyers Archdale Palmer John Mitton Edward Needham Thomas Lewis Stanhope Whaley Nathan Wright William Boothby John Bennett James Halsall Thomas Hayes Charles Jenningf Richard Lister junior Henry Heningham Thomas Hartop William Ashby Thomas Skefington-Brome Jeffery Palmer John Thomhagh Thomas Coldecoate Thomas Wilson Dounall Dove Henry Hastingf Christopher Pack William Faunt John Wilkins Henry Kendall William Woolaston William Whaley John Major John Oneby James Armeston Thomas Charnallf Michaell Wrightson Gentlemen Francis Mundy Thomas Abney Gent. William Rawkins John Steel Samuell Cotton William Frank Thomas Noble Gentlemen Richard Broadgate Lawrence Carter Stephen Hervey William Benbridge William Herricke William Belgrave senior William Jervis Matthew Syinondf Esquires Richard Walker Leonard Vow Thomas Truman Everard Goodman Tirringham Stephens Gentlemen William Atkins Esquire John Coles Robert Freeman Thomas Andrews William Billers William Clarke of Gilmorton Thomas Woodcock of Key ham John Watts John Hood Richard Watts Gentlemen Richard C.heslyn Ambrose Philipps Esq, Charles Famham William Busby William Marshall Thomas Sanderson Jervas Bradgate William Ruding George Chisledinc William Rice Thomas Leving of Sheepie John Pochin Andrew Hull Gentlemen Danvers Hodges John Hurst of Hollwell I*

1 interlined on the Roll.

J Smehurst 0.

* Parliament O.

6 S

526

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 1694.

For the Borough of Leicester:

Thomas Palmer Esquire Mayor of the Borough of Leycester Nathan Wright Serjeant att Law William Frank John Major and Matthew Symondf Esquires William Southwell Phillipp Abney John Goodhall Thomas Ludlam John Robertf George Bent William Bentley Joseph Cradock John Cracroft Samuell Woodland William Billers Thomas Palmer junior John Watts John Wilkins John Bent William Sheeres Edmond Johnson John Norrice Edmond Cradock Thomas Lawrence William Orton and John Abney Gentlemen Sir Edward Abney Knight and Lawrence Carter Esquire

For the County of Lincolne and City of Lincolne and for the County of the said City

The Right Honourable William Lord Pawlett Second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton The Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Lord Fitz. Williams of the Kingdome of Ireland Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Peregrine Bertie the Elder The Honourable Charles Bertie senior The Honourable Peregrine Bertie junior The Honourable Phillipp Bertie The Honourable James Bertie The Honourable Thomas Sanderson The Honourable James Sanderson Craven Howard The Honourable William Montague Sir Henry Munson Sir Thomas Hussey Sir John Brownlow Sir John Moreton Sir Charles Orby Sir John Tirwhitt Sir John Bolles Sir George Markham Sir John Thorold Sir John Newton Sir Willoughby Hickman Sir Richard Earle Sir William Massingbird Sir Thomas Trollopp Sir William Ellis Sir Richard Cust Sir Edward Hussey Sir William Buck Sir John Olfeild Sir Walter Clargcs Sir Thomas Bamardiston Sir John Sherrard Sir Thomas Skipwith Baronettf Sir Edward Farmer Sir Robert Barkham Sir Thomas Meers Sir Edward Aiscough Sir William Yorke Sir Edmond Turner Sir Thomas Rolt Sir Michaell Wharton Sir John Thompson Sir Thomas Travell Sir Pury Cust High Sheriffe Knightf Charles [Dymock1] Dimmock Champion Lewis Dimmock William Marwood Thomas Broughton Thomas Lister Robert Riley Noah Neal Esquires Edward Paine William Welby William Hide Anthony Palmer Christopher Hales The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Sheriffes of the City of Lincolne: For

the Cotporacbn of Grimsby the Mayor Aldermen and Recorder: For the Corporation of Boston the Mayor

Aldermen and Recorder: For the Corporation of Stamford the Mayor Aldermen and Recorder: For the

Corporacon of Grantham the Alderman of Grantham William Iiaskard John Robinson Edward Coddington Simon Grant Robert Cole Thomas Cole William Clarke Thomas Crichloe Nathaniell Garthwaite Edward Levesley Joseph Fiddle Edward Hawood of Gosberton John Newton Charles Newcomen Nicholas Newcomen Thomas [Johnson *] John Thomey Richard White Henry Moutray Ralph Rugeley Anthoney Wingfeild Charles Halford Peregrine Bertije of Gedney Esquire The Warden of Louth William Yorke Montague Cholmly William Brownlow Richard Winch Stephen Rothwell William Trollopp John Goodrick Samuell Ludington Esquires John Micklethwaite senior John Micklethwaite junior John Bolt John Wood Samuell Hutchinson Thomas Tress Peter Bird Benjamin King Gilbert Bury Thomas Bury Cypryan Thornton Edward Tourney senior Edward Tourney junior David Feild Esquires William Chapman John Chaplin Christopher Berisford Thomas Hall Vincent Grantham [Francis Grantham1] George Witchcott Bryan Nevill Robert Cawderon Thomas Cowley John Harvey Esquires Matthew Lister The Deane and Chapter of Lincolne George Fairfax Thomas Young William Thompson of Rexholm John Hussey Robert Rider senior Dimmock Walpoole John Fisher John Bishopp Richard Torkley John Pindar George Knight Christopher Palmer Sigismond Trafford Francis Purley Serjeant att Law' Benjamin Smith Peter Short Robert Archer Esquires Richard Cuthbert George Newcomen Gentlemen Charles Fox Rawston Hart Charles Bates John Tollar George Langton senior George Langton junior Charles Hutton Robert Fisher Francis Anderson Edmond Anderson Esquires Thomas Aiscough Gent. William Wilson Thomas Markwell Samuell Barker Richard Rodes Thomas Abbott Gentlemen John Ely Edwin Anderson John How James Ashton John Towne George Smith Johnson of Witham Henry Jenkinson Thomas Pownall Reuben Parke Esquires William Ambler Richard Borncford Richard Nelthorpe William Wallett Martin Johnson Robert Tirw'hitt Esquires Peter Mapletoft John Emmerson Thomas Harness John Butler Gentlemen Daniell Delyne Robert Sanders Adam Bland John Thorold Thomas Collison Isaac Newton Thomas Tigh Thomas Williamson John Burton William Bonner Gentlemen William Cotton John Appleyard Francis Aiscough of Home Castle Thomas Weberly John Key William Taylor of Heckington Lewis Hurst William Tomlins of Riby Anthony Burton Humphrey Hide Anthony Thompson of Coleby Henry Lamb Henry Thorold John Lylly Benjamin Cuthbert William Stafford John Quincey John Garland Gentlemen Charles Fitz-Williams Siracke Wealehead Robert Jenkinson Thomas Billcliffe junior Charles Beaty Thomas Hardy William Osgoodby Thomas Moore Esquires Edmond Inkersall Edmond Dickinson William Greene of Long Sutton John Aiscough Martin Browne Henry Newstead William Marshall John Nieve Charles Newcomen Gentlemen Doctor Fullwood of Stamford John Evans William Long of Barton Gent. William Thornton Esquire Francis Fane Ralph Maddinson Esquires Patricke Shore Thomas Pooles Robert Harris Francis Hervey of Lincolne Edward Browne of Quadring Henry Cay wood Maurice Johnson Edward Austin Eusebius Morton Edward Wilby Christopher Spooner John Bryan Thory Todd William Duncomb Jonathan Gaule John Thornley Gentlemen Henry Pell Beanell Wimberly Esquires Alan Knipe Christopher Hilliard Dimmock of Markett Rason John Burslem

William Jay [William*] Dillimeare Henry Andrews of Osgarby George Jollandf Humphrey Walcott of Walcott Gentlemen John Browne Esquire William Willby Robert Jenkinson junior Henry Bolton Robert Hodson Robert Caldecutt William [Stevenson3] Peter Hancocke Nelthorpe of Little Grimsby Doctor Richier Anthony Lucas

Charles Dimmock of Sosthorpe William Monson George Monson Edward Monson Richard Winne Esquires

A.D. 1694.

527

6° & 7° Gut. & Mar. c.3.

William Kirke Francis Manby Sibthorpe senior Sibthorpe junior Isaac Tully William

Stanford [Phillipp Stanford'] Edward Wallis George Clayton William Fortrey John Weyman Samuell Cooper Stephen Bridge Gentlemen William Abell Esquire William Stow senior Richard Milnes Henry Thorold Gentlemen.

For the City of London:

i

The Lord Mayor and Aldermen for the time being Sir Salathiell Lovell Knight Recorder Sir John Sweeteaple Sir William Cole Sherifff Sir Edward Ward Knight His Majesties Attorney Generali Sir Thomas Trevor Knight His Majesties Solicitor Generali The Honourable Charles Mountague The (:) Honourable Edward Russell Esquires Sir Samuell Barnardiston Sir John Mordent Sir Benjamin Ayloffe Sir Henry Ashhurst Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Thomas Pope Blount Sir Robert Rich Sir Scroope How Sir William Lemmon Sir William Williams Sir William Cooper Baronettf Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Thomas Vernon Sir James Smith Sir Benjamin Newland Sir Matthew Andrews Sir William Russell Sir John Lethiculier Sir Robert Adams Sir Jeremiah Sambrooke Sir Thomas Rawlinson Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Robert Southwell Sir Thomas Saint George Sir Richard Ravnes Sir Charles Hedges Sir Bazill Firebrace Sir Gabrieli Robertf Sir Joseph Herne Sir Richard Haddock Sir Stephen Evance Sir John Foche Sir Peter Paravacine Sir John Cope Sir Thomas Davall Sir William Wogan Sir Rowland Aynsworth Knightf Sir Leonard Robinson Chamberlaine Sir John lies Sir Henry Furnace Sir William Scawen Knightf Robert Harley Thomas Papillon John Morris Thomas Frederick Esquires Doctor Henry Newton Chancellor of London John Perry Thomas Western John Conyers William Stronge Esquires William Champion Nathaniell Hawes Nicholas C[h‘]arleton William Hooker Jeoffery Jefferyes John Jefferyes Charles Chamberlaine Richard Alie John Nichollf Arthur Baron Charles Duncomb Daniell Sheldon Anthony Sturt Thomas Hall Edward Clarke Foot Onslow Francis Perry Charles Sergison Daniell Liddall John Hill Samuell Pett Thomas Goddard William Ivatt Nathaniell Horneby Robert Boddington Francis Gosfright Thomas Ryder Esquires Henry Hunter William Fazakerley John West Godfrey Woodward Thomas Crane William Carpenter William Lewen William Gunn Humphrey ["Stroud1] Robert Brabume George Cole James Clement Edmond Prideaux Lieutenant C.ollonell Pearce Thomas Phelpe Henry Crispe Richard Bristowe Samuell Trotman William Robinson Thomas Firmin Thomas Colson Gregory King Henry Dethicke Doctor George Oxenden Samuell Shepard George Bearcrofte John Blake William Edwardf John Chancy John Mould Joseph Martin George Boone Wadham Windham Samuell Sommerford Peter Floyer Thomas Gardner George Gooday Peter Joy William Pellett William Withers Thomas Blackmore Percivall Gilbourne Nicholas Chaplin John Knapp William Faulkner John Genew Francis Chamberlaine William WoodrofFe John Midgeley James Oades George Newland Thomas Langham Daniell Allen William Jarrett Francis Dashwood John Freeman Arthur Staveley Richard Cradock Gerard Conyers Samuell Clarke John Morrice Isaac Houblon Richard Acton Herbert Aylwyn Thomas Jeme Richard Yerbery Thomas Tokefeild Thomas Samford John Johnson Peter Pickering Richard Hoare Nicholas Alexander Robert Beddingfeild Janies Smith Rupert Browne James Woods James Fowles James Eaton Joseph Horneby Richard Nickollf Robert Raworth Francis Brerewood Richard Goodall Thomas Salter Samuell Ongleby Nicholas Collett Richard Edmondson George Peck Charles Ball Richard Wynne Peter Rencu Felix Calvert Richard Hold Arthur Shallott Richard Gwynne Gilbert Heathcott Michael 1 Godfrey John Cary Charles Godolphin George Nicholas Edward Jenkinson John Harvey William Walker John Knight Henry Cornish Richard Hutchinson John [Sasnom3 ] Thomas Martin Joseph Wright Marke Stratton Anthony Turny William Fownes William Johnson Thomas Spencer John Little John Ward Samuell Roystorne Philipp [Papillon4] Edward Etricke Richard Yerbury Thomas Ernes John Travill Alexander Jacob Matthew Humberstone Nathaniell Greeves Samuell Lock Robert Hookes Nathaniell Heme Samuell Garrett John Bland John Hungerford James Mundye Duncus Dee Charles Thorold Thomas Eyres James Collett Francis Thursfeild John Morgan Samuell Staneir Edward Rudge John Eure William Steedwick Nathaniell Stourton Colonell Willett Arthur Moore John Hargrave John Oldbury John Deacle Thomas Westeme junior Thomas Cuddon Francis Teison senior Ralph Lane John Freeman Gabrieli Robertf Richard Blackham William Sedgewick Austen Ballow Alexander Rigby Roger Drake John Upton Paris Slaughter James Denew Thomas Aungfer Thomas Bludworth Edward Grace Edmond Phillipps Leonard Wesell Thomas Scawen Samuell Mayne Henry Spelman Captaine John Nickolson John Smith John Page Sir Cloudesley Shovell Knight Edmond Drummer Thomas Wiltsheire Geore Saint Loe Esquires Richard Bowater James Hallett Henry Hatley Edward Brewster William Broughton Thomas Evance Nicholas Baker Peter Houblon John Sherbrooke Thomas Gardner Chyrurgeon William Baker Peter Ducane Joseph Thompson Robert Bullock Sir Walter Young James Chadwick Samuell Clarke Esquires Sir Bazill Dixwell Edward Lassell Edward Noell Thomas Browne John Thompson Sir Richard Haddock Knight Edward Dumer Charles Sargason Dennis Liddell Samuell Pett Esquire John Home Gabrieli Glover Thomas Fryer John Stacy William Richardson Edward Bull Peter Godfrey John Munford Deputy John Ilardrctt Deputy Daniell Dorvill Justus [Orgar'] Robert White Anthony Burren Andrew Franklyn William Conny Richard Glover Augustin Ballow Henry Tate Thomas Blackmore junior Thomas Phipps Gent Samuell Lock Merchant

For SerjeantC Inn in Fleetestreete

Sir George Treby Lord Cheife Justice of the (6) Comon Pleas Master Baron Lechmere Master Justice Rokeby Master Baron Turton Master Serjeant Blencowe Master Serjeant Powis

1 interlined on the Roll. « Right 0. * Sansom 0. 4 l*apillion 0. Olger 0. « Court of 0.

528

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 169A.

For Serjeantf Inn in Chancery Lane:

Sir John Holt Lord Cheife Justice Master Justice Nevill Master Justice Powell Master Justice Gregory Master Justice Giles Eyres Master Baron Powell Master Justice Samuell Eyres Master Serjeant Wogan Master Serjeant Gould Master Serjeant George Strode Master Serjeant Thomas Strode Master Serjeant Byrch Master Serjeant Lovell Master Serjieant Thurbame:

For the Inner Temple and the Inns of Chancery thereto belonging:

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons Master of the Rolls and one of His Majesties most Honorable Privy Councell Sir Edward Ward Knight His Majesties Attorney Generali Sir Thomas Trevor Knight His Majesties Solicitor Generali William Farrar Esquire Sir Nathaniell Powell Baronett two of His Majesties Learned Councill in the Lawe The Honourable Heneage Finch Esquire Thomas Farrar John Mosyer and the rest of the Benchers for the time being I*

For the Middle Temple and the Inns of Chancery thereto belonging:

The Right Honourable Sir John Sommers Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale of England Sir William Whitlock Knight Sir Francis Winnington Knight Richard Wallop Esquire Roger Gillingham Esquire now Treasurer of the said Middle Temple and the rest of the Benchers of the said Society:

For the County of Middlesex:

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons Master of the Rolls and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honoble Sir Stephen Fox Knight Charles Mountague and John Smith Esquires Lords Comissioners of His Majesties Treasury Charles Lord Herbert Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire apparent of His Grace the Duke of Beaufort The Right Honourable Edward Lord Russell and James Lord Russell Sonns to His Grace the Duke of Bedford Charles Lord Cheney of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Henry Lord Colraine of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Castlefon of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Sir John Holt Knight Lord Cheife Justice of His Majesties Courte of Kings Bench The Right Honourable Sir George Treby Knight Lord Cheife Justice of His Majesties Court of Comon Pleas The Comissioners of His Majesties Excise for the time being The Comissioners of His Majesties Green-Cloth for the time being The Honourable Sir Robert Howard The Honourable Henry Pagett Esquire The Honourable Craven Howard The Honourable Edward Mountague The Honourable Henry Preistman The Honourable Thomas Newport The Honourable Peregrine Bertie The Honourable , James Bertie The Honourable Robert Shirley The Honourable Robert Bertie The Honoble Charles Bennett Esquires The Right Honourable Sir John Trenchard Knight one of His Majesties Principall Secretaries of State The Right Honourable Thomas Wharton Esquire Comptroller of His Majesties Houshold The Honourable Philipp Howard and Goodwin Wharton Esquires Sir Charles Gerrard Sir Edward Seymour Sir William Cooper Sir William Smith Sir William Robertf Sir Anthony Craven Sir Richard Fisher Sir Cave James Sir William Barkham Sir Thomas Pope Blount Sir Thomas Littleton Sir John Banks Sir William Williams Sir Richard Onslow Sir Roger Langley Sir Samuell Bamardiston Sir John Wolstenholme Sir Walter Clarges Sir John Hoskins Sir James Rushoiit Sir John Cope Sir Walter Plummer Sir Philipp Boteler Sir Robert Davers Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir John Smith Sir Richard Middleton Sir Henry Ashhurst Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir William Leman Sir Thomas Halton Baronettf Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronett Sir Richard Newdigate Sir Thomas Skipwith Baronettf Sir Edward Ward Knight His Majesties Attorney Generali Sir Thomas Trevor Knight His Majesties Solicitor Generali Sir William Wogan Knight Sir George Hutchins Knight His Majesties Serjeantf att Lawe Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Thomas Byde Sir John Elwes Sir James Butler Sir Thomas Row Sir Richard Dounton Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Francis Pemberton Sir Henry Johnson Sir Orlando Gee Sir Thomas Kinsey Sir Anthony Keck Sir Bazill Firebrace Sir William Hedges Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir Jeremiah Sambrooke Sir Charles Cotterell Sir Edward Waldo Sir Thomas Grantham Sir Purbeck Temple Sir Lacon William Child Sir Miles Cooke Sir John Franklyn Sir Robert Lcgard Sir Goddard Nelthorpe Sir Edward Abney Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Sir Michaell Henneage Sir William Ashhurst Sir William Pritchard Sir Charles Umfreville Sir Charles Lee Sir James Smith Sir John Bucknall Sir William Rawlinson Serjieant att Lawe Sir Thomas Rawlinson Sir Edward Warcup Sir Francis Child Sir James Etheridge Sir Francis Lee Sir Bartholomew Shore Sir Thomas Cooke Sir William Whitelock Sir Thomas Powis Sir Michaell Wharton Sir Edward Wood Sir Robert Dacres Sir Thomas Middleton Sir Joseph Heme Sir Thomas Lane Sir John Houblon Sir John Parsons Sir Benjamin Bathurst Sir James Tilly Sir William Cranmer Sir Robert Marsham Sir Thomas Rolt Sir Francis Blake Knights Nicholas Raynton James Mundye Joshua Galliard William Avery John Smith Adam [Andrewes1] Edward Harris Thomas Austen of Durhams John Walker John Walton and John Bluck of Hadley Thomas Jackson William Austen Janies Chadwick John Lacey William Draper Hugh Smithson Robert Frampton Robert Bullock Samuell Royston Esquires Warwick Lake Cheekc Gerard Edward Waldo Richard Page Thomas Franklyn John Baggf John Nicoll of Hendon Place Thomas Napier Esquires William Fenn Tanner Arnold John Powell Richard Bowater Edward Norwood Daniell Nicoll Gentlemen William Martyn Esquire Anthony Duncombe Gentleman Ralph Hawtrey Richard Shoreditch John Walker of Hillingdon Robert Newdigate John Jenningf of Heese Francis Merrick Henry Hawley Christopher Clitherow Thomas

' Andrew 0.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

529

Webb of the Middle Temple Edward Jenningf Esquires Charles Hawtrey John Stanyon Robert Beale Henry Cane junior Richard Lugg Richard Perkins Samuell Reynardson Gentlemen Gideon Harvey Doctor of Phisick John Phelipps one of His Majesties Auditors Nicholas Grice Edward Parker Matthew Johnson Clerke of the [Parliament^ *] Paul Jodrell Clerke of the House of Comons John Fonteleroy Doctor Nicholas Barbon John Davenport Esquires John Fuller Edward Fuller Robert Heddin John Woodford Gentlemen Francis Thacker Gent Burcher

of Isleworth Gent Charles Duncombe Leonard Hammon John Slater Henry Reynell Thomas Wood Reginald Marriott Jonathan Andrewes Daniell Proctor Edward Progers Jasper English Thomas Chambers Esquires Henry Barker Robert Sheffeild Foot Onslow Thomas Henshaw Doctor Edward Chamberlaine Francis Brend Thomas Methwald Richard Taylor Richard Woodward Anthony Nourse Robert Clerkson Henry Lambe Francis Barry John Loving William Underwood Timothy Lenoy George Tredway Doctor 'Ehomas Hobbs Thomas Plucknett Robert Hardisty Captaine Nicholas Goodwin Daniell Sheldon William Baber William Coles Robert Payne Reginald Brettland Serjieant att Law [Streynham1 *] Masters William Sherrington Robert Butler Martin Foulkes Samuell Buck Richard Butler Thomas Mulso Robert Moore John Wilson Esquires Thomas Colby Gent. Thomas Dove and Brooke Bridges Esquires Auditors of His Majesties Imprest Accomptf Robert Harley Richard Beake Richard Robinson Henry Turner Charles [Hoxton3] John Herbert Ralph Bucknall Narcissus Luttrell Peter Le. Neve Peter Knight Henry Hassard Samuell Twynn Thomas Owen John Milner Richard Milner George Dixon Henry Portman William Emmerton George Edwardf Carew Guydott Edward Goldsborough Richard Price Doctor John Edisbury Roger Meredith Samuell Keck Richard Holford Thomas Pitt Shem Bridges Richard Garth Bazill Herne Littleton Powell Clutterbuck William Thursby John Cooke Thomas Winford William Tempest John

Hungerford John Plummer William Freeman John Southby Humphrey Etherington Jerman Ireton Richard Aston Francis Browne William Etherick William Gulston Edward Bide Henry Spillman Aaron Pingrey John Lloyd Richard Cooling Richard Dyott John Daling James Tisard Daniell Baker Bartholomew Fillingham John Woodroffe Charles Twitty Thomas Goodwin and Charles Bonython Serjeantf att Lawe Richard Haley Edward Noell Craven Peyton Samuell Trotman Theophilus Eyton Peter Lugg Syinon Smyth Esquires Symon Smith Merchant Joseph Offley Thomas Offley John Rawlinson John Milbourne William Hasting^ John Hastingf John Temple Esquires John Coggs John East John Smith Tobias Eden Gentlemen Thomas Brotherton William Whitaker Robert Pew Isaac Foxcroft Thomas Christie Robert Dormer Esquires Symon Harcourt Councellor att Lawe Symon Harcourt Clerke of the Crowne Office James Allen Thomas Maurice John Maurice Nathaniell Hudson Joseph Sherwood Roger Wood Esquires Captaine James Pateridge Captaine John Pateridge Isaac Honeywood 'l homas Dyos Anthony Sturt Symon Musgrave John Herbert John Robins Timothy Thombury Martyn Ryder Bastwick Johnson Esquires Richard Oakely Daniell Coston Nicholas Skinner Merchant John Perry Thomas Hall Thomas Smith William Withers John Crosse James C.arderow Francis Staunton William Dyn William Underhill Hercules Horsey John Raymond Richard Craddock Richard Cheslyn Joseph Short Samuell Blackerby l homas Barrow Thomas Bedford Maurice Kay William Duncombe Benjamin Hilton David Rowland^ Gregory King John Stone Richard Knightely Philipp Mussard Ehomas Sutton Abraham Spooner John Greene Esquires John Smith Gentleman of Beaufort Buildings Thomas Gill Thomas Browne Thomas Fitch Charles Downeing William Johnson George Ford William Northey William Bird Francis Tyssen Abraham Bailey Arthur Bailey Hopefor Bendall George Bohun William Thompson John Webber Robert Constable Esquires Major John Feild Robert Kingston Richard Oakiey John Blundell John Kent Edward Alsopp Matthew Bateman Esquires Joseph Blissett William Wakelyn Elenry Russell Gentlemen Richard Saville Henry Dethick Esquires Doctor John Bourne Gabrieli Sparkes Thomas Grimble Captaine Joseph Stevens Gentlemen Paul Dockmenique Captaine Batson William Benson John Wilcox Thomas Freeman Peter Lekeux Charles

Osborne Thomas Glover Thomas Casse Esquires Joseph Rolfe Richard Wildy Richard Awbry Edward Ambrose William Willis Gentlemen Robert Hastingf Edward Trotman William Lightfoote Thomas Neale Nicholas Cary Colonell Joseph Jorye Edmond Phillipps Symon Mayne James How John Little Joseph Shepeard Alexander Pitfeild Henry Risby John Rye Richard Warre Thomas Blackmore William Nelson Esquires Captaine William Heath Thomas Elton senior Thomas Elton junior Captaine John Broomewfell Major Edmond Noble Master John Elwick John Gosfright Robert Yard Michaell Pearce John Duvall Edmond Lidgold John Waxham Benjamin Greene Robert Burdett William Bamfeild Thomas Harris Anthony Guydott John Cannon John Bailey John Merydale Thomas Barnes Anthony Wells Gentlemen John Smith Clerke of the Peace for Westminster Simon Fuller Barnard Turner Nathaniell Heme Samuell Harwar John Reynoldf Silvester Chilcott Jonathan Netheway Thomas Cooper Gentlemen William Calvert Felix Feast Roger Thompson Edmond Farthing Edward Leigh John Thompson Fettyplace Nott John Rampayne Charles Nowis Esquires Francis Brerewood John Brockett John Hookes Gentlemen Benjamin Brame Marchant Thomas Gunston Marchant Thomas Jaggard James King Edward Harris Richard Pierce Jaques Wiseman Giles Clarke William Stroud Gentlemen Captaine Edmond Say Michaell Terry Joseph Tilley George Carter Robert Thompson Esquires John Sykes Samuell Phillipps Benjamin Mould Samuell Burch George Hudson William Alw'orth John Smith of Hackney John Cooke Christopher Fowler John Duboyce Thomas Tench George Snell Samuell Keckwick Constance Vernatty Godfrey Woodward Robert Brabourne William Hawtrey Gentlemen Captaine Hazlewood Robert Barker George Nicholas John Verney Thomas Cooper Jeoffery Jefferyes Henry Turner Francis Edwardf Thomas Coleby senior Dalby Thomas Edward Gould Gregory Page Barton Holliday Nicholas Donning Esquires Robert Squibb John Peters Arnold Squibb Gentlemen Doctor Salisbury Cade Christopher Cratford John Knight John Wilson Gentlemen John Metcalfe Benjamin Dethick Esquires Allen Read Neheiniah Lyde Edward Godfrey William East Thomas Marriott Nicholas Skinner Captaine John Gorum

1 Parliament 0. 9 Streynsham 0. 3 Hopton O.

6 T

530

A. L).\69\.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

For the City of Westminster and Libertyes thereof:

The Right Honourable Richard Earle of Ranelagh of the Kingdome of Ireland and one of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir Edward Seymour Baronett one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir John Lowther of Lowther Baronett one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir Robert Howard Knight one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Charles Mountague Esquire Chancellour and Under-Treasurer of the Exchequer one of the Lords Comissioners of the Treasury and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir John Trenchard one of His Majesties Principall Secretaryes of State and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir Henry Goodrick one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Sir Stephen Fox Knight one of the Lords Comissioners of His Majesty's Treasury The Right Honourable Sir William Trumball one of the I-ordf Comissioners of His Majesties Treasury and the Honourable John Smith Esquire another of the Lords Comissioners of His Majesties Treasury William Lord Elland Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Marquesse of Hallifax Edward Lord Cornbury Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Clarendon Henry Lord Hyde Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Rochester The Right Honourable Hugh Boscawen Esquire one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Craven Howard Phillipp Howard Thomas Howard Peregrine Bertie Charles Bertie Bernard Granvill John Granvill Thomas Newport Henry Frederick Thynn and William Cheyney Esquires Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir Samuell Grimston Sir Charles Carteret Sir Roger Langley Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Robert Cotton Sir John Cotton Sir Robert Pye Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir William Honeywood Sir Walter Clarges Sir Henry Marwood Sir William Orpe Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Thomas Pope-Blount Baronettf Sir William Wogan one of His Majesties Serjeantf att Law Sir Edward Ward His Majesties Attorney Generali Sir Thomas Trevor llis Majesties Solicitor Generali Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Onslow Baronett Sir Henry Colt Baronett Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Joseph Seymour Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir John Elwes Sir Philipp Meadowes Sir John Nicholas Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Charles Cotterell junior Sir Christopher Wrenn Sir James Hayes Sir Humphrey Winch Sir John Bucknall Sir Thomas Chambers Sir Thomas Saint-George Sir Michaell Cole Sir William Cowper Sir Thomas Travell Sir Robert Rich Sir Francis Child, Sir Benjamin Bathurst Sir Peter Vandeputt Sir Orlando Gee Knightf All the Officers of the Board of Greene-Cloth for the Pallaces of Whitehall Saint James's Somersett-house and Kensington and the Three Prothonotories of the Court of Comon Pleas for the time being Charles Fox Henry Guy George Nicholas Brooke Bridges William Aldworth John Phelips Hugh Squire James Lowther Edmond Phelips Thomas Walker Goodwin Wharton Martyn Ryder Thdmas Mulso Colonell John Beaumont Edward Le-Neve, William Glanvill Thomas Thoroton of Arundell-Streete [Thomas'] Vernon Charles Bonython Serjieant att Law Thomas Watkins John Parkhurst Francis Gwynn James Sheffeild Benjamin Coling Simon Smith Dotlor Owen Wynn Richard Pagett John Pottenger John Woodhouse Nehemiah Arnold Thomas Railton William Lownds John Packer John Nedham Samuell Heron Edward Richbell William Bridgman George Nicholas John Smith of Covent Garden Foot Onslow Thomas Cotton Robert Austen Edward Progers Morgan Randyll Colonell John Baynes William Ball John Pultenay David Neame Andrew Lawrence Thomas Dolman Nicholas Baxter Edmond Prideaux Robert Harley Robert Hewett James Craggs Doctor Gideon Harvey junior Walter Brydall Thomas Neale Christopher Vane Matthew Lock John Currance Edmond Ogar David Crawford William Shaw John Tullye William Blathwayte Edmond Waller Francis Negus Ralph Marshall Charles Mompesson Robert Feilding John Knight John Baber Nicholas Fenn James Tissard Roger Gillingham Nicholas Martin William Seabrooke Edward Salisbury John Willson Thomas Payne Richard Dalton Philips Farwell Guicciardmo Wentworth Peter Hume Rowland Holt John Fox Robert Fox Charles Whitaker William Baber Matthew Johnson Clerke of the Parliamentf John Walker Paul Jodrell Clerke of the House of Comons Samuell Powell Serjieant att Armes attending the House of Comons Colonell Edward Rowse Colonell John Fitzpatrick William Pultenay John Hastings William Gulston Henry Preistman James Sutherne Nicholas Barbon John Devaile William Monson Robert Yard Giles Clarke John Squibb Eldred Lancelott Lee Thomas Hall Humphrey Hethcrington Philipp Ryley William Cooke William Duncombe William Thursby Esquires Sir Robert Marsham Sir James Smith Major Thomas Taylor Lawrence Saint Loe Charles Chetwind Thomas Owen Ralph Bucknall Edmond Webb Henry Ludlow Richard Garth Esquires Martin Lister John Ratcliffe John Plukenett William Stockham James Wellwood Doctors of Physick John Touchett Bartholomew Fillingham Charles Twitty Thomas Wymondesold Humphrey Maston John Spicer John Lowe Bartholomew Burton Charles Rampaigne Erasmus Dryden Robert Moore John Pearson senior Joseph Tillye Benjamin Drake John Outing Simon Smith Merchant Henry Ballow John Hinder Richard Fisher senior William Jacob John Vigures Peter Rudge Thomas Jones Samuell Burch Tanner Arnold Thomas Crosse Francis Thacker John Brockett John Powell Henry Harris Samuell Brewster William Stone of Petty France John Peters Robert Knott John Creede John Milner Richard Milner John Roydhouse Edmond Woodruffe John Cleare John Smalbone Richard Ryder Captaine John Taylder Captaine Richard Crispe Captaine John Partridge Richard Adams William Greene John Angier Samuell Peacocke Thomas Templeman of Saint Martins in the Feildf Morrice Hunt James Chace Joshua Drayner George Cowper John Haynes John Lugg Richard Wheeler Ralph Hutchinson Marke Lawne Richard Fitzgerald Charles Knott John Clayton John Worley Christopher Smith Gent Edmond Yeomans Richard Cowper Matthias Cowper Richard Petty John Martin Richard Heybourne Thomas Browne Richard Owen John England John Bolt Richard Stephens Austin Bere Peter Le-Vigne Francis Chapman William Greenway Anthony Cratchrode Michaell Miles James Supple John Blundall John Thomson John Stone Robert Stone Richard Miller Thomas

' James O.

531

6° & 7° Gui.. & Mar. c. 3.

Morgan Richard Hutton Rowland Greenwood Jaques Wiseman Thomas Thoroton Henry Robins George Meggott Esquires John Bancroft Cock of Long-Acre James Buttersby Thomas Mansell Thomas Rider William

Blackcller Moses Porter Phineas Andrewes Richard Topham James Fran tine Thomas Tuckey Robert Butler Gilbert Herring Nicholas Pickering Nicholas Collins Nicholas Freeman Mordett Creherode James Cunningham Thomas Harrison C.rispe Grange John De Shere Thomas Browne Nathaniell Hilton Joseph Biscoe John Bradford William Whitaker Esq^s Anthony Withers Christopher Deane Henry Jones Edmond Godwin Edmond Fuller Alexander Mann Benjamin Bayles Thomas Sutton Charles Peters Richard Barrow John Tissard John Smith of Beaufort Buildings John Tredenham Richard Coleing John Penhallo Cheeke Gerrard Hugh Chudleigh Robert Yard Thomas Dyose John Hungerford Philipp Mustard Richard Warr Robert Crawford Esquires Sir George Rooke Anthony Brummige Samuell Pryor Abraham Skinner John Reynold^ Michaell Terry Reynold Marriott James Gibbon Henry Cornwall William Hooker John Fitz, Peter Hall Isaac Terrett William Wardour Esquires Robert Breedon Joseph Sherwood William Churchill John Price Edward Johns Charles JJallett Thomas Morton Thomas Moody Gentlemen German Ireton Esquire John Aynsworth Gentleman Richard Morley Hugh Chudley Richard Newman Esquires Master Francis Dandridge Francis Parry Esquires Jasper English John Bayly Gentlemen Captaine John Shales John Paskall William Mounson [ Esquires'] Henry Harris Merchant William Fish John Lacy Thomas Percy James Dewey William Stewkley William East Thomas Marriott John Higden Edwin Griffin Esquires I*

For the Society of Grays Inn and the Inns of Chancery thereto belonging

Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett George Gilford John Brewer Daniell Bedingfeild Richard Vaughan Roger Fenwick Christopher Musgrave Narcissus Lutterell William Clarke and the rest of the Benchers for the time being John Hastings Esquire

For Lincolns Inn and the Inns of Chancery thereto belonging:

Sir William York Knight Sir James Boteler Knight Sir Thomas Powis Knight Luke Astry Thomas Jones Edward Byde John Hawles William Dobbins James Whitrong Granado Piggott Theodore Bathurst Robert Price Thomas Windham John Hungerford Henry Fleming Roger Mompesson and John Hill Esquires and all the Benchers of the said Society I*

For the County of Monmouth:

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Beaufort Edward Perkins High Sheriff Sir Charles Kemeys Baronett Sir John Williams Baronett Sir Rowland Gwynn Knight Sir Humphrey Mackworth Knight Thomas Morgan Henry Probert John Arnold John How Charles Vann Thomas Morgan of Llanruinney Lewis Morgan of Machen George Kemeys of Llanvayer Charles Price of Llanfoist Edmond Morgan of Bendlon Richard Lister Henry Morgan of Bedwelly Roger Otes Edward Jones of Buckland Thomas Jones of Usk George Lewis of Penhow Charles Hughes John Hoyre Charles Morgan of Tredegar John Morgan of Machen Nicholas Arnold James Morgan of Llandilo John Walter of Piersfeild Capell Hambury George Kemeys of Kemeys Henry Tomkins John Hambury Christopher Price Hopton Williams Roderick Gwynn John Jefferyes David Morgan William Gore of Langstowne John Scudamore of Kent Church Edward Kemeys Richard Robertf Esquires The Mayor of Monmouth for the time being The Mayor of Newport for the time being The Portreeve of Uske for the time being The Baililfe of Abergavenny for the time being Nicholas Parker George Kemeys of Kevenmably William Blethin of Dinham Esquires Walter Baker John Morgan of Llanthewy Thomas Williams Morgan Chambers John Lewis of Ifton-hill Charles Williams of Newport Nehemiah Williams of Newport John Morgan of Newport Charles Morgan of Lansore Matthias Bird Walter Aldy Robert Jones John Morgan of Winisto John Morgan of Berllandegue William Blethin of Llanmellin John Cragg of Usk Theophilus Rynalds Roger Williams John Harris of Abergavenny Roger Williams of Waina Barra William Powell of Poothall Morgan Thomas Trevor Myrick William Morgan of Tredunnogue William Price John Gwillim [Thomas Gwillim1] Francis Pritchard John Pritchard of Campson Sheldon Powell Ezra Waters Hugh Harris William Says of Newport Charles Jones of Magor Henry Occold William Pritchard of [Langaddock*] William George James Springett Michaell Bohune Charles Griffith Thomas Pritchard John Scudamore of Tredaghan Walter Fortune Roger Kemeys of Pantege John Walters of Saint Brides David Thomas of Abergavenny John Lewis of Llandilo Richard Scudamore John Gabb James Morgan of Abergavenny Henry Rumsey Christopher Price junior Gentlemen Charles Hutchins Clerke Edward Nicholas George Ketchinay Thomas Edwardf* George Morgan Peregrine Lewis Adam Adams William Bellamy Francis Lewis Gentlemen!*

For the County of Norfolk

The Right Honourable Henry Lord Colraine of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Robert Bacon Sir Henry Hobart Sir John Wodehouse Sir Richard Bemey Sir John Mordant Sir Robert Drury Sir John Holland Sir Augustine Palgrave Sir John Pettus Sir Robert Kempe Sir Roger Potts Sir Jacob Astley Sir Charles Adams Sir Edward Ward Sir Nicholas Garrard Sir William Cooke Sir Edmond Doyley Sir Peter Gleane Sir Edmond Bacon Sir John Castleton BaroncttC Sir Nevill Catlyn Sir Francis Guybon Sir William Rant Sir John Turner Sir Cirill Wych Sir Edward Chisenhall Sir Robert Clayton Sir Thomas Rawlinson Knight(J Robert Walpoole John Ilarbourd Edmond Wodehouse John Wodehouse Ash Windham Philipp Astley John Holland Robert Kempe James Host John Heme Charles Le Grosse John Knyvett Denzill Onslow Robert Suckling Philipp Bedingfeild Erasmus Earle John Harvey Robert Coney John Norris Daniell Bedingfeild George England Isaac Preston Robert Davy John Mingay Arthur Branthwaite Joachim Matthews Robert BrittifT Ralph Hare Robert Gooch Maurice Kendall Leonard Shapes John Repps John Houghton Anthony Freeston Oliver Neve Thomagh Gurdon Christopher Bedingfeild

Langattock 0.

532

A.D.\694>.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

Samuell Fuller Thomas Blowfeiid John Thurston Roger Castle Basingbourne Gaudy Edward Leigh John Birken Augustine Briggf Glover Denny William Branthwaite Doctor Pepper James Host senior Gabrieli Armiger Christopher Crow Riches Browne Henry Negus John Warkhouse Robert Wilson Edward Wilson Edmond Brittiffe Hatton Berners Robert Day John Ayde Clement Herne William Oldfeild John Jenny Thomas Towneshend Mundeford Spelman Thomas Browne John Page James Ward Francis Long Thomas Pierson Nathaniell Symondf Martin Calthorpe Edmond Soame John Jay Edmond Lambe Thomas Wright Robert Wardall Henry Oxburgh Piercy Freake Francis Gardiner Brig Fountaine Benjamin England Thomas Barney Smith Fleetewood John Lovell John Heme Gascoigne Weld Francis Thorisby Gardiner Hewet Israeli Long George Vernon Thomas Sanders Thomas Rant Richard Ferrier William Sidley Sigismond Trafford Clement Repps John Marriott Gregory Davis Charles Shaw Esquires Robert [Jermy‘] Jonathan Symondf JohnFowle Charles Turner junior Robert Herne Edward Lestrange Clement Gooch Francis Negus Richard Carter John Brewster Robert Doughty Thomas Talbott Robert Stilcman Francis Dusgate Roger Jenningf John Castle Edward Bulwer Thomas Bayspoole Thomas Crick Edmond Anguish Humphrey Rant John Blenner Hassett [Waller1] Bacon Nicholas Helwise Cleere Garnise Horatio Walpole John Ward James Tenant Edward Earle Robert Fisk Francis Neve Charles Barnwell William Stafford Leonard Shapes Robert Snell Thomas Browne Robert Horner William Hunt Peter Wilson Edward Lombe Thomas Cropley Roger Crow Edmond Themilthorpe William Bulwer of Gestwick Roger Jenningf Thomas Buxton James Betts Robert Doughty William Burton Henry Bell William Holly Charles Turner senior Thomas Okeover Edmond Rolfe Henry Toures Thurgood Upwood John Harris George Daniell William Rudens Lawrence Neve Gentlemen Henry Spelman Esquire James Coldham William Coney Gentlemen

For the City and County of the City of Norwich:

John Ward Esquire Mayor Robert Davy Esquire Recorder Sir Henry Hobart Baronett Arthur Branthwaite Esquire Steward Thomas Blofeild Esquire The Two Sheriffs for the time being Thomas Wisse Robert Freeman John Low Nicholas Helwys Francis Gardiner William Salter Philipp Stebbing John Wrench Thomas Cooke Jeremy Vim Michaell Beverley Robert Cooke and George South Esquires Augustine Briggf Nicholas Brickerdike William Guybon Samuell Warkhouse Thomas Postle Lawrence Goodwyn Thomas Turner John Freeman Edward Clarke Thomas Atkinson Aldermen Doctor Fairfax Deane of Norwich Doctor Prideaux Doctor Pepper Thomas Townesend Esquire Thomas Bacon John Mingay Esquires John Barnham John Dersley John Mackerel 1 Roger Salter Gentlemen Peter Thacker Richard Carter Gentlemen

For the Borough of Greate Yarmouth:

The Bailifff for the time being George England Esquire Recorder Samuell Fuller Esquire Peter Caulier Benjamin England John Robins Nathaniell Symondf Thomas Bradford Thomas Godfrey John Gayford Gabrieli Ward John Andrewes Anthony Ellis Richard Ferrier Robert Bernard Thomas Lovell Benjamin Engell Joseph Cotman John Carlow Henry Thompson Anthony Ellis junior John Gunnell Robert Baker George Spilman junior Richard Ferrier junior Aldermen John Burton senior Thomas Ellis

For the Borough of Kings-Lynn:

The Mayor of the Towne for the time being Daniell Bedingfield Esquire Recorder Sir John Turner Knight Benjamin Holly Giles Bridgman John Kid Edmond Hooke Benjamin Keene Robert Sparrow Cyprian Anderson Henry Framingham Henry Bell William Holly Charles Turner senior Aldermen Charles Peast Gen? Thomas Selfe

For the Borough of Thetford

The Mayor for the time being Sir John Holland Baronett Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Francis Guybon Baptist May John Thurston William Cropley Charles Wright Thomas Wright Wormeley Hethersett Maurice Kendall John Draper Robert Caudle Edmond Winwood Thomas Smith Esquires I*

For the County of Northampton

The Right Honourable Lyonell Lord Huntingtower of the Kingdome of Scotland The Right Honourable Thomas Wharton Esquire Comptroller of His Majesties Houshold and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Coundll Sir Justinian Isham Baronett Sir Saint Andrew Saint John Baronett Sir William Langham Knight John Parkhurst Esquire John Blencowe Serjieant att I-awe The Honourable Henry Mordant Thomas Andrew Esquires Gilbert Dolben Esquire William Brownlow Esquire Arthur Brookes Esquire Thomas Maidwell of Geddington Gent Charles Kirkham Esquire Sir James Robinson Baronett Francis Arundell Francis Crane Henry Benson Esquires The Honourable William Mountague Esquire Sir Erasmus Norwich Baronett Sir John Holman Baronett Sir Benjamin Bathurst Knight Christopher Jefferyes Esquire Horatio More Richard Botelar senior John Combs Thomas Cartwright of Anoe Devereux Knightly of Fausly William [Adams3] of Charwelton John Winston Esquires Edmond Bromwich Thomas Brytton Gentlemen Sir Roger [Cave4] Baronett Sir William Craven Knight Edward Ladkins Thomas Woodward Gentlemen John Bridges Esquire John Weaver William Fleetewood Thomas Mulso Thomas Catesby William Wilmore Esquires Sir Salathiell Lovell Recorder of the City of London The Mayor of Higham Ferrars for the time being Sir Rice Rudd Baronett Thomas Ekins William Boteler Esquires Collins

of Irchester Gent Francis Harby William Elmes Esquires Richard Shuckburgh Gent Thomas Trist Hatton Compton

1 Jeremy 0.

3 Walter O.

3 Adim 0.

* Cooke 0.

(3° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

533

Esquires Jacob Dancer Gent Richard Rainsford Esquire Henry Rushton Gerrard Gore Robert Bretton Robert Haslerigg John Botry Esquires Henry Bacon Gent Daniell Danvers Doctor [of1] Physick Sir John Pickering Baroneit Sir Matthew Dudley Baronett Gilbert Pickering Esquire Anthony Pallmer Esquire Sir Edward Nichollf Baronett The Honourable Sidney Wortley alias Mountague Esquire The Right Honourable William Lord Fitz-Williams of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Charles Bertie Esquire Noah Neale Henry Neale John Royley William Clarke John Pemberton John Dickenson John Andrew Esquires John Carrier Thomas Deacon Robert Newcomb Roger Pemberton Thomas Lowry Charles Parker John Ash Edward Saunders Gentlemen John Clendon Thomas Colethurst Esquires Elmes Steward Matthew Orlibear William Cutbert Gentlemen John Creede Francis Lane Andrew Lant Charles Middleton Robert Mansell John Alicock Esquires Matthew Skinner Doctor in Physick Robert Skinner Esquire William L' Isle Charles How Robert Dormer John Bagshaw John Creswell Charles Fox Gentlemen Francis Saint John John Wodhall Esquires Ambrose Holbeech Gentleman Richard Lockwood Esquire The Mayor of Brackly for the time being Robert Frewin Gent Joseph Haynes Francis Morgan George Kendrick Edward Stratford William Thursby Harvy Ekins Christopher Mountague Henry Farmer Henry Edmondf William Tate Tobias Chauncy Francis Wodhall Esquires Samuel Tryon Esquire John Hodges of Songrave Gent Thornton of Brockhall John Langham Esq, Richard Kinsman John Knight Thomas Pemberton Robert Andrew Thomas Jenningf Joseph Aris of Adston Francis Jackson William Martin Richard Fisher Gentlemen I*

For the Towne of Northampton

The Mayor of Northampton for the time being Sir Justinian Isham Baronett Sir William Langham Knight Thomas Andrew Esquire Sir John Holman Baronett William Thursby Esquire Robert Haslerigg Gerrard Gore Robert Bretton Richard Willoughby Esquires John Knight Gentleman [Francis1] Arundell Richard Rainsford Francis Morgan Esquires llarvy Ekins Edward Stratford Esquires Samuell Clifford Gentleman John Selby Robert Ives William Ellce Thomas Chadwick John Clarke senior Robert Stiles Theophilus Whishton William Wallis Daniell Herbert Thomas Withom James Greene I*

For the County of Northumberland:

The Honourable Charles Mountague The Honourable Ralph Grey Sir Ralph Delavall Sir Charles Heron Sir Thomas Lorraine Sir Robert Eden Sir Edward Blackett Sir Francis Lyddell Baronett? Sir Ralph Jennison Sir Francis Blake Sir Orlando Gee Knight? William Forster Philipp Bickerstaffe Roger Fenwick Samuell Ogle George Nicholas Thomas Forster John Shafto Robert Mitford of Sighill Thomas Forster of Comhill Thomas Collingwood Thomas Beach John Blackiston Robert Bewick John Carnaby William Strother of Foberry William Ogle Ralph Ogle William Carr Michaell Weldon Henry Holmes Charles Howard Robert Mitford of Mitford Syrtus Swinburne William Taylor Joseph Carr Patricius Crow William Reavely Edward Delavall Thomas Blenkishipp Robert Hebbume John Bacon John Blackett John Addison Robert Lawson Thomas Algood Robert Shafto John Rogers Ralph Williamson William Cole Henry Forster Esquires Robert Lisle John Pro&er Richard Forster John CouJson Samuell Salkeild William Ramsey of Brinckbume William Strother of Grindon Rigg Francis Forster Henry Collingwood John Gray The Bailliff? of Morpeth for the time being Robert Fenwick Ralph Gray of Backworth George Lawson John Fenwick Ralph Brandling Gilbert Parke George Wilson Ralph Anderson William Pierson Thomas Gray John Story William Lock of Alnewick Thomas Burrell Robert Lisle of Hasell Robert Fenwick of Morpeth Lancelott Algood John Armstrong Anthony Sharp John Carr William Pierson John Coatesworth of the Hermitage Roger Wilson of Wallick Robert Coatesworth William Charleton of Lee-Hall John Rowland of Polland Robert W'atson Thomas Reavely Gentlemen John Forster of Styford Thomas Turnbull Gentlemen Edward Delavall Esquire Thomas Owen Rupert Billingsley Esquires

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tyne:

The Mayor Recorder Aldermen and Sheriffe for the time being Tymothy Davison John Blakiston Joseph Carr John Rogers Henry Holmes Marke Shafto Samuell Ogle Suertis Swinburne Thomas Bewick Benjamin Davison George Winfield Esquires Robert Fenwick Jonathan Hargraves Thomas Hutchinson John Cuthbertson William Morton Gentlemen William Christian John Romney Esquires

For the Towne of Berwick: upon Tweed

Edward Nelson Esquire Mayor Sir Francis Blake Samuell Ogle William Carr Rupert Billingsley Esquires John Luck John Pratt Ephraim Nealson Stephen Jackson John Forster Aldermen Adam Wilson John Pigg Robert Simson Joseph Ord Bailiff? Joseph Dickenson Towne-Clerke William Scott Anthony Countonc Robert Wratson Edward Ord Arthur Admeston Cuthbert Brady John Stanton:

For the County of Nottingham

The Right Honourable William Lord Elland Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Marquesse of Hallifax The Honourable Anchitel Gray Esquire The Honourable William Byron Esquire Sir Francis Molineux Baronett Sir Thomas Parkins Baronett Sir Scroope How Sir William Stanhope Knights William Pierrepont Robert Sacheverell Richard Mansfeild Thomas Lewis William Williams Charles Hutchinson Philipp Sherard Arthur Warren Gervas Pigott Richard Slater Patricius C.haworth James Farwell Thomas Charleton Thomas Manley George Gregory Beaumont Parkvns Christopher Rolleston Gilbert Millington Robert Sherbroke William Burnell Charles Stanhope Darcy Molineux John

1 in 0.

? Thomas O.

6 U

534

A.I).\69\.

6°& 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

Digby William Pinkney William Brownlow Thomas Newdigate Cecill Cooper Jerman Ireton Francis Sandys Isaac Knight John Thornhagh John White Gervas Eyre Francis Stringer Thomas Hewett Richard Taylor Edward Mellish John Clerkson John Rayner Peter Broughton Richard Lloyd William Simpson Thomas Thoroton Esquires Samuell Cromwell Doctor of Physick Thomas Mansfield John Kerchevile Jeffery Brooke senior John Storey William Wollhouse Robert Porter John Scrimshire Richard Janes Henry Bambridge Thomas Sharpe Robert Hacker John Brough George Brough Thomas Bristow JohnStrey Henry Sherbrooke Richard Neale John Neal John Chappell Hugh Baskervile Richard Burbridge Edward Southworth Thomas Sherbrooke John Grundy Jeremy Halfehyde George Wharton Gentlemen The two Bailifff of East Retford and [the1] Aldermen of the same for the time being The Mayor of Newark for the time being The six senior Aldermen for the time being Doctor Yarborough Samuell Ellys Timothy Ellys. Snell William Clay Gentlemen

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham:

The Mayor and Aldermen for the time being William Pierrepont Alexander Stanhope James Farewell Richard Mansfeild George Gregory Samuell Hallowes Esquires George Langford Charles Harvey John Hawkins Thomas Collins John Crisp Joseph Turpin John Hydes John Sherwin Robert Porter Abraham Metcalfe John Richardf Lawrence Athorpe Gentlemen:

For the County of Oxford

% •

The Right Honourable Edward Lord Viscount Cornbury Sonne and Heire Apparent of Henry Earle of Clarendon Mountague Lord Norreys Sonne and Heire Apparent of James Earle of Abingdon The Right Honourable Richard Hampden Esquire one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Henry Bertie Esquire Sir John Cope Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Doyly Sir Fairmedon Penniston Sir John Walter Sir Henry Ashurst Sir William Glynn Sir Edward Fettiplace Sir Lacy Osbaldeston Sir Robert Dashwood Sir Robert Barkham Sir John Holman Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Thomas Cobb Sir William Rich Baronettf Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Norreys Sir Tymothy Tyrrell Sir Thomas Row Sir Henry Johnson Sir Edmond Warcupp Sir William Whitlock Sir Sebastian Smith Sir Robert Sheppard Knightf Anthony Hungerford Richard Libb John Stone Charleton Stone Edward Barry John Hampden George Alnutt Henry Alnutt Francis Clarke William Lenthall John Dormer George Chamberlaine William Gannock Thomas Hord William Bayly John Croke Harry Cole Henry Heylin Robert Barber Robert Perrott James Perrott Simon Ilarcourt Richard Bowel! William Pudsey Henry Hall John Wallis James Herbert William Tipping of Ewelme Arthur Warren Robert Jennings James Jennings Thomas Wheate Alexander Denton Robert Mayott Humphrey Wickham Simon Whorwood a Deane John Danvers Ralph Ilolt Samuell Trotman Tho. Crisp Thomas Carter Thomas Napper Francis Norreys Charles Holloway Esquires Henry Alworth Henry Beeston Doctors in Law Cartwright of Ayno William Oakley John Gunn Thomas

Pudsey Roger Price Thomas Woodhall William Jennings William Blake Richard Brideoake John Scroope of Wormely Thomas Rowney William Aldworth Auditor John Pollard John West Esquires Justinian Sheppard Lenthall Trotman John Bray Joseph [Rawlinson2] William Walker Sunnybank Veysey William Sacheverell Thomas Osbaldeston Henry Peacock Thomas Jordan George Tipping of Dracott Bartholomew Harris William Parsons Edmond Woodward.

Gregory ofillorley John Cary Richard Taylor of Wilscott Francis Knapp Robert Parsons Martin May Henry Streete Smith of Kidlington Hind of Hampton Gay John Higford Gilbert

Jackson Gentlemen Phillipp Wenman Esquire Henry Stevens Adam Springall Thomas Brightham Francis Greenway Richard Eyans Anthony Eyans George Cave Richard Thompson John Coghill Sutton Coghill John Wheeler John Crisp John Croker Lawrence Lord John Dodwell John Wise of Draton John Smith Gyles Diston Thomas Rolls Richard Croke Richard Blackhall George Gooding of Latchford Whorwood of Tackly Robert Standard

John Coker Bezaliel Knight John Winlow Edward Whistler of Gatehampton Gentlemen John Machell Esquire The Mayor Aldermen and Towne-Clerke of the Towne of Woodstock for the time being The Mayor [Aldermen Recorder3] and Towne-Clerke of Banbury for the time being The Warden of Henly for the time being The Bailifff of Burford Chipping-Norton and Witnessfor the time being John Langston Gentleman John Hawkins Esquire

For the University of Oxford

Doctor Henry Aldrich Deane of Christchurch and Vice-Chancellor The Honourable Heneage Finch Esquire William Leopald Finch Warden of All-Souls Colledge Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Doctor Henry Beeston Warden of New Colledge Doctor William Levintz President of Saint Johns Colledge Doctor Tymothy Halton Provost of Quefcnes Colledge Doctor William Jane the Divinity Professor Doctor Ralph Bathurst President of Trinity Colledge Doctor Thomas Turner President of Corpus Christi Colledge Doctor Richard Lydall Warden of Merton Colledge Doctor Jonathan Edwardf Principall of Jesus Colledge Doctor [Robert4] Mander Master of Baliol Colledge Doctor Fitz-herbert Adams Rector of Lincolne Colledge Doctor Arthur Charlett Master of University Colledge Doctor Thomas Bayly Principall of New Inn Hall Doctor Richard Adams Principall of Magdalen Hall Doctor John Hamond The ProCtors for the time being Benjamin Cooper Thomas Rowney senior Thomas Rowney junior John Fulks Theophilus Poynter William Taylor George Thomson Jacob Robart Gentlemen

For the City of Oxford:

The Mayor and Bailifff for the time being The Right Honourable Mountague Lord Norreys Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Abingdon The Honourable Henry Bertie Esquire Sir Edward Norreys Knight Sir John

1 0. omits. 4 Rawlison O. 9 Recorder Aldermen 0. 4 Roger 0.

A.l).\69\.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

535

Cope Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Doily Sir Robert Dashwood Sir Henry Ashhurst Baronettf Sir William Walker Sir Edmond Warcupp Sir Sebastian Smith Sir Robert Harrison Knightf John Townesend Thomas Eustace Richard Hawkins Aldermen William Wright Recorder Henry Ashhurst Esquire Tobias Browne Thomas Hunsdon Alexander Wright T'homas Carter Taylor White Assistantf Charles Holloway Esquire John Bateman Colonell

Henry Cope Anthony Eyans Gentlemen Samuell Thurston Towne-Clerke Daniell Porter

For the County of Rutland:

The Right Honourable Bennett Lord Sherard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Noell Esquire The Honourable Philipp Sherard Esquire Sir Thomas Mackworth Baronett Sir Thomas Barker Baronett William Palmes Esquire Bennett Sherard Esquire John Verney Esquire Eusebius Boswell Charles Halford John Browne Robert Mackworth Edward Browne Cornelius Burton Anthony Palmer Clement Breton Armine Bullingham John Weever Richard Halford Charles Tyrrell Anthony Wingfeild Wellesbome Sill Thomas Marsh Richard Snow Christopher Ciitheroe Richard Peache Thomas Hayes Esquires Richard Matthew Andrew Burton John Baker William Rice William Robertf Gentlemen

For the County of Salop:

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the House of Comons Master of the Rolls and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Richard Lord Newport Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Bradford Andrew Newport Esquire Sir Charles Littleton Sir John Leveson Gower Sir William Whitmore Sir John Corbett Sir Humphry Briggf Sir Francis Lawlcy Sir Uvedale Corbett Sir Edward Aston Sir Richard Middleton Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Job Charleton Sir Thomas Wolrich Sir Francis Edwards Sir William Williams Sir Edward Leighton Baronettf Sir Thomas Travell Sir Lacon Child Sir Robert Owen Sir Henry Gough Sir William Forrester Sir Littleton Powys Sir Thomas Powys Knightf Jervas Pierrepont William Fowler Francis Charleton and John Charleton of Apley Arthur Mainwaring Richard Lister Edward Kinaston of Ottley John Kinaston of Hordley Francis Prince Francis Herbert Roger Owen and Edward Owen of Candover George Weld William Oakely Thomas Spratt Richard Corbett Robert Corbett Thomas Rock John Coates Charles Coates Richard Moore Walter Waring Charles Baldwyn Robert Cresset Robert Owen Roger Pope senior Roger Pope junior Richard Creswell John Lacon Thomas Oatley Henry Newton Francis Charleton of Whitton John Bridgman John Soley Joseph Soley Thomas Cornwall Bartholomew Luttly Phillipp Luttley Thomas Hanmer Henry Davenport Eldred Lancellott Lee Thomas Lister senior Thomas Lister junior Thomas Langley Robert Harley Thomas Child William Williams Gough of the Marsh John Thomas John Huxley senior John Huxley junior John

Chetwind Edward Kerry Orlando Niccollf Richard Mitton Edward Vaughan Edward Cludd Edward Kinnersley Rowland Hunt Thomas Corbett Jonathan Langley Thomas Edwardf Robert Clowes William Gower John Taileure Thomas Burton Thomas Smalman Soudley Eyton Robert Pigott [Thomas Pigott'] William Young Thomas Wingfeild Thomas Mackworth John Edwardf of Rorington John Powell Thomas Powell of Parke John Waiter Francis Berkley Arthur Weaver James Grove Thomas Jobber Robert Lloyd Henry Mitton William Haward Edward Barrett Edward Jenningf Edward Whitchcott Edward Owen of Pulley Thomas Jones of Sandford Thomas Barnes Thomas Jones Barrister att Law Ralph Browne Thomas Sandford Stephen Downes Richard Leighton Rowland Cotton of Belleport Andrew Charleton Esquires [John1] Gardiner Job Walker Edward Donne Thomas Severne Roger Trevor William Adams senior William Adams junior Edward Kinnaston of Hordley Doctor Hoi lings Richard Alkin John Grove Samuell Davison The Mayor of Salop for the time being The Baylifff of Bridgnorth for the time being The Baylifff of Bishops-Castle for the time being The Baylifff of Wenlock for the time being The Mayor and Coroner of Oswestry for the time being Samuell Adderton John Hill Richard Hosier Buckley Mackworth Richard Salter Edward Gosncll Jonathan Scott Collins Wolrich Robert Wood Thomas Owen Charles Kinaston Simon Hanmer Gentlemen John Cole of Salop Roger Griffiths John Kinaston Richard Higgons Richard Presland George Hosier John Williams and Gabrieli Wood Esquires Rowland Baugh John Edwardf of Nesse William Leeke Thomas A£ton Richard Betton Arthur Devereux Adam Waring John Walcott junior George Walcott senior William Grosvenor Richard Jenkins Richard Stanier of Aston John Stanier Philipp Cotton Samuell Bowdler of Arlscott John Langley of the Amies Thomas Crompton Lancelott Stephens John Mason of Muchwenlock Doctor Atkinson Doctor Pigott Timothy Hassall William Hammond of Bridgnorth Samuell Sandford George Chambre Jonathan Wingfeild George Walker William Kinaston Edward Kettleby junior Shepherd of Bitterly William Boycott Richard

Ridley Robert Smith John Fowler Thomas Mason Charles Mason William Farnollf John Owsley of Bridgnorth William Bridgen Richard Walker Richard Deaves Thomas Wicksted of Bridgnorth Richard Bradley Alexander Middleton Edward Matthews John Fleming Humphrey Owen Samuell Hunt Arthur Tongue John Clarke Richard Jenks of Drayton Thomas Howell junior John Tranter Jeremiah Browne Thomas Rogers John Morris Medlicott of Medlicott George Hudson Thomas Jones of Preese William Jordan

For the Towne of Ludlow:

The Bailifff and Aldermen for the time being Sir Job Charleton Baronett Sir Littleton Powys Knight Silas Titus Francis Herbert Francis Lloyd Recorder Matthew Price Richard Stedman Edward Littleton William Gower Richard Higgens Esquires John Atkinson Francis Bailey Doctors of Physick Valentine Dawes Thomas Lea John Stead Samuell Bowdler Thomas Sabury John Acton William Price John Beeston Job Walker Gentlemen I*

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Thomas O.

536

6° & 7° G u l. & Mar. c. 3.

A.D. 1694.

For the County of Somersett:

John Lord Viscount Fitzharding of the Kingdom of Ireland Francis Lord Hawley of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Edward Seymour Sir John Sydenham Sir John Smith Sir Thomas Wroth Sir Edward Windham Sir John Trivilian Sir Francis Warr Sir John Moreton Sir John Saint-Barb Sir William C.ann Baronettf Sir Edward Phillipps Sir Thomas Bridges Sir Stephen Fox Sir William Wogan Sir George Norton Sir Thomas Travill Sir Charles Carterett Sir Richard Hart Sir John Knight Sir Henry Gould Knightf Henry Portman Thomas Strangwayes George Horner Alexander Popham Edward Berkley Nathaniell Palmer Hopton Wyndham John Wyndham John Speke John Sandford John Hunt Alexander Lutterell Joseph Langton William Blathwaite Edward Clarke Edward Gorges William Hellier senior William Hellier junior Carew Mildmay John Pigott Edward Baber William Gore George Long William Lacy Edmond Wyndham Baldwyn Mallett Richard Townes Thomas Bere of Huntsome William Strode Anthony Ettericke (*) John Harrington Richard Morgan Thomas Moore Charles Steyningf James Prouse John Champneys Henry Henley senior Henry Henley junior Harry Roynon William Coward William Philips William Player George Musgrave William Hilliard of [Seal] Anthony Stocker John How Henry Lite Henry Mompesson Thomas Strode Robert Sydertin William Harbin John Bluett of Knole Andrew Crosse George Clarke George [Dodington3] of [DodingtonJ] George [Dodington3] of Wells James C.adie Robert Long Francis Vaughan Richard Lansdowne Thomas Dyke Thomas Carew William Catford John Worth Gustavus Venner Edward Dyke William Hughes William Westly John Hody senior John Hody junior John Webb Gerrard Newcourt Thomas Langton Nicholas Ashford William Codrington William Blackford Richard Cox James Twyford William Speke of White-Lackinton Gentlemen Robert Yates Thomas Edwardf Edward Strode of Deane Samuell Cabell Charles Buckland Thomas Gale Roger Leversage John Creswick William Whitchurch John Buckland John Everard Edmond Bowyer Samuell Horner John Strachey George Prater Nicholas Francis William Francis Henry Winter Thomas Samborne Philipp Bennett John Acourt Edward Thurston William Lucy Thomas Ledgingham Samuell Raymond Henry Brett Robert Blake Thomas Sumner Marshall Bridges Smart Goodenough Robert Pierce of Bath Matthias Hanvile Cornelius Lyde William Lyde William Bolton Thomas Compton John Brice John Blinman John Merefield John Williams Thomas Napper John Hobbs Thomas Langdon David Yea John Browne Edward Ryder Thomas Bacon John Keene Henry Proctor Henry Bonner William Mann Thomas Hawker Esquires Francis Hobart senior William Bisgood Richard Snow Barnard Smith Thomas Baker John Frind Samuell Bindon Thomas Groves Thomas Towellf Nicholas Marshall John Berrisford William Webber Robert Smith junior William How Thomas Rodbart Thomas Jenningf John Cousins John Bond Theodore Gulston William Speke of Jordans Philibert Cogan Gentlemen John Peryam Doctor Hall George Vaughan Esquires William Okeden Edward Gathampton.

Wellman of Bi$hopps-[Hall4] Thomas Bonner Anthony Poole John Gold Nathaniell Pitt Gentlemen I*

For the City and County of the City of Bristoll:

Sir Thomas Day Mayor Sir William Cann Baronett Sir Richard Hart Sir Richard Crump Sir Thomas Earle Sir John Knight Sir William Clutterbutk Sir William Hayman Sir John Duddlestone Serjeant Powlett Recorder John Hickf William Crabb Joseph Creswickf William Swymmer Richard Lane William Jackson Arthur Hart Robert Yate the Sherifff for the time being John Dutton Colt John [Ramsey5] Joseph Knight Nathaniell Haggett Giles Merricke George Morgan Edward Tocknell John Sanford Samuell Wallis John Hyde Thomas Cole John Bubb John Blackwell Robert Dowting John Bradway William Opie James Pope Henry Combs Marmaduke Boudler John Batchelor Joseph Tiley Thomas Edwardf John Cary Nathaniell Wade Esquires

For the City of Bath

Sir Edward Nevill William Blathwaite Joseph Langton Esquires The Mayor and Aldermen for the time being Doctor Robert Pierce

For the City of Wells:

The Mayor for the time being William Coward John Davis George Dodington William Westley William Hughs

For the Borough of Bridgewater

The Mayor for the time being Sir Francis Warr Baronett Francis Tuthill Roger Hoar Aldermen Robert Balch John Harvey of the Castle George Cran Alexander Popham John Gilbert Thomas Bere Gentlemen

For the County of Stafford

The Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Massareene of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Gray I he Honourable Henry Pagett The Honourable Robert Shirley The Honourable William Ward The Honourable Clotworthy Skeffington Esquires Sir Thomas Peshall Sir John Leveson Gower Sir Walter Wrotesly Sir Walter Bagott Sir Edward Littleton Sir Charles Worsley Sir Francis Lawley Sir Thomas Bellott Sir Michaell Biddulph Baronettf Sir Charles Littleton Knight and Baronett Sir Brian Broughton Knight and Baronett Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Gilbert Clarke Sir Henry Gough Sir Charles Skyrmsher Knightf Thomas Brought on Edward Littleton Robert Burdett Robert Wolsley John Chetwynd Edward Byrch Serjeant att Lawe Richard Dyott Thomas

1 William Etterick 0.

• Sia O.

* Dodrington O.

« Hull 0.

1 Romsey 0.

/l.lUGi)*.

6° Sc 7° Gvl. Sc Mar. c. 3.

537

Foley senior Thomas Foley junior Thomas Turton Richard Wilkes Thomas Leigh Philipp Foley William Sneyd Ralph Sneyd senior Ralph Sneyd junior Thomas Lane John Lane Humphrey Wirley Robert Leveson Rowland Oakeover John Lawton George Rodney Bridges, Thomas Kynnersley George Vernon Henry Vernon Thomas Crompton John Every Thomas Rudyard John Hoo William Parker George Parker Thomas Parker William Inge Philipp Hollins Matthew Floyer Philipp Pargiter Jonas Grosvenor William Cotton Thomas Orine John Bagnail James Whitehall Edward Foden Copwood Hollins Michaell Noble Charles Coates John Bulkley of Stanloe Francis Elde William Nabbs Francis Wolverston Richard Pyott Benjamin Jolliffe William Jolliffe Rowland Frith Thomas Lacey William Millward John Shilton Lambert Bagott John Newton Henry Leigh John Chetwood John Wedgwood Nicholas Noble Thomas Whitby James Wood John Beresford Francis Whitwick John Whitwick Daniell Watson William Bendy William Anson John Huntbach Peter Warburton William Trafford senior William Trafford junior Thomas Scott Thomas Jevon Christopher Lea Samuell Pipe Thomas Foley of Stokewart Thomas Bagnail Michaell Brandrith Edward Short Walter Fowler Jonas Astley John Browne John Amplet Thomas Browne Walter Moseley John Baddiley Richard Whitworth Edwrard Barbour John Young James Rudyard Gabrieli Wood Henry Bracegirdle John Wheeler of Wollaston John Jervis John Dolphin junior Samuell Hunt Isaak Hawkins Esquires The Mayor of Stafford for the time being Edward Foden Recorder Thomas Pigott William Oldfeild William Nabbs Esquires John Taylor William Feake John Williamson Thomas Abnett Nehemiah Farmer Humphrey Perry William Murrall John Wilson Sampson Birch Walter Collins William Abnett Edward Bird Joseph Doedy Thomas Lewis Gentlemen The Bailifff of Tamworth for the time being Michaell Biddulph Esquire Nicholas Parker Charles Baynton George Alsopp Samuell Beardesly Gentlemen The Mayor of Newcastle for the time being William Burslem William Baddiley William Boghay William Lawton Thomas Forden William Middleton John Burgis Gentlemen The Mayor of Warshall for the time being I*

For the City and County of the City of Litchfield:

The Bailifff and Sherifff for the time being William Marshall William Bailey Gentlemen Sir Michaell Biddulph Baronett Sir John Floyer Knight Robert Burdett Richard Dyott Philipp Pargiter Richard Pyott Esquires Thomas Hammond Richard Johnson John Rawlins Richard Barnes Richard Wakefield William Jesson William Walmesley Robert Lloyd Gentlemen

For the County of Southampton:

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons Master of the Rolls and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire Apparent of Charles Duke of Bolton and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable William Lord Pawlett Second Sonne to the Duke of Bolton Richard Earle of Ranelagh of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable James Lord Russell Sonne to the Duke of Bedford The Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire The Right Honourable John Lord Cutts of the Kingdome of Ireland Govemour of the Isle of Wight The Honourable Francis Pawlett Esquire Sir Robert Worsley Sir John Mil If Sir John Button Sir Hugh Stewkley Sir John Dillington Sir Nicholas Stuart Sir John Hobby Sir Andrew Henly Sir Richard Onslow Sir Heele Hooke Sir John Saint Barbe—Sir Robert Smith Baronettf Sir Charles Windham Sir James Worsley Sir Benjamin Newland Sir William Kingsmill Sir William Stephens Sir Richard Harris Sir Thomas Miller Knightf Thomas Earle Governour of Portsmouth Thomas Hopson Richard Norton John Wallupp Thomas Jervoise George Putt Thomas Hobby Gabrieli Whistler Ralph Hasting Henry Dawley Frederick Tilney Richard Holt John Leigh Richard Cobb Richard Knight Esquires Sir Francis Massham Baronett Sir Charles (1) Cole The Honourable John Smith one of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury White Titchburne John [Pulten *] Richard Bishopp Richard Chandeler William Bishopp Samuell Gawden Charles Morley George Bridges Charles Wither George Abbott Richard Leveson John Fawkenner Thomas Brocas John Corners the Kings Councill Anthony Henley Richard Norton of Alsford Richard Willoughby Edward Goddard Reynoldf Calthrop Walter Stephens James Hunt of Popham Oliver Cromwell Edward Chute Henry Bromfeild John Burrard Henry Compton Henry Hooke Edward Fleming Robert Knollis Lewis Buckle Arthur Hide Francis Dickens Esquires Sir Charles Shuckburrow Baronett Henry Perrin Doctor of Physick Nicholas Hedger Richard Stanley Thomas Tutt Benjamin Timewell Robert Shales William Coleman Henry Tulse Edward Hooper Charles Duncombe Benjamin Ruddiard Thomas Wither William Norton Robert Michell Thomas Bulkley William Batten Roger Barten George Duke George Nicholas Thomas Edtnundf Thomas Dowse of Wallup Thomas Dowse of Brooke John [Rives1] of Drayton John [Rives1] of Bransbury Ralph Bucknall Edward Pile Thomas Cobb Ralph Hastingf junior Christopher Stokes Edward Pollen William Stephens Richard Pile Thomas Fhz-James John Lisle Cornelius Cornwallis William Knapton Edward Lisle Thomas Dore William Guydott John Gibson Samuell Pittman George Brampston Doctor of Law Roger Mompesson [William1] Stroude James Dewy William Hearst Dutton Gifford Charles How William Coker Doctor of Physick Henry Hunt Henry Holmes Charles Stuart Thomas Scott Lawrence Jackson Goddard

of Woodhay Captaine Hedges Captaine Lane Doctor Thomas Clutterbuck William Cage Roger Gollop John Worsley James Worsley Henry Mewx Thomas Urry of Fresh Water David Urry of Easton Thomas Urry of Gatcombe David Urry of Gatcombe Doctor Morley of Bishopps Waltham Major Henry Worsley William Fielder John Priaulx James Hooper John Bowerman John Lewknor Christopher Knight Francis Ashley Dottor Thomas Hobbs Doctor Barlow Maurice Hunt Richard Kent Adam de-Cardonnell John Speede Doctor of Physick

Ellis Mew Thomas Coward Robert Love Esquires Doctor William Over Bennett of Farum Francis

Mills George Burrard John Adlon Anthony Bathurst Joseph Harwood James Feild Charles Dingley Richard Beele

1 Barrington Charles O. * Pullen 0. ® Rivers 0. 4 Edward 0.

6 X

538

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 1694.

Giles Liford Allen Garway John Miller Anthony Sturt Edward Goodier Esquires Anthony Guydott John Kaiger Thomas Broomefeild Walter Thomas Thomas Benham Edward Hooker junior William Walden John Hawkesworth Gentlemen Henry Fleming George Morley Esquires Charles Trades Thomas Cranely William Dale of Christchurch Cornelius Macham Alexander Alcome The Mayor of Winton for the time being Thomas Coward Recorder Richard Good Thomas Weavell Godson Penton John Warner James Earle Ellis Mews John Purdue James Barfoote Henry Sharpe Thomas Pink Aldermen Paul Burrard Doctor William Over Henry Ghost Thomas Cropp Thomas Henslow Lewis Bilson Richard Jervois Esquires William Goldwyer The Bayliffe of Andover for the time being George Vernon Esquire John Kyle Edward Warum Nicholas Flower John Bray Gentlemen The Mayor of Portsmouth for the time being George Everenden Lewis Barten John Blakely John White Edward Batten Henry Player Robert Lee of Newport Henry Grace The Mayor of Petersfeild for the time being William Day John Palmer Richard Marks John Clementf Edward Rookf John Feather Gentlemen The Mayor of Newport for the time being Robert Leigh Eustace Man Henry Worsley Esquires John Bowler John Stephens David Urry of Aston William Stephens of West Cowes Edward Stephens Timothy Lucas John Uneham Francis Deacon William Kiblewhite Edward Hales of Newrport William Loveing Peter Gardf William Legg Thomas Newmam Gentlemen I*

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Southampton I*

The Mayor for the time being John Windham Esquire Recorder John Speede Doctor of Physick William Bulkley Esquire Thomas Cornelius James Crosse Adam de Cardonell Richard White Cornelius Macham John Smith Christopher Smith William Line Elias de Gruchye Robert Culliford Thomas Bracebridge John Leigh James Mellish Alexander Alcorne John Thornbury Goldsmith Peter Bunkley Roger Clutterbuck John Winter Leonard Cropp Peter Bulkley Gentlemen I*

For the County of Suffolk

Lionell Lord Hunringtowre of the Kingdome of Scotland Hildebrand Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Charles Cornwallis Esquire Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Lord Cornwallis Sir Robert Bacon Sir Adam Felton Sir John Barker Sir John Playter Sir Robert Kempe Sir Simon Dewes Sir John Castleton Sir Dudley Cullum Sir Henry North Sir Jarvase Elwes Sir John Rowse Sir Thomas Allen Sir Thomas Barnardiston Sir John Duke Sir Philipp Parker Sir Samuell Barnardiston Sir Francis Masham Sir Robert Davers Sir Thomas Spring Sir Charles Blose Sir William Cooke Sir John Cotton Baronettf Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronett Sir John Poley Sir George Weneyve Sir Nevill Catelyn Sir Henry Johnson Sir Joseph Brand Sir Richard Gipps Sir Cesar Wood alias Cranmer Sir Charles Umphreville Sir Francis Blundell The Right Honourable Sir Stephen Fox Knight one of the Lords Comissioners of the Treasury Sir Isaac Rebow Knight William Maynard Nicholas Bacon Thomas Holland Thomas Felton Compton Felton Thomas Glemham Thomas Knyvett Lyonell Playters Henry Heveningham William Bridgman Henry Parker Will. Barker Francis Barker William Johnson Thomas Tyrrell Charles Bloss Charles Knipe John Hunt Edmond Warren John Robinson John Thurston Rich. Norton Robert Maddox Henry Warner Thomas Aldham Edward Hubbard Henry Poley John Brayme Thomas Salter Pliillipp Beddingfeild Robert King Richard Buckingham Hammond L'Estrange John Scrivener Charles Smith Edward North William Ryvatt James Calthorpe John Cornwallis Francis Smith of Thrandiston Thomas Smith of Barton William Croftf (') John Wright Edmond Bence Robert Barker Robert Naunton John Currance Thomas Wright Henry Edgar Samuell Ward Arthur Barnardiston Lawrence Rowse junior Thomas Golding John Bence George Fleetewood Robert Warryn Aubry Porter John Hervey Christopher Calthorpe John Jermy of Sutton Anthony Wrath senior Anthony Wrath junior Allen Cotton Edward Alpe Edmond Shephard John Smith of Parkefeild William Cullum Thomas Rivett Charles Killigrew Charles Pigeon John Beaumont Thomas Smith of Baughton Nicholas Bragg Charles Whitacre John Hooke Doctor Thomas Carver William Betts Captaine Finn William Poley Robert Cuddon John Catesby John Browne Charles Wood alias Cranmer Roger Kerrington Thomas Neale Thomas Dye Thomas Else Nicholas Freeman John Pellf Edward Alston John Felton Peter Alderman John Spink Renaldo Pittfeild John Gerling Gregory Clarke William Randall Thomas Dade Thomas Wright senior Thomas Barnardiston Samuell Barnardiston Richard Wareing Thomas Brand John Barker of Wickham Edward Jenny Thomas Bright William Hammond Samuell Clarke William Cooke Andrews Warner John Hill Samuell Blackerby Richard Porter John Brand John E)dred of Saxam John Wild senior Philipp French William Hammond of Whitton John Bass Samuell Baker Thomas Owen Thomas Aldridge William Lucas Samuell Pacy Thomas Bendish Bartholomew Soame William Bright Robert Russell Edward Gale Thomas Folkes John Nichollf senior Francis Haylocke Henry Ward Henry North Lawrence Stisted Richard Phillipps Robert Clarke William Tye Richard Marriot William Fowles Joseph Weld Nathaniell Simondf Richard Fryer John Inwood Charles Downeing Esquires Thomas Palmer Massingbourne Gawdy (*) William Neve William Glascock Thomas Barnardiston of Ketton Robert Kempe Thomas Cullum Robert Brooke John Gurdon Francis Smith of the Lee William Brand Jacob Brand Gilbert Dolben Esquires Thomas Ashby William Russell William Coe John Russell Robert Darkin John Canham Joseph Browne Richard Vesey John Fryer of Finningham Gentlemen Anthony Fisher [John*] Craske junior Robert Chaplyn Robert Snelling William Beaumont John Brandling Esquires Edmond [Arris4] Richard Freestone Bartholomew Young Thomas Scarlett Andrew Brownesmith Thomas Fothergill John Pinchback John Buxton Thomas Mitchell Nicholas Edgar George Watts Richard Jenkinson Edmond Plume Thomas Bright junior Devereux Edgar John Spencer Edmond Jenny John Rabbett of Bramfeild Samuell Grove Thomas Macroe junior Gentlemen Richard Ferrier Thomas Hayward of Clare Simon Dove ot Iiadleigh William Flack John Fowle George Gooday Esquires William Turner Jeffery Maltiward James Harvey of Cockfeild Richard Pupplett Robert May Edward Goate John Goodwin of Martlesham George Gale Gentlemen George Dashwood

1 Anthony Crofts O.

• Gent 0.

3 James 0.

« Artis 0.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

539

John Simpson Robert Keddington John Barrett of Stradbrooke Philipp Bacon John Morden Wicksted Well Joseph Weld John Pamphlyn Robert Judd Thomas Wright junior Edmond Coleman Thomas King Thomas Taylor Edmond Warner Esquires John Sparham Charles Downeing Thomas Palmer Gentlemen Sir Francis Bickley Thomas Cropley John Folkes Thomas Hastingf Thomas Ewen Joseph Hastingf William Byatt William Nelson Stephen Alcocke John Haughscn Esquires Thomas Coleman senior John Perry Joshua Artis Henry Wood alias Webb Thomas Knights Edmond Foster Richard Gardener Gentlemen Daniell Procter John Brewster George Coldham Esquires.

For the Borough of Ipswich

The Bailifff for the time being Sir John Barker Sir Charles Blois Baronettf Charles Whitacre Esquire Recorder Charles Wright Lawrence Stisted Richard Phillipps John Burrough William Neave William Browne John Wade Miles Wallis Henry Sparrow William Tye Thomas Day Samuell Reynolds Richard Puplett Robert Smith Thomas Bright Thomas Bowie Robert Clarke Towne-Clerke Gentlemen Devereux Edgar Henry North Philipp Bacon Esquires Doctor John Dade Doctor John Wallace Thomas Wright senior Henry Stebbing Robert Hamby Edward Gaell Robert Snelling John Pemberton John Gulston Henry Skinner Edward Veron Gentlemen John Wright Esquire .*•

For the Borough of Eye:

The Baylifff for the time being Henry Poley Thomas D'Avenant Thomas Deye senior Henry Edgar Thomas Browne Nathaniell Deye Thomas Deye junior Gentlemen Thomas Flowerdy John Smith Thomas Chenery Thomas Buxton Robert Bach junior Richard Harding James Harvey

For the Borough of Sudbury:

The Mayor for the time being Sir Thomas Bamardiston Sir Jervas Elwes Sir Samuell Barnardiston Baronettf John Robinson Edmond Coleman Recorder John Gibbon Esquires John Catesby John Parish Bernard Carter Richard Hobard William Cock Samuell Abbott William Hasell William Fothergill Robert Chaplin Martin Harris Clement Ray Henry Crossman William Halls Robert Gurling Benjamin Carter Thomas Carter Thomas Flails senior Samuell Hasell James Cole Gentlemen .*•

For the Borough of Dunwich:

The Baylifff and Aldermen for the time being Sir Robert Kempe Baronett Sir Robert Rich Knight and Baronett John Bence Thomas Neale Esquires William Betts William Hammond John Postle '•

For the Borough of St. Edmonds-Bury

The Aldermen for the time being The Recorder for the time being James Burrough Henry Guybon Samuell Grove Richard Pryme Thomas Macro senior (') Martin Spenceley Samuell Battley Gentlemen Sir Robert Davers Baronett John Harvey Thomas Holland Esquires I-

For the Towne of Orford

The Mayor for the time being Sir John Duke Baronett Thomas Glemham Thomas Felton (') Thomas Hastings Joseph Hastingf John Sanders Richard Porter Thomas Palmer John Morgan John Sired Daniell Whidby William Robinson John Stephens Thomas Thurston John Brady John Hooke Richard Gooding Nathaniell Gooding William Benington

For the Borough of Aldborough

The Baylifff for the time being Sir Henry Johnson William Johnson John Bence Esquires Thomas Neal Recorder John Browne Thomas Wall Richard Coveil Edward Wall John Borwood James Peck Richard Borwood Alexander Osborne Gentlemen

For the County of Surrey:

The Right Honourable Sir Robert Howard one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Honourable Heneage Finch Esquire The Honourable Francis Coventry Flsquire The Flonourable Sir Francis Compton The Honourable Hugh Hare Esquire Sir Walter Saint-John Sir Francis Vincent Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Thompson Sir Walter Clarges Sir Edward Bromfeild Sir William Temple Sir Robert Nappier Sir Richard Atkins Sir William Glynn Sir Joseph Alston Baronettf Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Hoskins Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir Robert Clayton Sir Saint-John Broderick Sir Purbeck Temple Sir James Clarke Sir Christopher Buckle Sir William Elliott Sir Cornwall Bradshaw Sir James Butler Sir Robert Knightly Sir Peter Daniell Sir Samuell Dashwood Sir Edward Frewin Sir John Parsons Sir Thomas Vernon Sir Peter Vandeputt Sir Charles Hedges Sir John Temple Sir John Fleete Sir John Buckworth Sir Henry Furnace Sir George Meggott Sir William Scawen Sir William Gore Knightf George Evelyn of Wotton Thomas Floward Henry Saint-John Francis Fuller Serjeant att Lawe Roger James Thomas Turgis Morrice Tompson Anthony Bowyer Denzill Onslow White Titchbourne Morgan Randyll Foot Onslow Thomas Vincent John Weston Edward Nicholas George Evelyn of Nutfield John Evelyn George

Thomas Burrough Thomas Macro junior O.

Esquires O.

540

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

Rodeny Bridges John Arnold Edward Harvey William Brownlow James Zouch Baptist May Frederick Tilney George Woodroffe Nicholas Carew Ambrose Browne John Lewkner Richard Garth Henry Hone William Fenwick Thomas Cotton Edward Smith Anthony Thomas Haestreete James Sigismond Stydolph George Duncombe Edward Bray John Sands William Hooker Richard Nicolls Shem Bridges Ambrose Muschamp Peter Hussey Stephen Harvey William Harvey Richard Onslow Christopher Buckle Saint-John Broderick . Francis Brend Thomas Lant John Gore William Hatton Charleton Whitelocke Robert Gavill William Nuthall John Mitchell John Wight Nicholas Waite Henry Ludlow Jeffery Amherst Henry Lloyd Samuell Lewin John Pettiward John Parsons John Thynne James Chadwick George Vernon Samuell Atkinson Thomas Wimondesold John Riches William Leake John Burchett John Mitchell James Clarke William Elliott Edward Thurland Jefferie Jefferyes John Jefferyes James Titchbumc George Duncombe junior George Meggott Stephen Glynne William Perry John Burgoyne John Love £John']Lugg John Seyliard John Highlord Richard Norton George Smith William Hayward Robert Hatton Thomas Trapps John Heather Martin Fowlkes John Turner Thomas Molineux Henry Vincent Nicholas Fenn Eldr^d Lancelott Lee C.aptaine Salmon Benjamin Le Cane Ralph Lane Ralph Snow William Genew Samuell Somerford RobertSanders Samuell Pett George Gorcing Robert Dowglas William Gulston Chidiock Pawlett John Oldbury Captaine John Clements Captaine Anthony Clifford Ralph Hough William Brockman William Norris William Clarke Julius Clanville Charles Bludworth Cesar Bradshaw Robert Wilson Christopher Gettry senior John Hoskins Francis Gosfright Francis Hatton Captaine John Austen Captaine William Boothby Samuell Crispe senior John Milner Thomas Phipps Captaine Joseph Wandall Edward Woodward Spencer Cooper Captaine John Lampart George Attwood Richard Morgan John De-Leau Leonard Wessell Henry Griffith Thomas Lofield John Dawling Thomas Ures Bowyer of Richmond Henry Wilkinson Thomas Burrowes Lawrence Marsh Doctor John

Budgen Urban Hall Thomas Jordan of Gatwick Leonard Hammond George Perry Captaine Richard Bonsey Major Benjamin Bonwick Bryan Fairfax John Cowper Henry Wheately Michaell Edwards Esquires The Mayor of Guildford for the time being The Bailiffs of Kingstone for the time being The Bailiffs of Farnham for the time being Edward Ford John Child senior John (^MartyrHenry Flatter John Hill Henry Sanders Thomas Agar John Bull John Ken rick Christopher Creswell Maximilian Emely Timothy Wilson John Terry Joseph Lee Josiah Dewy John Hoskins Richard Kelsey William Jordan Richard White Thomas Jordan John Spencer Richard Jewell Edward Tiiby Robert Bignold Thomas Harris Captaine Bartholomew Richard Giiynne Thomas Bartholomew Robert Moore Thomas Moore Thomas Wincupp Thomas Costen Christopher Smith Thomas Symms John Lavender Edmond Lee Henry Strode Philipp Foster John Angell Carter Henry Foreman Barton Hollyday Henry

Bartlett Henry Johnson William Somers Peter Norborough Robert Bowyer Thomas Cudsden Gerrard Andrewes Henry Wyatt William Dorison John Eversed Ulisses Blount John Symball Peter Kesterman William Hambly Isaac Cox Thomas Hammond Richard Hammond Abraham Devishee William Sherlock Jonas Sish Daniell Wight Joseph Wood Charles Shorter Thomas Juxon William Allwood Edward Smith George Heath Robert Bristow William Berblock Thomas Mallen Nicholas Hookes John Cox Nehemiah Bourne Abraham Harrison John Pigeon William Yolden John Sermon John Boys Richard Devon Francis Tyrringham John Hadson John Child junior William Gray John Nicholls Edward Dimbleby William Attwood John Allwood John Wood Charles Dubois Daniell Wright senior William Rutter John Gerrard Samuell Peirson John Smith Edward Burrish Henry Herringham John Allen John Mittford Richard Bridger John Ledford Benjamin Craker Peter Delanoy John Cholmny Daniell Duthees Jacob Harvey Thomas Maylyn Thomas Allen Francis Wilkinson William Gibbs Samuell Hall Charles Cox Benjamin Tarrant John Shepherd John Gerrard John Chitty Ferdinando Holland John Coleman John Blake Crow Verren Christopher Cope William Puryour Robert Ford Samuell Lupton Robert Greene Henry Bishopp Thomas Roffey John Cole James Isaacson Thomas Fox Thomas Godden William Steere Edward Starford John Jacob Daniell Allen Marke Houghton Godfrey Woodward Richard Steere Humphrey Abell Edward Tennison Robert Hookes John Lucas Robert Roane Thomas Cooper John Hunter William Waterman senior William Waterman junior Charles Dubois William Balpin Edmond Hunt William Rumbold Matthew Crover John Holland Leonard Child Richard Hutchinson William Perkins Esquires Edward Hubbald Thomas Cooke of S*. Saviours William Rutter Edmond Lidgold John Nash John Butcher Robert Hooke Doctor Sawyer Gentlemen I*

For the County of Sussex

Arthur Lord Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland John Lord Cuttf of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Pelham Sir William Thomas Sir John Fagg Sir Denny Ashburnham Sir William Wilson Sir Thomas Dyke Sir William Culpeper Sir Richard Onslow Sir Thomas Taylor Sir John Stapeley Sir Philip Gell Sir George Parker Baronettf Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir John Briscoe Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir Edward Selwyn Sir James Morton Sir Edward Hungerford Sir James Smith Sir Thomas Miller Sir George Chute Knightf Thomas Pelham John Lukener Nisell Rivers Henry Pelham Richard Bridger Thomas Newdigate Thomas Briggf Doctor [of3] Law George Nevill William Board James Butler. George Goring Thomas Beard John Spence James Graves John Fuller John Baker Alexander Stapeley John Miller Simon Smith John Parker Thomas Bromfield Thomas May William Markwick John Machell Thomas Bickley George Gunter John Braman Richard Farrington Nathaniell Palmer William Williams Peter Gott Thomas Frewen Edward Dyne George Courthop John Marlott Randolph Tutty Francis Page Thomas Woodyer Walter Robertf Thomas Bettesworth Thomas Grey John Apsley William Garroway William Westbrooke Thomas White junior John Cooke of Pettworth Francis Mose senior John Chcale of Findon Richard Stiles John Cooke of Goring John Lee of Playstow Richard Cooper Henry Barnard Thomas Nash Humphrey Jewkes Thomas Peckham of Allingbourne Thomas Knowles Richard BankC Anthony Cruttenden Robert Hall John Niccollf Paul Burrard The Mayor of Chichester and Arundel 1 for the time being Barnham Powell Charles Goring

Henry 0.

* Martin O.

* at 0.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

541

junior Charles Fagg Robert Orme Henry Cooper Richard Payne John Brewer Robert Austin Apsley Newton Robert Fagg Thomas Burrell John Munike William Newton Esquires John Gratwake of Eaton William Anderson Edward Morley William Cobden John Hayes John Wicker John Shelley William Blaker John \Vrerkes Thomas Fagg John Peckham Gentlemen John Pechy Barrister att Law Robert Thomden Richard Butcher George Oglander Stephen Fuller Gentlemen William Pechy of Pettworth Peter Courthop Richard Shelley John Newnham Henry Yates John Board John Groome John Weller John Baker Esquires Walsingham Michell John Yalden Thomas Bcttesworth junior John Stonestreete Thomas Charman William Jewer Samuell Blunt Thomas Westome junior Samuell Westome George Elfred John Pellatt Richard Yokes Richard Parker Hugh Reason Thomas Grathwickc of Ham Robert Baker John Minshaw of Faring John Haseller Thomas Brewton George Osbourne Stephen Jermin Lewis Buckle Thomas Poole of New-Shoreham Richard Hay Arthur Turner Samuell Legay of Stoake Lawrence Alcocke Edward Madgwick Christopher Nevill Thomas Dennatt John Double Richard Bridger junior Gent Christopher Knight Richard Peckham John Busbridge John Farrington Charles Serguson Dennis Lydall Thomas Garroway Henry Peachey of Pettworth John Morton Timothy Burrell Esquires Ogle Riggf George Payne Thomas Baker William Hardham William Board Elliott Moore Joseph Studley Gentlemen John Connyers John Taylor William Elson Esquires Thomas Woodyer of Chichester Samuell White Doctor John Pankurst of Horsham Doctor Thomas Aylwyn of Chichester Saint-John Ivy Captaine Woodman Captaine William Fletcher Walter Bartlett senior Thomas Churchir Philipp Cheate of Findon Gentlemen Sir Edward Frewen Thomas Shepherd Matthew White William Leeves Andrew Wilmer William Bury Gentlemen I*

For the Port of Hastings:

The Mayor [for1] the time being Colonell John Beaumont Peter Gott Esquires Thomas Lovell John Hyde Captaine Edward Millard Philipp Lovell John Medhurst Jurates

For the Towne and Port of Winchelsea

The Mayor for the time being Robert Austen Samuell Westerne Esquires Edward Martyn Harris

John Richardson Thomas Symons Richard Samson Thomas Jenkins Francis Jenkins Gentlemen

For the Ancient Towne of Rye:

The Mayor and Jurates for the time being Sir John Austen Baronett Thomas Frewen Esquire Michaell Cademan Thomas Tournay Nicholas Mannouch Samuell Jeake John Young Joseph Tucker Thomas Thompson Edward Wilinshurst Gentlemen .*■

For Seaford and Pevensey:

The Bailifff and Jurates for the time being

For the County of Warwick

The Right Honourable the Lord Digby of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Robert Shirley Esquire The Honourable Francis Grevile Esquire The Honourable Thomas Coventry Esquire Sir John Mordaunt Sir Charles Holt Sir Symon Clarke Sir Richard Temple Sir Clement Fisher Sir William Boughton Sir Jacob Astley Sir John Bridgman Sir Charles Shuckburgh Sir William Wheeler Sir John Huband Sir Reginald Forster Sir Bazill Price Sir Richard Newdigate Baronettf Sir William Underhill Sir John Clopton Sir William Craven Sir Andrew Hackett Sir William Bishopp Sir Richard Vemey Sir Thomas Rawlinson Sir Thomas Wagstaffe Sir William Wilson Knightf William Bromley Andrew Archer Robert Burdett Thomas Rawlins Serjeant att Lawe William Peytoe John Vemey George Lucye Robert Somervile Bazill Fielding Richard Newdigate Arden Adderly Seabright Repington Edward Clopton Arden Bagott William Palmer Richard Hopkins Charles Knottesford Humphrey Wyrley Henry Parker Charles Newsham Thomas Keate Thomas Fetherstone Thomas Andrewes John Stratford Edward Bently Aston Ingram Charles Jennens William Colemore Ward Dilke William Dugdale John Chetwynd William Bolton Robert Harvey Symon Biddulph Francis Fisher Henry Greene Humphrey Boughton Francis Boughton Edward Boughton John Shuckburgh Michaell Biddulph James Ludford John Combs John Farmer George Sacheverell Thomas Peers Fisher Wentworth alias Dilke Price Devereux Bernard Whalley Thomas Newsham George Boun llenry Neale John Clarke Hercules Underhill Esquires John Astly Thomas Archer John Marriott John Jennens Humphrey Holden Francis Bagshaw Theodore Stratford William Loggin Thomas Leving John Newsham William Hollbeech Timothy Stoughton John Appletree John Stanton John Andrewes George Alsopp Gentlemen The Mayor of Warwick for the time being The Mayor of Stratford for the time being The Bailiff(J of Tam worth for the time being!*

For the City and County of the City of Coventry:

The Mayor for the time being Nathaniell Harryman Francis Harryman Edward Owen Thomas Lawrence William Snell Aldermen Sir John Dugdale Knight Sir Christopher Hales Baronett Richard Hopkins John Stratford Bazill Fielding William Norton Henry Greene Edward Taylor George Bowne John Bowater Robert Beake Thomas Burgh Thomas Hopkins Thomas Gery Esquires Edward Hill Thomas Bayly Henry Smith Robert Smith Francis Cater Thomas King Humphrey Burton Gentlemen

542

6° & 7° Gul. 6c Mar. c.3.

A.D. 1694.

For the County of Westmerland.

Sir John Lowther of Lowther one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Baronettf Sir Daniell Fleming Knight Richard Lowther Christopher Dalston John Dalston William Fleming Edward Wilson senior Edward Wilson junior Henry Wilson Richard Brathwaite Edward Musgrave Roger Mor James Bird John Fisher John Philipson John Nevyson Hugh Maichell Ephraim Sandford Thomas Godsale Richard Crackenthorpe Allen Chambers Esquires Anthony Saul Lancelott Forth John Brougham Daniell Fleming Miles Philipson George Wilson Reginald Dobinson John Hall Thomas Wilson William Birkehead Thomas Cock John Atkinson John Thwaits John Carleton The Mayors of Appleby and Kendall for the time being .*•

For the County of Wilts:

Charles Lord Marquesse of Winchester Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Duke of Bolton Edward Lord Viscount Combury Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Clarendon Anthony Lord Ashly Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Shaftsbury Mountague Lord Norreis Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Earle of Abbingdon Henry Lord Colraine of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Peregrine Bertie The Honourable Francis Grevill Esquires Sir Edward Seymour Sir Walter Saint-John Sir John Button Sir Edward Windham Sir Richard Grubham How Sir Edward Ernie Sir Walter Long Sir William Pincent Sir John Moreton Sir James How Baronettf Sir Edward Hungerford and Sir John Nicholas Knights of the Bath Sir Gyles Eyre and Sir Samuell Eyre two of the Justices of His Majesties Courte of Kings Bench Sir John Ernie Sir John Talbott Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Gilbert Talbott Sir George Hungerford Sir Stephen Fox Sir Thomas Escourt Sir Matthew Andrewes Sir Charles Rawleigh Sir Edmond Wamford Sir Richard Hart Sir Jonathan Raymond Sir Charles Hedges Sir Thomas Earle Sir William Scroggf Sir John Eyles Knightf The Honourable Goodwin Wharton The Honourable John Smith Francis Pawlett George Pitt Richard Lewis Alexander Popham senior Alexander Popham junior Robert Hyde Francis Wroughton senior John Hall Richard How Thomas Hobby John Windham Robert Eyre and John Eyre Baristers att Lawe Thomas Freake of Shrewton Thomas Jervois Thomas Bennett Edward Nicholas of Manninford Morris Bockland Thomas Pitt William Ash Alexander Thistlethwaite Charles Morley Henry Saint-John Charles Fox Edward Nicholas of Winterbourne Walter Ernie Edward Nicholas of Canning? Francis Goddard Francis Stonehouse Charles Mompesson William Trenchard William Daniell John Glanvill Thomas Baskervill Edward Nott Thomas Chamberlayne George Wroughton Thomas Goddard Thomas Freake of Hannington John Bowles of Burcomb John Hawles William Harvey Thomas Penruddock William Windham (') Wadhain Wyndham Walter Grubb Henry Chivers Nicholas Baynton Richard Chandler Richard Jones of Ramsbury (*) Thomas Gunter James Linch of White Parish Edward Young [John Ash of Haywood John Young J] of the same John Wildman Edmund Lambert John Methuen Samuell Ash Carew Rawleigh William Willoughby William Norbome Edward Seymour Richard Nevill William George Charles Raymond Charles Tucker Benj: Gilford Edward Seymour of White Parish Edmond Hungerford John Bennett William Hearst Gabrieli Ashley William Wallis Richard Aldworth Christopher Maine John Dewe Jacob Selfe Isaac Selfe Robert Nicholas of the Devizes William Wastfeild Herbert Saladine John Read William Brewer Gifford Yerbury Michaell Ernie Richard Jervoice Richard Long Edward Lisle Nevill Mascaline William Player William Yorke Walter Greene Charles Duncombe John Ash of Grovely Benjamin Giles Edmond Webb John Flower [junior4] John Bond James Clarke George Hungerford John Trenchard Edward Ash Mountague of Lackham George Speke Petty Walter White Thomas Goddard of Rudlow Henry

Poole of Oakesey-Parke Edward Topp William Oakeden Thomas Chaffin of Zeales Thomas Edward? of Wanborough Thomas Pleydall Edward Baynton Thomas Baynton Oliver Caley Poor of Durrington John Jacob

Edward Duke John Hill of Sarum Thomas Lambert of the same Anthony Hungerford Thomas Polden Charles Danvers Walter Parker Henry Coker Francis Wroughton junior Robert Duke of Lake Thomas Chaffin Markes John Gantlett J ohn Bigg Richard Holford Master in Chancery Robert Lee of Bingfeild Francis Swanton [Ab-John*] Stokes Charles Mitchell John Webb William Hitchcock Henry Pinnell John Curie Charles Pleydall Charles Bolles William White Edward Foyle Stephen Blatch Bennett Swaine Henry Nourse Robert Grove senior John Grove of Chiscnbury Robert Grove junior John Long of Baynton Francis Thistlethwaite William Beach of Fiddleton Andrew Duke Charles Stuart Walter Long of Wraxhall John Long of the same Edward [Wadham6] Edward Hearst Nathaniell Trottman William Hancock Councellor att Lawe Thomas Stringer of Ivy-Church Thomas Beach John Kent of Boscomb Edward Ryder Robert Smith Henry Dennis Oliver Bingley William Fisher John Bowles Councellor att I-awe Edward Pleydall of Mudghall Esquires Edward Spencer John Knighton Charles Brinsdon Thomas Tainter William Coles Thomas Fuller Richard Nevill Brereton Boucher Henry Blake Thomas Grove George Hill John Mompesson William Hewes senior Thomas Powell Thomas Hayward Nicholas Elliott Christopher Gardner Richard Minific Thomas Haskett John Brooke Nicholas Daniell William Clare John Smith of Alten Matthew Smith Jonathan Hill John Togood Walter Sharpe John Flower Henry Watman Edward Metlicott Thomas Hunt of Enford Henry Eyre of Woodhampton Edmond Hemingf Francis Goddard of Pirton Henry Southby Jasper Chapman John Fisher of Chute Francis Coles Thomas Franklyn Robert Biss Robert Mandrell Thomas Long of Rowden Thomas Stump Christopher Lippiett Christopher Willoughby George Davies of Woodford Thomas Clarke John Mitchell Thomas Keyliway Edward Goddard of Ogbome John Violett Richard Cock? Richard Smith of Kennett George Duke of Sarson Richard Hillyard of the Devizes John Waters Peter Temple Joseph Houlton Barjcw of Mere John Townesend Anthony Trottman Lovelace Bigg Thomas Phipps John Hawkins Tobias Richmond Zachariah Bayly Richard Bamaby Thomas Jacob of Norten Edmond Estcourt of Burton-Hill * 1

1 Thomas Wyndham 0. • John Ash of Haywood John Young 0. s 0. omits.

1 senior 0. 4 John O. * Wad man 0.

A.D.\69\.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

543

Thomas Gore The Mayor of Salisbury for the time being The Mayor of Wilton The Mayor of the Devizes The Mayor of Marlborough and the BailifFes of Chippenham for the time being John Child James Harris of New Sarum Richard Erie of Chute John Ballard Doctor of Physick William Thomas George South Richard Maddockf of Teffont Robert Gore Francis Kemble junior Robert Lawrence Roger Bodenham Thomas Hunt of Lavington James Harris of the Devizes John Clarke of Burcombe John Goddard Robert Burleton Samuell Gibbs Peter Anderton Joseph Ady of Easton-Grey Richard Poole (1) of Newnton Robert Lee Anthony Methwen Jonathan Rogers Richard Barnaby Gentlemen Thomas Webb Esquire

For the City of New-Sarum and Close of the same:

The Mayor and Aldermen for the time being The Honourable Giles Eyre one of His Majesties Justices of the Kings-Bench [Recorder1] Sir Thomas Moinpesson Knight Thomas Hobby Thomas Pitt John Windham William Hearst William Windham Wadham Windham Thomas Windham Edmond Pittman Francis Swanton Gabrieli Ashley Edward Hearst Herbert Saladine John Hill William Hughes Thomas Chaffin Markes Esquires William Barnes Thomas Stockwell Thomas Baskett Gentlemen Edward Spencer Charles Mompesson Edward Gerrard Thomas Lambert George Stanley Esquires

For the County of Worcester:

The Right Honourable Richard Earle of Bellamont of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Gray Thomas Coventry Robert Tracy Thomas Watson Henry Folliott Esquires Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath Sir Nicholas Lechmere Knight one of the Barons of His Majesties Courte of Exchequer. Sir Charles Littleton Sir John Packington Sir Francis Russell Sir Thomas Rouse Sir Edward Seabright Sir William Keyte Sir Ralph Dutton Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir James Rushout Baronettf Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Henry Connisby Sir Francis Winnington Sir Thomas Streete Sir Thomas Haslewood Knightf Samuell Sandyes William Bromley Thomas Foley senior Richard Dowdeswell Thomas Savage Henry Jefferyes Thomas Foley junior William Walsh Edwin Sandyes William Lygon Edmond Lechmere Benjamin Jolliffe Bridges Nanfan Charles Baldwin Francis Clare Samuell Pitt John Machill Henry Parker John Charlton Walter Savage senior Walter Savage junior Thomas Vernon of Astwood Thomas Cornwall Robert Dormer Robert Foley Francis Sheldon William Hancock Higgon James George Dowdeswell Thomas Winford John Soley John Bearcroft John Clutton Robert Wild Edward Bull Chambers Slaughter Gerrard Dannet Richard Nash Allen Clift senior Allen Clift junior Francis Bromly Edward Rudge Salwey Winnington Richard Bamaby John Sheldon Richard Freeman Charles Cocks George Harris Goddard Carter Phillipp Foley Thomas Foley of Stoke-Courte Richard Bomford Thomas Cheatle John Newport John Appletree Jonathan Andrewes Timothy Brickinshaw Ferdinando Gorges Thomas Savage of Durmiston Thomas Lowe of Bromsgrove William Moore of Bamgreen Richard Amphlett John Amphlett John Mariott William Degg Daniell Sheldon Esquires Edmond Taylor Higham Cooke Thomas Bushell William Savage of Broadway Philipp Bearcrofte of S'. Swithens Henry Toy Thomas Hunt of Ribbenhall Edward Walker William Bird Gyles Parsons Captaine Jenkf Simon Barker Martin Ballard Richard Avenant George Gardiner Samuell Hunt John Wheeler of Woollaston Edward Millward Nicholas Baker Edward Wheeler Richard Smallbrooke Henry Hodges Humphrey Soley James Nash Nicholas Wheeler Edward Davies Edward Lench Richard Norbury John Fones senior Walter Bell William Rudge John Rudge Edward Rastell John Bourne Samuell Slade Thomas Burlton senior Thomas Burlton junior Adam Littleton Francis Viccaris Andrew Fentzall Arthur Lowen Thomas Lench Thomas Watson of Bengworth Gentlemen The Mayor of Evesham for the time being The Baylifff of Droitwich for the time being The Bayliff of Bewdley for the time being .*•

For the City and County of the City of Worcester:

The Mayor Aldermen and Sherifff for the time being William Bromley Charles Cocks Esquires Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Thomas Streete Knightf Walter Savage Robert Wild Philipp Bearcroft of Sl. Swithens John Handy John Burton Thomas Smith Nicholas Baker Nicholas Fayting Thomas Bearcroft Apothecary Andrew Fentzall

For the County of Anglesey

Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount Cashell in the Kingdome of Ireland Mark Lord Viscount Dunganon in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Thomas Bulkley The Honourable Robert Bulkeley Esquires Sir John Wynne Sir William Williams of Vaynol Sir Roger Mostyn Sir Hugh Owen Baronettf Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Thomas Burton John Hooke Nicholas Bagnol William Robinson Peirce Lloyd Arthur Owen Esquires Francis Bulkeley John Griffith of Careg-Lloyd John Owen Penrhose Owen Bold John Williams Henry White of the Fryers Esquires William Meyrick Cunisby Williams Owen Hughes John Jones Doctor of Divinity William Morgan Chancellor of Bangor William Griffith Llanwaithley Robert Owen of Holyhead John Wynne Bodewrid, Simon Fouikes William Bulkeley David Lloyd Lloydiart Owen Williams of Carrog Hugh Wynne of Tryerworth Henry Sparrow Roger Hughes Rowland Wynne John Owen Crymlyn Thomas Williams Mawrice Lewis David Williams Owen Davis of Llanfrydog Henry Wynne Penhiskyn William Jones John Owen Bodier Pierce Lewis John Williams Bodavon John Lloyd of Maes-y-Borth Richard Hughes William Griffith Thomas Robertf of Castellor John Price Owen Robertf John Hill William Griffith Richard Bulkeley Robert Hampton Griffith Hughes The Mayor of Beaumaris for the time being 1*

1 Poole 0.

a interlined on the Roll.

544

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3

A.D. 1694.

For the County of Brecon:

Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sonne and Ileire Apparent to the Duke of Beaufort Sir Thomas Williams Baronett Sir Edward Williams Sir Rowland Gwynne Knight f Bushy Mansell William 'Winter High Sheriffe Thomas Morgan John Lewis of Coedmaure Sackvill Gwynne Thomas Williams of C.abalva Thomas Mansell Jeffrey Jeffreys John Jeffreyes Charles Morgan Edward Jones Daniell Williams Thomas Walker Walter Vaughan Marmaduke Lloyd Francis Lloyd John Morgan Marmaduke Gwynne Charles Powell Thomas Flower John Williams Robert Lucy John Gunter John Waters Edward Lewis Walter Williams Richard Jeffrey John Walbeof John Gwynne Lodowick Lewis Philipp Parry Samuell Williams James Donne Thomas Bowen Robert Rumsey Walter Vaughan William Williams of Velinnewith Esquires Richard Watkins Francis Lloyd of Llangatrarch Lewis Powell Edward Games David Games Gentlemen Henry Vaughan Doctor of Physick Richard Williams of Aberbrane John Lewis Thomas Williams Edward Games of Kuy James Parry Charles Lloyd William Watkins Bartholomew Games John Stedman of Dole-y-gate Marmaduke Gwynne junior Morgan Watkins Howell Morgan William Phelips Christopher Portrey Henry Jones Howell Gwynne Esquires Thomas Lloyd of Roseverick Thomas Williams of Bayly-[Birth1] Rees Perry of Llangamarch Thomas Gwynne Lewis Lloyd John Davis of Porth-y-Cruise William Williams of Botle Edward Price of Aberknython John Maddockf Lewis Havard Edward Jeffreys of Lluell James Watkins Edward Morgan of Llandiloarvane Thomas Jones Henry Williams William Lloyd Morgan Price Francis Lewis John Rumsey Edward Williams Howell Jones William Awbrey William Williams of Aberanalt John Philips Roger Price of Llangamarch Thomas Price of Glyn Richard Hughes John Lloyd senior John Lloyd junior Thomas Havard of Dovynog Paul Williams Richard Games Alexander Griffiths Jacob James of Maesmunis Rees Lloyd of Llanguaten Thomas Williams of Llanavan-vawr John Prees of Llysdynam John Evans of Llanurshull Gentlemen

For the Towne of Brecon

The Bailiffe Recorder and Aldermen for the time being Sir Edward Williams Sir Rowland Gwynne Knightf Thomas Morgan William Winter High Sheriffe Jeffrey Jeffreyes John Jeffreyes Edward Jones Charles Morgan Daniell Williams John Walters William Philips Robert Lucy Lodowick Lewis Esquires Henry Jones Saunder Saunders John Pryce John Jeffreyes Henry Thomas William Herbert Edward Hughes John Davyes William Williams Meredith James Samuell Woolsley Roger Jeffreyes Daniell Price Alexander Griffiths Gentlemen

For the County of Cardigan:

Sir William Wogan Knight His Majesties Serjeant att Law Sir Thomas Powell Knight Serjeant att Law Sir Charles Lloyd Knight John Vaughan John Lewis Thomas Lloyd of Castle-Howell John Tredenham Daniell Evans John Herbert William Herbert William Brigstock David Parry Richard Stedman Richard Lloyd of Mabus David Lloyd of Crwnfryn Francis Vaughan Vaughan Price John Phillips of Dolehaydd David Lloyd of Werne John Lewis of Pant-David John Williams of Aberrant Bychan David Pryse Edward Jones of Llanyna Hugh Lloyd of Foes-Helig John Williams of Bronwydd William Jenkins Cornelius Lebrune William Powell Samuell Hughes of Crigmore Samuell Hughes of Alltgoch John Lloyd of Kilgwyn Esquires Evan Lloyd John Jones of Abermayde Hugh Lloyd of Clwyd Jack Thomas Lloyd of Olmarch John Knowles Jenkin Lloyd Hugh Lloyd of Dolccle&wr David Lewis of Kysnewydd Richard Pryse David Griffith of Lanarth John Evans of Pantcoy Roderick Richardf John Pryse John Morris Richard Phillips William Hughes Hector Morgan David Howellf Daniell Jones James Lewis Henry Davyes David Lloyd of Llaborth John Parry of Pantyrodyn Owen Evans Evan Pryse and Edward Philips Gentlemen

For the County of Carmarthen.

Sir Thomas Stepney Sir Richard Mansell Sir Sackvill Crow Sir Rice Rudd Sir William Russell Baronettf Sir John Powell Knight one of His Majesties Justices of the Court of Comon Pleas Sir William Wogan Knight His Majesties First Serjeant att Law Sir Orlando Gee Knight Richard Vaughan of Terracoed Griffith Rice John Tredenham Thomas Cornwallis Rowland Gwynne Thomas Powell Christopher Middleton Thomas Llwyd Richard Vaughan of Derwith Richard Jones Marmaduke Williams John Williams of Abercothy Daniell Evans Thomas Lloyd of Allt-y-Cadnoe Richard Gwynne of Gwempa Griffith Lloyd Rawleigh Mansell Edward Mansell Sackvill Gw'ynne Roger Manwaring Henry Owens William Brigstock Thomas Lloyd of Dan-yr Allt Arthur Gwynne John Williams of Talley Thomas Gwynne the Elder Edward Jones of Llethernoyath Henry Lloyd of Llanstephan Francis Lloyd William Bevan of Pen y Coed John Philips of Dolehaydd John Williams of Carmarthen Samuell Hughes John Vaughan John Edwardf Walter Thomas Francis Browne Nathan Griffith Esquires Edward Vaughan of Terracoed George Gwynne Anthony Rudd David Gwynne William Gwynne Thomas Manwaring Owen Bowen Thomas Philips of Kilsant Henry Lewis Griffith Elliott John Laughame William Beynon David Lewis of Llysnewith Henry Vaughan of Place Gwynne John Jones of Colebrooke William Brigstocke James Philips Zacharias Bevans Daniell Linegar Thomas Thomas James Jones of Dole-Cothy Morgan Lloyd of Llansevin Lewis Price Walter Morgan Hugh Jones David Williams of Mothvey Anthony Williams Benjamin Lewis William Davis of Drusloin Charles Dalton Thomas Philips of Llantharogg Matthew Harbottell Jenkin Rice Griffith Williams Richard Philips Evan Harries Anthony Jones of Abergwilly John Evans of Kilsane Samuell Lloyd of Forrest John Jones of Llanvunyth David Evans Evan Price Thomas Lloyd Richard Philips of Lanibothur Captaine Thomas Jones of Llanvyhangell Rose-y-Corne Oliver Howell Gentlemen

• Brith O.

545

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

For the Borough of Carmarthen

The Mayor Comon Councill and SherrifFes for the time being Sir Sackvill Crow Sir Rice Rudd Sir Hugh Owen Baronettf Richard Vaughan of Terracoed Rowland Gwynne Thomas [Llwyd1] Griffith Lloyd William Brigstock Henry Lloyd Marmaduke Williams John Edwardf Esquires Thomas Mainwaring George Lewis Theophilus Bevans John Williams John Scurlock and Anthony Jones Gentlemen

For the County of [CarnavanJ] I*

The Right Honourable Edward Lord Russell Sonne to the Duke of Bedford The Right Honourable Richard Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashells in the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Thomas Bulkeley Sir William Williams Sir John Wynne Sir Roger Mostyn Baronettf Sir Robert Owen Sir Robert Cotton Knightf Thomas Burton John Hooke Nicholas Bagnall Arthur Owen Roger Price Griffith Vaughan William Williams of Place y Ward John Vaughan of Pant Glasse George Twisleton Richard Maddrine John Jones Doctor of Divinity Owen Wynne of Glascoed William Maddrine George Coitmore Owen Hughes Edward Williams John Thomas Robert Hookes Maurice Jones David Parr)' William Glyme John Rowlandf Rowland Wynne [of*] Llanvnda William Morgan William Wynne of Gian yr Afon James Brunkire Love Parry William Wynne of Werne Griffith Wynne of Stymllin Hugh Lewis Owen Wynne of Pen-y-brin Thomas Fletcher Richard Edwardf John Wynne Esquires Lloyd Bodvell Griffith Carreg Lancelott Bulkeley Lewis Lloyd William Williams William Griffith of Pen yr Allt Edward Pierce of Llyswaine Gentlemen

For the County of Denbigh

The Right Honourable Sir John Trevor Master of the Rolls Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Council The Honourable Sir John Trenchard Chiefe Justice of Chester and one of His Majesties Principall Secretaries of State David Parry Esquire High Sheriffe of the County of Denbigh Sir John Wynne Sir Richard Middleton Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Roger Mostyn Sir Evan Lloyd Sir Walter Baggott Sir Robert Cotton Sir John Conway Sir William Williams Baronettf Sir Francis Compton Sir Jeffery Shakerley Sir Robert Owen Sir Roger Puleston Knightf William Williams Edward Vaughan Edward Brcreton Robert Davies Thomas Carter Kenrick Eyton Cadwalader Wynne Eubule Thellwall senior Eubule Thellwall junior Robert Price of Giller William Robinson Joshua Edisbury Roger Price of Rhiwlas Roger Mostyn of Brimbo Thomas Middleton Hedd Lloyd Esquires John Middleton of Gwanynog Peter Ellis Richard Middleton of Llansilin John Vaughan of Pant Glass Sidney Godolphin Ellis Lloyd of Pen-y-Llan John Robertf of Havod-y-Bwch Thomas Jones of Carregovah Owen Wynne of Llwyne Thomas Wynne of Dyfrynaled David Maurice of Llorraine Ambrose Thellwall John Masemore Robert Griffiths of Brimbo William Rutter Owen Thellwall John Ashpoole Simon Thellwall Thomas Whitley John Williams David Williams John Puleston of Havod y-wern Edward Chambers Robert Wynn of Maes Mochnant John Dolben Edward Wynn of Llanyfydd John Lloyd of Gwrich Esquires Robert Salusbury of Place Issa Robert Wynn Chancellor of Saint Asaph Robert Wynn of Cartmeilio Francis Lloyd Rector of Llandurnog Edward Griffiths of Gran David Lloyd of Bodnant John Wynn of Farm Roger Middleton Robert Lloyd of Place-Maddock Richard Eyton Booth Basnet David Lloyd of Llangollen Vechan John Pulleston of Pickhill Robert Edwardf of Place-Yollin Edward Lloyd of Dwyfaine Evan Wynn of Llangwm Peter Foulkes of Erriviat John Foulkes of the same Robert Lloyd of Hendrewailoe Hugh Edwardf of Eglwsvach Edward Lloyd of Llanarion Thomas Moreton of Christoneth Andrew Thellwall Roger Trevor Charles Middleton of Llandurnog Gentlemen Charles Bradshaw Esquire Richard Lloyd of Moelvry Thomas Price of Glyn John Wynn of Halton Maurice Wynn of Llanganhavall Thomas Price of Bwich Hugh Huges of Bryntangor John Lloyd of Bryn Lluarth Evan Lloyd of Croise yockin John Morris of Llyss Watkin Owens John Powell of Llandurnog Meredith Wynn of Nantglyn Tymothy Middleton of Pentre r Llech John Ilayman of Iialton Evan Wynn Gent Roger Price Esquire Richard Wynn of Aberkynleth Humphry Yale of Place yn-Yale Theodorus Maurice Edward Maurice of Seashire Gentlemen John Vaughan of Tybrith Thomas Holland of Llanelian Henry Vaughan of Dynerth William Davies of Towyn Owen Williams of Kynnant Thomas Shaw Edward Griffiths Robert Knowles Richard Matthewes John Salusbury Robert Price Robert Robertf Edward Hughes of Dymawr Pierce Foulkes Thomas Twiston John Lloyd of Berth Gentlemen The Aldermen and Bailifff for the Towne of Denbigh for the time being The Mayor of Holt for the time being The Aldermen of Ruthin for the time being Maurice Wynne Roger Gethyn Gentlemen

For the County of Flint

[The Right Honourable3] Sir John Trevor [Knight3] Speaker of the Honourable House of Comons Master of the Rolls and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir John Hanmer Sir Robert Cotton Sir William Williams Knightf and Baronettf Sir Evan Lloyd Sir John Conway Sir Roger Mostyn Sir William Glyn Sir Richard Middleton Sir Thomas Grosvenor Baronettf Sir John Trenchard Sir Roger Puleston Knightf Colonell Roger Whitley Colonell Thomas Salisbury Colonell Thomas Whitley of Allrey William Hanmer Thomas Carter Thomas Mostyn of Read Roger Price Thomas Hanmer Robert Davis William Lloyd John Broughton Richard Mostyn Thomas Eaton Thomas Ravenscrofte Edward Lloyd of .Tuthyn Edward Dymock senior John Wynne of Coperleny Thomas Evans Peirce Pennant George Hope Hugh Griffith Edward Morgan Thomas Whitley Ellis Younge Owen Barton Kenrick Eyton Edward Lloyd of Pentrehobin Edward Kynaston Richard Parry William Rutter Thomas Williams Edward Brcreton Josiah Jones Esquires Roger Pennant of Baggilt Twisleton Thomas Lloyd

6 Z

546

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gu l. & Mar. c. 3.

of Gwernhailud Luke Lloyd junior of the Bryn Peter Wynne of Towers William Griffies Thomas Jones Roger Jones senior Roger Mostyn John Pennant Thomas Foulkes Francis Edwardf John Price of Brynapeice Thomas Salisbury of Leadbroock Joseph Ellis John Wynne John Puleston of Pickhill Roger Davis of the Dongrey Henry Lloyd William Butler Hugh Pierce Thomas Edwardf George Wynne Robert Foulkes Deputy Baron of Chester Thomas Moreton Richard Deaves William Cratchley Edward Bittell Edward Lewis Beaumont Percivall Humphrey Thomas Evan Lloyd John Facknald Thomas Lewis Eubule Wynne of Mace-yn-y-coid John Brooke Gentlemen

For the County of Glamorgan Charles Lord Marquesse of Worcester Eldest Sonne to the Right Honourable the Duke of Beaufort Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Stradling Sir Charles Kemmys Sir John Awbrey Sir John Thomas Baronettf Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir Humphrey Edwin Sir Humphrey Mackworth Knightf John Bennett Esquire High Sheriffe John Windham Serjeant att Lawe Thomas Mansell Thomas Morgan Richard Lewis David Jenkins Colonell Edward Mathewes Francis Gwynne Marmaduke Gibbs William Harbert Richard Seys Richard Jenkins Thomas Lewis William Windham William Mathewes Bussey Mansell Martin Button Richard Lougher Edward Mansell Richard Harbert Thomas Button Samuell Edwin Oliver Saint John Thomas Thomas Thomas Mansell Evan Evans William Awbrey William Seys Thomas Gibbon Reynold Deere George Bowen William Philips Esquires John Franklyn Edward Bassett Rowland Hughes John Price Jeremiah Dawkins Robert Bidder Alexander Trotter Thomas Rice of Ogmore Thomas Price Richard Thomas Thomas Popkins John Liewellin Philip Williams Richard Williams Lyson Llewelin Godwyn Harbert Anthony Thomas Hopkin Thomas Thomas Powell Anthony Powell Edward Turbervill Richard Jenkins Thomas Rice junior Richard Crane junior James Gwynne Anthony Gwynne Illrid Nicholl John llltid Nicholl of the Ham Andrew Mathews David Lewis Roger Williams Roger Powell Daniell Morris Griffith Thomas

For the County of Merioneth Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronett Sir Richard Middleton Sir Hugh Owens Baronettf Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Sir Robert Owens Knight William Williams Edward Vaughan Griffith Vaughan Roger Salusbury Richard Mitton Hugh Nanney William Lewis Anwill Roger Price John Lloyd Vincent Corbett Richard Owens Owen Anwill Maurice Jones Owen Wynne John Nanney Charles Hughes Edmond Meirick John Vaughan of Caer-Cay John Vaughan of Gian y-lyn Simon Lloyd Hugh Tudir Esquires Owen Eyton Thomas Lloyd Meredith Lloyd William Wynn David Lloyd Robert Nanney Robert Owen Doleysere John Humphreyes Robert Owen-dy-Gwynn Oliver Thomas Hugh Owen Caerberllan John Lloyd Llwyn Crwn Edward Owen Gwastadfryn John Evans Maurice Jones John Vaughan of Caethley Griffith Robertf Jeremiah Edwards '•

For the County of Mountgomery:

The Honourable Andrew Newport Esquire Sir Charles Lloyd Sir John Price Sir Edward Leighton Baronettf Sir William Williams Knight and Baronett Price Deveraux William Pugh of Mathaverne [William'] Lloyd of [Beth1] Lloyd Edward Vaughan Francis Herbert John Matthewes Matthew Morgan John Kyffin Richard Owens Walter Clopton John Edwardf of Rorington Edward Barrett Arthur Vaughan Thomas Rock Walter Price Arthur Deveraux Richard Mitton Evan Glynne Gabrieli Wynne Richard Lee Philip Eyton Daniell Whittingham Richard Herbert Richard Stedman Thomas Mason Nathaniell Maurice Humphrey Kynaston Thomas Lloyd Arthur Weaver Matthew Price Pierce Lloyd Edward Price William Williams Robert Lloyd Meredith Morgan Vincent Pierce Rowland Owen of Lunloeth Lumley Williams junior John Thomas of Penegos Edmond Lloyd Richard Ingram John Williams Humphrey Lloyd Humphrey Jones Esquires Adam Price Richard Mason Edward Jones Thomas Jucks Gilbert Jones John Griffiths of Glanhavren Richard Rock Roger Trevor Richard Matthewes Robert Ingram Brochwell Griffiths Brochwell Wynne William Lloyd of Fynnant Richard Price of Gunly Vaughan Deveraux Thomas Griffiths Thomas Hodson Solomon Bowen Samuell Lloyd John Vaughan of Myvod John Read Hugh Derwas Robert Kynaston Theophilus Porter Hugh Davies of Collfryn John Davies of the same Thomas Garbett William Evance of Llandrinio Evan Jones of Llanllothian Morgan Edwardf John Herbert Richard Price of Bettus David Meredith of Llanwothelan Richard Wilson Edward Evance Richard Glynn Rees Lloyd of Clochvan Edward Bowen of Penyralt John Wilson Edward Price of Steetvaylog Edmond Price Randle Owen Richard Whittingham of the Farine William Pierce Captaine John Lloyd of Domgay John Middleton of Churchstocke Evan Jones John Pugh of Kerry Charles Mason Lewis Williams of Llwynyruddith Robert Davies of Maesmawr James Price William Corbett Matthew Matthew's of Wem-ddu John Vaughan of Keele Thomas Severne George Higgins William Farnollf Gentlemen John Mostyn Griffith Lloyd Thomas Parry Clerkf Price Clun Gentleman:

For the County of Pembroke I*

The Sheriffe for the time being The Right Honourable Richard I.ord Bulkeley Viscount Cassellf in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir William Wogan Knight His Majesties Serjeant att Lawe Marmaduke Gibbs Esquire Sir Erasmus Philips Sir Thomas Stepney Sir Hugh Owen Sir Gilbert Lort Baronettf John Phillips Essex Meyrick Arthur Owen senior John Barlow senior Arthur Owen junior William Scourfield Walter Middleton John Lewis of Coed-More Lewis Wogan of Hcncastle William Wogan John Owen of Trecoon John Barlow' junior William Skyrme Charles Phillips George Lort Maurice Bowen Thomas Lloyd of Grove George Le Hunt John Lewis of Mannernawen Henry Walter George Meare William Allen Griffith Hawkwell George Bowen [of'] Llangwaire William Warren Thomas Corbett Lewis John John Phillips of Trelewhelling John Edwardf Arthur Laughame William Davies of

• Edward 0.

• Berth O

3 O. omits.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

547

Lanpeter Griffith Elliott Esquires Robert Williams Owen Ford Gwyrine Vaughan William Ford John Child Theophilus Jones Thomas Jones John Owen of Berllan John Owen of Preskelly George Lloyd Rice Powell Rice Adams William Ford junior Roger Adams Nicholas Holland John Jordan George Bowen Matthew Bowen George Jones of Braudy Thomas Lloyd of Penpcdwist Maurice Morgan Stephen Maurice George Lewis John Wolly Barrett Owen John Fowler Gentlemen The Mayor of Pembroke for the time being Francis Rogers Francis Daws John Courcy Alexander Ford John Rickson Aldermen The Mayor of Tenby for the time being Henry Williams James Lloyd Devereux Hammond Aldermen

For the Towne and County of Haverford West

The Mayor and Aldermen for the time being Sir Hugh Owen Baronett Sir William Wogan Knight His Majesties Serjeant att Lawe Marmaduke Gibbs George Le-IIunt Esquires Doctor Flaycrton Thomas Bowen Towne-Clerke Charles Davyes Gentlemen I*

For the County of Radnor

Sir Standish Harston Baronett Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Rowland Gwynne Sir Edward Williams Sir Lacon Child Knightf Robert Harley William Fowler Thomas Williams John Walcott John Jeffreys Thomas Lewis Edward Lewis of Manoughty Marmaduke Gwynne Thomas Harley Samuell Powell Littleton Powell Henry Probert Edward Price Thomas Vaughan Edward Howarth William Probert Robert Cutler John Fowler Robert Lucy Edward Harley Charles Lloyd John Walsham William Brewster Jeremiah Powell Evan Bowen John Duvall Thomas Howarth Lewis Lloyd Thomas Lewis of Nangwilte Nicholas Meredith Thomas Davyes of Cumtyter John Davis of Coedglaescon William Lloyd Esquires Thomas Holl Lemuell Lloyd Andrew Davis Walter Vaughan Nehemiah Kettleby William Taylor Herbert Weston Lloyd Weston Peter Richardf Jonas Stephens Henry Bull Thomas Powell Edward Phillips Griffith Payne Walter Price John Whitney Gentlemen The [Bayliff1] and Aldermen of New Radnor for the time being Robert Price Esquire Recorder John Davies of Vron Lace Hugh Stephens Esquires Hugh Lewis of Hendwall Samuell Tonman Herbert Weston Lloyd Weston John Walsham Henry Bull Joseph Holl Griffith Payne David Powell John Stephens Jonas Stephens Phillip Taylor Thomas Owen James Donne Hugh Matthewes Roger Russell John Clarke John Watkins of Aberedow Thomas Probert Stephen Probert Walter Griffith Thomas Griffith David Davies Henry Winter Hugh Evans Thomas Price Robert Williams Henry Vaughan John Davis Adam Price Marmaduke Gwynne junior Gentlemen

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners soe as aforesaid nominated and appointed shall (in the respective Countyes Rideingf Cityes Boroughs Divisions Townes and Places for which they are appointed Comissioners respectively) meete together att the most usiiall and comon place of meeteing within each of the said Countyes Cityes Boroughs Divisions Townes and Places respectively upon the eight and twentieth day of February which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety four And the said Comissioners or soe many of them as shall be psent att the said first generall meeteing or the major parte of them are hereby authorised and required to put this psent Ad in execucon according to the best of theire judgments and discrecons and shall then if they [shall1] see cause subdivide and distribute aswell themselves as other Comissioners then not psent for the execucon of this Act into lesser numbers soe as three or more of the said Comissioners may be appointed for the service of each Hundred or other Division and soe as may best conduce to the carrying on of His Majesties service hereby required *.*

And for the more effectuall performance hereof be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That the Comissioners att theire first Generall Meeteing or the major parte of them shall agree and sett downe in writeing who and what number of the said Comissioners shall act in each of the said Divisions or Hundreds Neverthelesse not thereby to restraine the said Comissioners from acting as Comissioners in any other parte of the County or Place for which they are nominated; And deliver a true Copy of such writeing to the Receiver Generall to the end that there be noe Failure in any parte of the due Execucon of the Service by this Act required I*

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners shall direde theire severall or joynt Precepte or Preceptf to such Inhabitant High Constables Petty Constables Bailifff and other like Officers and Ministers and such number of them as they in theire discrecon shall thinke most convenient requireing them to appeare before the said Comissioners att such place and time (not exceedeing Tenne Dayes) as they shall appointe: And att such theire Appearance the said Comissioners shall openly read or cause to be read unto them

the Rates and Assessment^ in this Act menc&ned; And alsoe openly declare the effede of theire Charge to them and how and in what manner they ought and should make theire Certificates and how they ought to proceede in the Execucon of this Act according to the Rates aforesaid ; And if any High Constable Petty Constable Bailifff Inhabitant^ or other Officers or Ministers to whome any Precepte shall be directed shall absent themselves without lawfull excuse to be made out by the Oaths of Two credible Witnesses (wrhich Oaths the Comissioners or any Two of them are hereby impowered to administer) or if any person appeareing shall refuse to serve then every such person soe makeing defaulte or refusing to serve shall for every time of such defaulte or refusall forfeite and lose unto His Majestic such sumes as the Comissioners or soe many as shall be psent or the major parte of them [being psent *] shall think fitt not exceedeing the sume of Five pounds nor lesse then Forty shillingf;

VI.

Commissioners to meet upon the 28th ot February,

and to divide themselves for the Execution of the Aa;

VII.

and to agree what Number shall act in each Hundred, &c.; such Division not to restrain them from acting in any other Part of the County.

VIII. Precepts to be directed to Inhabitants, Sec. requiring them to appear at a Place and Time not exceeding 'Pen Days; then to read the Rates, and charge them how to make Certificates

Such Persons absenting without excuse or refusing to serve;

Penalty.

Bayliffs O.

2 interlined on the Roll.

548

6° Ik 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

A.D. 1694.

At and after such General Meeting, Commissioners to dire A Warrants for Assessors; and to prefix the Assessors a Day and Place to bring in Certificate in Writing of the Names of Persons in Limits; and of Personal Estate, Offices,&c. Assessors to inform themselves, by all lawful ways, of the full yearly Value of Manors and Hereditaments; and then to assess as. per Pound of lull yearly Value;

and to bring, at time prefixed, a Certificate of Assessment;

and to return Collectors; for whose Payment to the Head Collectors Parish shall be answerable. Assessors neglecting or refusing to serve, or making Default;

Penalty.

Distress

charged upon Receiver General. Every Assessor, before he aAs, to take the Oaths of i W. Sc M. Sess. i c. 8. and the following Oath.

IX.

Certificates of Assessments to be returned to the Commissioners before the jth of March, unless they give further Time.

On Return of Certificates Commissioners or any Three may examine Presenters. If Commissioners suspeA that Persons, &c. which ought to be charged, are omitted, or an under Value of Lands, they may summon Party to be examined.

And att and after such generall Meeteing and Charge given as aforesaid the said Comissioners shall take care that Warrantf be issued forth and directed to Two att the least of the most able & sufficient Inhabitantf of each Parish Towneshipp or Place within the respective Divisions thereby appointeing and requireing them to be Assessors of all and every the Rates and Dutyes by this Act. imposed And shall [alsoe therein *] appointe and ptyix a certaine Day and Place for the said Assessors to appeare before them and to bring in theire Certificates in writcing of the Names and Sirnames of every Person dwelling and resideing within the Limittf of those Places with which they shall be charged and of the Substance and Values of every of them in ready Money Debts Goods Chattllf or other personall Estate whatsoever (excepte as before excepted) or in Publick Offices or Imploymentf of Profitt; And the said Assessors are therein alsoe to be required and are hereby injoyned to ascertaine and informe themselves by all lawfull wayes and meanes they canne of the true and full yearely Value of all Mannors Messuages Lands and Tenementf as alsoe of all Quarries Mines of Coale Tin or Lead Copper Mundick or other Mines Iron-Works Salt-Springs and Salt-Works Allom Mines and Works Parks Chases Warrens Woods Underwoodf and Coppices and all Fishingf Tyths Tollf Annuities and other yearely Profittf and of all Hereditaments of what nature or kinde soever scituate lyeing and being happening or ariseing within the Limittf of those Places with which they shall be charged And being soe thereof ascertained they are to assesse all and every the said Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf and pmisses before appointed to be charged after the Rate of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the full yearely value as the same are lett for or worth to be lett att the time of assessing thereof as aforesaid And to bring with them att the time and place soe as aforesaid pffixed for theire Appearance a Certificate in writeing of the said Assessement and shall then alsoe return the Names of Two or more able and sufficient persons liveing within the limittf and boundf of those Parishes Towneshipps Constablewickf or Places where [the1] shall be chargeable respectively to be Collectors of the moneyes to be paid to His Majestic by this Act For whose paying in to the Head Collector in manner hereafter menconed such moneyes as they shall be charged withall the Parish or Place wherein they are soe imployed shall be answereable; And if any Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall neglect or refuse to serve or shall make defaulte att the time appointed for his appearance (not haveing a lawfull excuse to be witnessed by the Oaths of Two credible Witnesses which Oath the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them have power to administer) or shall not performe his Dutye every such Assessor shall for every such neglect refusall or defaulte forfeite and lose unto His Majestic such sume as the Comissioners or soe many of them as shall be psent or the major parte of them shall thinke fitt not excecdeing the sume of Twenty pounds nor under the sume of Tenne pounds to be levyed by distresse and sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattellf in like manner as by this Act is appointed for levying the sevcrall Rates and Assessmentf herein menconed in case of neglect or refusall of payment and to be charged upon the respective Receivers Generali together with the said Rates and Assessmentf $ And every Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall before he take upon him the execucon of the said Imployment take the Oaths menconed and required to be taken by an Act made in the Parliament held the First yeare of the Raigne of King William and Queene Mary intituled An Act for the abrogateing the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths; And alsoe take an Oath to be administered in these words following:

YOU shall sweare well and truly to execute the duty of an Assessor and to cause the Rates and Dutyes imposed by an Act intituled An Act for granting to His Majestie an Aid of Four shillingf in the pound for One Yeare and for applying the yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds for Five Yeares out of the Dutyes of Tunnage and Poundage and other sumes of money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported for carrying on the Warr against France with vigour to be duly and impartially assessed according to the best of your Skill and Knowledge And therein you shall spare noe person for favour or affeccon nor any person grieve for hatred or ill-will: Soe helpe you God

Which Oaths any Two or more of the Comissioners in the County City or Place where the said Assessm*. is to be made have hereby power and are hereby required to administer

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Rates and Assessementf upon all ready moneyes debts goods chattells personall estates and publick offices and imploymentf of profitt charged by this Act shall be ascertained and the certificates thereof returned to the Comissioners upon or before the Fifth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety four unlesse the Comissioners shall thinke fitt to give a further time; and alsoe the

taxacons and assessements of the Pound Rate of Four shillingf in the pound of the yearely value of all mannors

messuages lands tenementf hereditamentf and phnisses charged by this Act shall be made and ascertained and the severall and respective certificates thereof returned into the Comissioners upon or before the Fifth day of March aforesaid unlesse the Comissioners shall thinke fitt to give further time ; and upon returne of any such certificate the Comissioners or any Three or more of them shall and may (if they see cause) examine the fPsenters thereof; and if the said Comissioners or any Three or more of them within theire severall limits att the time of the returne of the certificates as aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after shall know or have good cause to suspedt that any person or persons or any the mannors messuages lands or other the phnisses which ought to be menconed and charged in the said certificates is or are omitted or that any person or persons in the said certificates menconed

is or are of a greater estate or that any the said mannors or other premisses are of a greater yearely value then

in the said certificate is menconed the said Comissioners or any Three or more of them shall have power to sumon such person or persons and the Owners and Possessors of such mannors or other pmisses to appeare before them att a day and place infixed to be examined touching the matters aforesaid ; and if the person or persons

1 therein alsoe O.

they O.

A.D. 16.9 4.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

549

sumoned to be soe examined shall neglect to appeare (not haveing a reasonable excuse for such his default) every person soe makeing default shall pay to his Majestic double the sume he should or ought to have beene sett att or rated, and moreover the Comissioners or the major parte of soe many of them as shall be psent shall have

power by all lawful 1 waies and meanes to examine into the estate of such person and the value of such pmisses

chargeable by this Act and to sett such Rate or Rates upon the same as shall be according to the true intent of this Act ; and the said Assessors are hereby required to give one copy of theire certificates or assessementf fairely written and subscribed by them unto the said Comissioners by whome they were appointed and the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to cause the said severall and respective Assessementf to them delivered (when by them approved of or altered according to the true intent of this Act) to be fairely written and to signe and seale severall duplicates or copyes of the said Assessementf and one of them soe signed

and sealed forth-with to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the Subcollectors and shall likewise deliver or cause

to be delivered other copies thereof soe signed and sealed unto the Head-Collectors and Receivers Generali according to theire severall and respective colleccons and receiptf; and moreover, the said Comissioners shall cause a true copy or extract of the whole sumes assessed and charged within every Hundred Lathe Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated or assessed in pursuance of this Act and of the whole sumes rated or assessed upon personall estates offices or imploymentf to be certified and transmitted into His Majesties Courte of Exchequer under the hands and seales of any Two or more of the Comissioners but without nameing the persons in such certificates ; and this the said Comissioners shall cause to be done upon or before the Twentieth day of March then next ensueing or within Thirty dayes after (all appeales to them made being first determined) and the Kings Remembrancer in the Exchequer for the time being shall and is hereby required within Three moneths after the duplicates of the last payment shall be transmitted to him to transcribe all the schedules and duplicates of the sumes returned to him from and for every respective County Rydeing City and Towne and every Hundred Wapentake Parish Division Towne and Place therein in a booke of parchem1 in alphabetticall order and in a faire legible hand-writeing; and within Three moneths after the same shall be soe by him received to transmitt all and every the same schedules and duplicates to the Office of Writer of the Tallyes comonly called The Auditor of the Receipte of the Exchequer, who is hereby likewise authorized and required to enter the same in the like alphabeticall order in another booke of parchement fairely written to be provided for that purpose I*

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Comissioners or any Two or more of them shall issue out theire warranty or estreates to the Sub*collectors under theire hands and seales thereby requireing them to levy and collect one Fourth parte of the Rates and Assessmentf in respecte of theire personall estates offices and imploymentf as alsoe one Fourth parte of the Pound Rate charged upon all Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf and pmisses as aforesaid; and the said Sub-collectors are hereby required and enjoyned to levy and collect the same according to the duplicates thereof by them received and according to the intent and direccons of this Act; and to make demand of the said Rates and Assessmentf upon personall estates offices and imploymentf of the parties themselves if they cann be found or otherwise att the place of theire last abode and to pay the same unto theire respective Head-Collectors on or before the Fifteenth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety four or within twenty dayes after And the said Head Collectors are to hasten the said Sub-colIectors and in case the same shall not be collected by reason of neglecte or failure of duty of the said Sub-collectors the said Head-Collectors are to levy by warrant under the hands and [seales'] of any Two or more of the said Comissioners by distresse upon the Sub-col lectors respectively such sume and sumes of money as by him and them ought to have beene paid and is or are not paid by reason of his failure in doeing his duty according the direccons of this Act; and every Head-collector is hereby required to make payment of what shall be soe levyed or received unto the Receiver Generali of the said County City or place upon or before the Twentieth day of March aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after; And the Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said

Head-collectors and to pay what he shall receive from the said Head-collectors into His Majesties receipte of

Exchequer upon or before the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninty five or within twenty dayes after to the end the first payment of the said rates and assessementf may by that time be fully answered and paid into His Majestie; and the said Sub-collectors shall also levy the second quarterly payment of the said rates and assessementf charged as aforesaid upon or before the Third day of June next ensueing or within Twenty dayes after and shall alsoe pay the same in to the Head-collectors upon or before the Tenth day of June aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after, And the said Head-Col lectors shall make payment thereof to the Receivers Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the Seaventeenth day of June aforesaid or within twrenty dayes after: And the said Receiver Generali is alsoe required to make payment of all which he shall soe receive into His Majesties receipte of Exchequer upon or before the Four and twentieth day of June aforesaid or within twenty dayes after to the end that the second payment of the rates and assessementf soe charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully answered and paid in to His Majestie; and the said Sub-collectors are alsoe required and enjoyned to levy one other quarterly payment of the rates and assessementf charged as aforesaid upon or before the Fourth day of September then next ensueing and shall alsoe pay the same unto the said respective Head-

Collectors on or before the Twelvth day of September aforesaid or within twenty dayes after And the said Head-

Collectors are to hasten the said Sub-collectors; and in case the same shall not be collected by reason of neglect or failure of duty in the said Sub-collectors the Head-Col lectors are to proceede against them by distresse in like manner and by like warrant as aforesaid; and every Head-collector is hereby required to make payment of what shall be soe levyed or received unto the Receiver-Genera 11 of the said County City or Place upon or before the

Persons summoned not appearing;

Commissioners may examine into Value of Premises, and set Rates accordingly. Assessors to give One Copy of Assessments to Commissioners. Commissioners to cause same to be written, and sign and seal Duplicates. One delivered to Sub-collectors; others to Head Collectors and Receivers General. Commissioners to cause an Extract of Sums charged. See. to be certified into Exchequer before 20thof March, or within 30 Days after. King's

Remembrancer within Three Months to transcribe Duplicates, &c.; and within Three Months after, to transmit the same to the Auditor of the Receipt.

X.

Commissioners to issue Warrants to the Sub-collectors for levying. See.

Sub-collectors to levy and collect according to their Duplicates; and make Demand of Rates of Parties, or at last Place of Abode.

Head Collectors to hasten Sub-collectors.

In case of Neglect of Sub-collectors; Levy by Distress.

Head Collectors to pay in to Receiver General on or before 20th of March. Receiver to pay into Exchequer on or before 25th of March.

Times for the Second quarterly Payment.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, who is to pay into the Exchequer on or before 24th June.

Times for the Third quarterly Payment.

Head Collectors to hasten Sub-collectors, and may proceed by Distress.

Head Collector to

pay to Receiver General.

1 scale 0.

7 A

6°&7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 169A.

Receiver General to hasten Head Collectors, and pay into Exchequer on or before 30th September.

Times for the last quarterly Payment.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, who is to pay into Exchequer on or before 25 Dec.

All Persons concerned in the Execution of this Act to use Diligence, &c.

XI.

Head Collector's Receipt a Discharge to Sub-collector. Sub-collector to have Three-pence in the Pound.

Head Collector to pay to and be appointed by Receiver. Sub-collector travelling.

Receiver General's Acquittance a Discharge, who is to pay into Exchequer. Allowance lo Receiver General.

XU.

Commissioners' Clerks to have One Penny per Pound for writing the Warrants, &c.

XIII.

Persons neglecting. Sec. to pay Rate,

Collectors to distrain

and to keep the Distress Four Days at Owner's Charge;

then to be appraised and sold, and Overplus restored.

Officer may break

open Houses, Chests, See. in the Day-time;

calling to Assistance the Constables, ike.

Tenants to pay Rates, and to deduftoutof Rent.

Landlords to allow such Deductions.

Twentieth day of September aforesaid or within twenty dayes after; And the Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head-collectors and to pay what he shall receive from the said Head-collectors into his Majesties Receipte of Exchequer upon or before the Thirtieth Day of September aforesaid or within [Twenty1] dayes after to the end that the third Payment of the said Rates and Assessementf may by that time be fully answered and paid in to his Majestie; And the Sub-collectors shall also levy one other quarterly payment of the said rates and assessementf charged as aforesaid upon or before the Third day of December then next ensueing or within Twenty dayes after and shall alsoe pay the same in to the said Head-collectors upon or before the tenth day of December aforesaid or within twenty dayes after ; And the said Head-collectors shall make payment thereof to the Receiver Generali of the said County City or Place upon or before the seaventeenth day of December aforesaid or within twenty dayes after, And the said Receiver Generali is likewise required to make payment of all which he shall soe receive into his Majesties Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the Five and twentieth day of December aforesaid or within Twenty dayes after to the end that the Fourth and last quarterly payment of the said rates and assessementf soe charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully answered and paid in to his Majestie: And all Comissioners Collectors and Receivers are hereby required and enjoyned to apply themselves with all diligence to the most speedy and effectuall execution of theire severall and respective dutyes and to use theire utmost endeavours that all estates herein charged may equally pay the rates and assessementf according to the direccfcn of this Act ; that soe his Majesties Service herein may not be delayed or hindred through any of theire willfull neglect or default I*

And it is further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid that the moneyes received by the Sub-collectors within theire respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duly paid to the Head-collectors wrhose Receipte shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Sub-collector Which Sub-collector for gathering the said particular sumes shall retaine in his hands for every twenty shillingf by him soe paid three pence as a rewrard for his paines and service; and the said Head-collectors shall accordingly pay over the said moneys unto the Receiver Generali of each County City or Place respectively in manner aforesaid which Head-collector or Collectors shall be nominated and appointed by the Receiver Generali of the respective Countyes which said Receiver Generali shall be answereable for all such sumes of money as shall [be1] by him or them collected or received; And that noe Sub collector shall be forced to travell above the space of tenn miles for the payment of the said moneys that shall be by him collected or received; And the said Receiver Generallf acquittance shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Head-collector; And the Receiver Generali shall pay the wholl siime by him received into the receipt of liis Majesties Exchequer in such manner and att and before such dayes and times

as are herein before Emitted and shall have an allowance of two pence in the pound for all moneys which shall

be by him paid into the receipte of the Exchequer upon or before the times p*fixt in this Act I*

And for the carefull writeing and transcribeing the said warrantf certificates estreates and duplicates in due time Itt is further enacted that the Comissioners Clerkf who shall respectively perforine the same shall by warrant under two or more of the Comissioners hands have and receive from the respective Receivers Generali one peny in the pound of all such moneys as he or they shall have received by virtue of such warrantf and estreatf who are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly

And be it further enacted and declared That if any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any sume

or sumes of money whereat • he or they shall be rated and assessed that then it shall and may be lawfull to

and for the said Collectors or any of them and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required for non-payment thereof to levy the sume and sumes soe rated and assessed by distresse and sale of the Goods and Chatties of such person soe refuseing or neglecting to pay by his or theire Goods or Chattellf or to distraine upon the Messuages Lands Tenementf and pmisses soe charged with any such sume or sumes and the Goods and Chattellf then and there found and the Distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of four dayes att the Costs and Charges of the Owners thereof and if the said Owner doe not pay the sume or sumes of money soe rated and assessed within the space of the said four dayes then the said distresse to be appraised by Two or more Inhabitantf where the same shall be taken or other sufficient persons and to be sold by the Collectors for the payment of the said money and the overplus comeing by such Sale (if any be over and above the charges of takeing and keepeing of the distresse) to be imediately returned to the wner thereof; And moreover it shall be lawfull to breake open (in the day time) any House, and (upon Warrant under the hands and seales of Two

or more of the said Comissioners) any Chest Trunk Box or other things where any such Goods [are1] calling

to theire assistance the Constable Tythingman and Headboroughs within the Countyes Cityes Townes and Places where any refusall neglect or resistance shall be made which said Officers are hereby required to be aideing and assisting in the pmisses as they will answere the contrary att theire perill; And the severall and respective Tennant or Tenantf of all Houses Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf which shall be rated by virtue of this Act, are hereby required and authorized to pay such sume or sumes of money as shall be rated upon such Houses Lands

Tenementf or Hereditamentf and to deduct out of the Rents soe much of the said rates as in respect of the

said Rents of every such House Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf the Landlord should or ought to pay and beare And the said Landlordf both mediate and imediate according to theire respective Interests are hereby required to allow'e such deduccons in paymentf upon the receipte of the residue of theire Rents I*

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1694.

6°&7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

551

And it is enacted & declared That every Tenant paying the said Assessmentf shall be acquitted and discharged for soe much money as the assessment shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually paid unto such person and persons unto whome his Rent? should have beene due and payable: And if any person or persons soe rated or charged doe finde him or themselves agreived with such assesseing or rateing and doe within tenne dayes after demand made of the sume or sumes of money assessed on him or them complaine to the Comissioners who signed or allowed his or theire rates or to any Members of the House of Comons, Comissioners for that place the said Comissioners only or any three or more of them shall have and have hereby power (and are required within tenne dayes next after such Complaint particularly at theire publick place of meeteing and not otherwise) to examine the Owner or Owners or any other person or persons upon his or theire oath touching the value of such reall or personall estate and other the matters aforesaid and upon due examinacbn and knowledge thereof, allowe abate defaulke encrease or enlarge the said assessement and the same soe allowed abated encreased or enlarged shall be levyed and shall be certified or estreated into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid: And to that end the said Comissioners are hereby required to meete together for the determining of such complaint? and appeals accordingly; and for this end to expresse in theire warrant? to the Collectors the times and places for determining appeals and to summon the respective Assessors concerneing whose assessement any complaint shall be made to attende at the time and place to be appointed for the determining such complaint who are hereby required to attend accordingly; and appeals once heard and determined to be fynall without any further appeal upon any pretence whatsoever

XIV.

Tenants paying, acquitted.

Persons assessed aggrieved may complain to Commissioners within Ten Days.

The major part of the Commissioners who signed the Rate, to examine upon Oath, and abate or increase the Assessment. Commissioners to meet for

determining

Appeals.

And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Assessor Collector Receiver or other person appointed by the said Comissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his or theire duty in the due and speedy Execucon of this p^sent Ad or if any Assessor shall wittingly or willingly under-rate or assesse at an under-value any person or thing chargeable by this Act the said respective Comissioners or any Three or more of them have hereby power to impose on such person or persons soe [neglecting refuseing'] or not

performeing theire dutyes such fine or fines as [to1] them shall be thought fitt soe as the same exceede not the

sume of Twenty pound? nor to be under the sume of Tenne pound? which said Fines shall not be taken off

or discharged but by the consent of the majority of the Comissioners who imposed the same but shall be levyed

by Warrant under the Hand? and Seals of the said Comissioners or any Two of them by distresse and sale of

the Good? and Chattell? of the Offenders and in default of Good? and Chattells the Offenders to be comitted

(by Warrant under the Hand? and Seals of the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them) to prison there

to remaine till payment of the said Fines And that all Fines that shall be imposed by virtue of this Act shall be

paid to the respective Receivers Generali and by them into the Receipte of His Majesties Exchequer

And it is further enacted and declared That if any Collector that shall (by virtue of this Act be appointed for the Receipte of any sumes of money thereby to be assessed) neglect or refuse to pay any sume or sumes of money which shall be by him received as aforesaid and to pay the same as in and by this Act is directed and shall detaine in his or theire hand? any money received by them or any of them and not pay the same att such time as by this Act is directed, the Comissioners of each County Rideing City or Towne respectively or any Two or more of them in theire respective Divisions are hereby authorized and impowered to imprison the person and [to3] seize and secure the Estate both reall and personall of such Collectors to him belonging or which shall descend or come into the Hand? or Possession of [his4] Heires Executors or Administrators wheresoever the same canne be discovered and found; And the said Comissioners who shall soe seize and secure the estate of any Collector or Collectors shall be and are hereby impowered to appointe a time for the generall meeteing of the Comissioners for such County Rideing City Towne or Place and there to cause public Notice to be given att the Place where such meeteing shall be appointed six dayes att the least before such generall meeteing; And the Comissioners psent at such generall meeteing or the major parte of them, in case the moneys detained by any such Collector or Collectors be not paid or satisfied as it ought to be according to the direccttns of this Act shall and are hereby impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall be for the cause aforesaid seized and secured or any parte of them and to satisfie and pay into the hand? of the Receiver Generall the sume that shall be soe detained in the Hand? of such Collector or Collectors theire Heires Executors or Administrators respectively I*

XV.

Assessor, Collector, Receiver, wilfully neglecting or refusing to do their Duty

Commissioners to fine, not exceeding £20 nor under £ 10.

Fines paid to Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer.

XVI.

Collector not paying Sums collected.

Commissioners may imprison, and proceed against Real and Personal Estate;

and may appoint a General Meeting of Commissioners, of which Notice to be given;

Proceedings

thereon.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared; That att the expiracon of the respective times in this Act XVII. pscribed for the full payment of the said four quarterly payment? the severall and respective Comissioners or any ^Zrsma^rcq^c

Two or more of them within theire Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them Account from

the Collectors within each respective Division Hundred Parish & Place to examine and assure themselves of Receivers General;

the full and whole payment of the particular sume and sumes of money charged within and upon the same

Division Hundred and every parish and place therein and of the due returne of the same into the Hand? of the Receivers Generall theire Deputy or Deputyes of the said County Rideing City Towne and Place respectively and by such Receiver Generall into the Receipte of His Majesties Exchequer to the end there may be noe failure in the payment of any parte of the Assessement by virtue of this Act to be assessed and paid and in case of any failure in the pVnisses the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby to cause the same to be and may levy, forthwith levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act!*

' refusing neglecting O. '* by 0.

i 0. omits. ♦ interlined on the Roll.

552

6° &7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

A.D. 1694.

XVIII.

If Controversy concerning assessing Commissioners, Commissioners concerned to withdraw;

in default,Commissioners present may fine, not exceeding s£zo.

All Questions determined by Commissioners.

XIX.

Proviso for Colleges, &c. in the Universities, the Colleges of Windsor, Eaton, Winchester, and Westminster, and for Hospitals, in respect of Seites of Colleges, Sec. and for Tobias Rustat's Charity.

and for Christ's Hospital, See.

XX. Tenants of Hospitals rated for what the Lands are worth above Rents reserved.

XXL Persons dwelling in one Parish, &c. and having Goods in another, to be assessed where they dwell.

XXII.

Places assessed in the County, &ic. where usually assessed.

XXIII. Proviso respecting Hundred of West Barnefield.

XXIV.

Proviso for Contracts between Landlord and Tenant as to Payment of Taxes.

XXV.

If Action for executing Ad, General Issue.

Treble Costs.

And it is hereby enacted & declared That in case any controversy arise concerneing the said Assessementf or the dividing apportioning or payment thereof which concemes any the Comissioners by this A d appointed, that the Comissioners soe concerned in the said controversie shall have noe voice but shall withdrawe att the time of the debate of any such controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Comissioners and in default thereof that the Comissioners then psent shall have power and are hereby required to impose such Fine and Fines as to them shall be thought fitt upon such Comissioner soe refuseing to withdrawe not exceedcing the sume of twenty pounds and to cause the same to be levyed and paid as other fines to be imposed by this Act are to be levyed and paid And all questions and differences that shall arise touching any the said Rates Assessementf and Levyes or the collecting thereof shall be heard and finally determined by the Comissioners in such manner as by this Act is directed upon complaint thereof made to them by any person or persons thereby agreived without further trouble or suite in Lawe.

Provided that nothing contained in this Act shall extend to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the Two Universities or the [Colledges1] of Windsor Eaton Winchester or Westminster or the Corporactm of the Governours of the Charity for releife of poore Widdowes and Children of Clergymen or the Colledge of Bromley or the Charity settled by Tobias Rustat lately deceased upon the Master Fellowes and Schollars of Jesus Colledge in Cambridge in trust for six poore Clergymens Widdowes or any Hospitall for or in respect of the seites of the said Colledges Halls or Hospitallf or any Master Fellowe or Schollar of any such Colledge or Hall or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universities Colledges or Halls or any Masters or Ushers of any Schoole for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Profittf whatsoever ariseing or groweing due to them in respede of the said severall Places and Employmentf in the said Universities Colledges or Schooles or to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall Bridewell S'. Thomas and Bethelem Hospitall in the City of London and Borough of Southwarke or any of them or the said Corporacbn of the Governours of the Charitye for Releife of Poore Widdowes and Children of Clergymen or the Colledge of Bromley or the Charity settled by Tobias Rustat lately deceased upon the Master Fellowes and Scholars of Jesus Colledge in Cambridge in trust for Six poore Clergymens Widdowes nor to extend to charge any the Almesmen or Almeswomen or other poore persons inhabiting within any other Hospitall or Almeshouse for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to them or any such of them for theire imediate use and releife whose annuall maintenance and profittf shall not exceede in the wholl the sume of Twenty pounds I*

• t

Provided that noe Tennantf of any Lands or Houses by lease or grant from the said Corporacbn or any of the said Hospitallf or Almeshouses doe claime or enjoy any freedome or exempebn by this Act : But that all the Houses and Lands which they soe hold shall be rated and assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Corporation or to the said Hospitallf or Almeshouses to he received and disbursed for the imediate releife and support of the poore in the said Hospitallf [and!] Almeshouses 1*

Provided alsoe That where any person inhabiting within the City of London or any other Cityes or Townes Corporate hath his dwelling house in one of the Parishes or Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandizes chargeable by this Act in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards in the same City, that then such person shall be charged taxed and assessed for such his Goods and Merchandizes in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth and not elsewhere in the said City I*

Provided and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the avoideing all obstructions and delayes in assesseing and collecting the sumes which by this Act are to be rated and assessed ; all Places Constablewickf Divisions and Allotmentf which have used to be rated and assessed shall pay and be assessed in such County Hundred Rape Wapentake Constable wick Division Place and Allotement as the same hath heretofore usually beene assessed in and not elsewhere:

Provided neverthelesse That the Hundred of West-Barnefeild formerly rated and assessed in the Lath of Aylesford in the County of Kent shall upon this Act only be rated and assessed in the Lath of Scray in the County aforesaid .*•

Provided alwaies That nothing in this Act conteined shall be construed to alter change determine or make voide any Contradf Covenantf or Agreementf whatsoever betweene Landlord and Tennant or any others touching the Payment of Taxes or Assessementf Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding I*

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action Plaint Suite or Informacon shall be comenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act such person or persons (soe sued in any Court whatsoever) shall and may plead the Generali Issue (Not guilty) and upon any issue joyned may give this Act and the Speciall Matter in Evidence} and if the Plaintifte or Prosecutor shall become Non-suite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer a discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendants shall recover theire Treble Costs for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any case where Costs by the Lawe are given to Defendants : And the said Receivers Generali

* Collidge 0.

* or 0.

A.D. 1694.

553

6° & 7° G u l. & Ma r . c. 3.

shall give Acquittances (gratis) to the said Head-Collectors for all moneys of them received; And the said Head-Collectors shall alsoe give acquittances (gratis) to the Sub-collectors for all such moneys as shall be paid them in pursuance of this Act, And the said Sub-collectors shall make and deliver to the said Head-Collectors a perfect schedule fairely written in parchment under theire hands and seales signed and allowed by any Two or more of the respective Comissioners containeing the names simames anc!r places of abode of every person within theire respective colleccons that shall make defaulte of payment of any of the sumes that shall be rated or assessed on such person by virtue of this Act where noe sufficient distresse is to be found nor other satisfaction made and not otherwise and the sume and sumes charged on every such person the same schedule to be delivered by the Head-collector to the Receiver Generali of the County City or Place respectively to be by him returned into his Majesties Court of Exchequer Whereupon every person soe makeing default of payment may be charged by processe of the said Court according to the course of the Court of Exchequer in such cases

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted, That in case any lands or houses in any Parish or Constablewick shall lye unoccupied and noe distresse canne be found on the same nor the person of the true Owner or Proprietor canne be found within the County wherein such house or land lyeth by reason whereof the rate and assessement upon such unoccupied house and lands cannot be levyed, that then upon complaint made thereof to the Comissioners for the County where such case shall happen to be the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them shall certifie into His Majesties Court of Exchequer the name of the person whose lands or house soe lyeth unoccupied together with the sume thereupon assessed and the parish and place where such land or house lyeth which certificate is hereby declared to be a sufficient charge upon the person and land or house therein named and shall make the person debtor to His Majestic for the sume soe assessed and the Court of Exchequer shall issue out processe thereupon against the body goods and all other the lands of such debtor untill the suine soe assessed be fully and actually levyed and paid to His Majestie

Provided alwaies and be it enacted ; That where any Wood-Lands shall be assessed and noe distresse canne be had, that in such case it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Collector Constable Headborough or Tythingman by warrant under the hands and seales of two or more of the Comissioners of that Hundred or Division att seasonable times of the yeare to cutt and sell to any person or persons soe much of the wood groweing on the Wood-Lands (Timber-Trees excepted) soe assessed as will pay the assessement or assessementf to be behinde and unpaid and the charge incident thereunto And that it shall and may be lawfull for the person and persons and his and theire assignes to whome such woods shall be sold to fell cutt downe and dispose and carry away the same to his owne use rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner any lawe to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted That where any tax or assessement shall be charged or laid upon any tythes tollf profittf of markettf faires or fishery or other annuall profittf not distraineable, in case the same shall not be paid within fifteene dayes after such assessementf soe charged or laid and demanded then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Collector Constable or other Officer thereunto appointed by warrant under the hands and seales of two or more Comissioners, authorized by this Act to seize take and sell soe much of the said tythes tollf and other profittf soe charged as shall be sufficient for the levying of the said tax and assessement and all charges occasioned by such non-payment thereof rendering the overplus to the owner (if any be)*.-

And for the better pVenting of such unjust vexacons as might be occasioned by such persons as shall be appointed Receivers Generali of any of the sumes of money granted by this Act ; And to the intent that the said Receivers Generali may retume a true account into his Majesties Court of Exchequer of such sumes of money as shall be received by them and every of them theire and every of theire Deputy and Deputyes Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any such Receiver Generali retume or certifie into the said Court any sume or sumes of money to be in arreare or unpaid after the same have beene received either by such Receiver Generali or by his Deputye or Deputyes or any of them or shall cause any person or persons to be sett insuper in the said Courte for any sume or sumes of money that hath beene soe received, That then every such Receiver Generali shall be lyable to pay to every such person and persons that shall be molested vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust certificate retume or setting insuper treble [the1] damages that shall be thereby occasioned the said damages to be recovered by accon of debt bill plaint or informacbn in which noe essoigne proteccbn or wager of lawe shall be allowed nor any more then one imparlance and shall alsoe forfeite to his Majestie his heires and successors to the Crowne of England according to the limittacbn and succession thereof specified and contained in an Act passed in the First yeare of King William and Queene Mary intituled An Act declareing the rights and liberties of the subject and settleing the succession of the Crowne double the sume that shall be soe unjustly certified or returned or caused to be set insuper

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that where any person or persons chargeable with any rates or assessementf by this Act imposed shall be under the age of one and twenty yeares in every such case the Parents Guardians and Tutors‘of such Infantf respectively upon default of payment by such Infantf shall be and are hereby made lyable to and charged with the paymemf which such Infantf ought to have made ; And if such Parents Guardians or Tutors shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawfull to procecde against them in like manner as against any other person or persons makeing defaulte of payment as herein is menconed: And all Parents Guardians and Tutors makeing payment as aforesaid shall be allowed all and every the sumes paid for such Infantf upon his or theire accomptf .*

Receivers General to give Head Collectors Receipts gratis.

Head Collectors to give Receipts gratis to Sub-collectors. Sub-collectors to deliver a Schedule to Head Col lectors, of Defaulters where there is no Distress; which Schedule is to be delivered to Receiver General and returned into the Exchequer.

XXVI. Where Lands, See. unoccupied, and no Distress nor Person of Owner found, the Name of Owner certified into Exchequer;

which Certificate is to be a Charge, and Process to issue.

XXVII. Where Woodlands assessed and no Distress,

Commissioners may enter and cut and sell.

Purchaser may cut and carry away.

XXVIII.

Where Assessment on Tithes, See. not paid, Collector may take and sell by Warrant under Hands and Seals of Two Commissioners.

XXIX. Receiver General setting Insuper,

See. on Persons who have paid

Penalty to Party

how recovered.

Penalty to the King.

i W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 2.

XXX. Parents and Guardians to pay Rates imposed on Infants;

and upon Negieft, &c. to be proceeded against as other Defaulters.

Sums paid allowed upon their Accounts.

1 interlined on the Roll.

7"

6°&T° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 1694.

XXXL Persons to be rated for Offices at Places where executed, and for Personal Estates where resident.

Persons not Householders fated where resident at Execution of

Aa.

Person out of the Realm rated for Personal Estate where last resident within the Realm.

XXXII.

Person having Goods, &c. in any County other than County wherein he lives, rated in the County where Goods are.

Persons to be rated for Lands, »V c. in the Place where such Lands lie.

XXXIII.

Any Person in rcspe& of several Places of Residence being doubly charged for his Personal Estate, upon Certificate and Oath thereof, to be discharged for so much.

Any Person who by changing his Place of Ret iidence or other Fraud shall escape being taxed, upon Proof thereof, to be doubly charged.

XXXIV.

Householders to rive Account of

dgers to Assessors; Penalty £io.

And be it further enacted that every person rated or assessed for his Office or Employment shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County City or Place where such Office or Employment is executed; And every person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any personall estate to him any way belonging shall be rated att such place where he or shee shall be resident att the time of the execucftn of this Act;

And all persons not being housholders nor haveing a certaine place of residence shall be taxed att the place

where they shall be resident att the time of the execucbn of this Act And if any person who ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act for or in respecte of his personall estate shall att the time of his assessement be out of the Realme such person shall be rated therefore in such County City or Place where he was last abideing within the Realme I*

Provided That where any person shall have any Goods Wares or Merchandizes in any County or Countyes

other then the County where he shall be resident or had his last residence itt shall be lawfull to rate or assesse

such person for such goods wares and merchandizes in the County or Countyes where the same shall be; And every person who shall be rated or assessed as aforesaid for or in respecte of any Mannors Messuages Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf shall be rated and assessed in the place where such Messuages Mannors Lands Tenementf and Premisses respectively doe lye and not elsewhere

Provided alwaies That if any person or persons by reason of his or theire haveing severall MancSn Houses or places of residence or otherwise shall be doubly charged by occasion of this Act for or in respecte of his or theire personall estate then upon certificate made by any two or more of the Comissioners for the County Rideing City or Place of his or theire last personall residence under theire hands and seales of the sfiine or sumes charged upon him or them and in what capacity or respecte he or they were soe charged (which Certificate the said Comissioners are required to give without delay fee or reward) and upon oath made of such certificate before any one Justice of the peace of the County or place where the said certificate shall be made (which oath the said Justice of peace is hereby authorized and required to administer) then the person and persons soe doubly charged shall for soe much as shall be soe certified be discharged in every other County City or Place And if any person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act for or in respect of his personall estate shall by changeing his place of residence or by any other fraud or covin escape from the taxacon and not be taxed and the same be proved before the Comissioners or any Two of them or before any Justice of the Peace in the County Rideing City or Place where such person dwelleth or resideth att any time within one yeare next ensueing after such tax made every person that shall soe escape from the taxacbn and payment shall be charged upon proofe thereof att the double value of soe much as he should or ought to have beene taxed att by this Act; the said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Comissioners or Justices (before whome such proofe shall be made) to be levyed of the Goods Lands and Tenementf of such person I*

And for the better discovery of personall estates be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; That every Housholder shall upon demand of the assessors of the respective parishes or places give an account of the names and qualities of such persons as shall sojorne or lodge in theire respective houses under the penalty of forfeiteing to his Majesty the sume of Twenty pounds to be levyed and recovered in such manner as other penaltyes in this Act menconed are to be levyed and recovered

XXXV.

Commissioners within their Division to rate each other for their Personal Estates and Offices.

Commissioners to assess the Assessors.

XXXVI.

Shares in New River, Thames, Hyde Park, or Mary bone Waters;

Interest in the King's Printing House, and all Companies of Merchants in London; assessed by Commissioners appointed for London;

and the Sums paid by the Treasurers, &c.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; That the Comissioners that shall be within any County City or Place within the respective limittf; or the major parte of them shall rate tax and assesse every other Comissioner joyned with them for or in respecte of the ready money debts Goods Chattellf and personall Estate of such Comissioners and alsoe for and in respecte of the Offices and Employmentf of Profitt which att the time of such examination shall be held and enjoyed by such Comissioners soe as the residence and usuall Dwelling-place of such Comissioner soe to be taxed be within the division of such Comissioners by whome he is taxed and soe as the Office and Employment held and enjoyed by such Comissioner soe to be taxed be likewise to be exercised within the division or limittf of such Comissioners by whome he is to be taxed and the Comissioners within theire Division shall alsoe assesse every assessor within theire division for all and singuler the jpmisses for which by this Act he ought to be rated and assessed And aswell all sumes assessed upon every the said Comissioners and assessors as the assessementf made and sett by the assessors aforesaid shall be written estreated levyed and gathered as the same should and ought to have beene if such Comissioners had not beene named Comissioners

And be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons haveing any share or shares or interest in any fresh streame or runing water brought to the north parts of London comonly called The New River or in the Thames Water-workes or in the Hide-Parke or Mary-bone Waters or any Rents or Profittf ariseing thereby; And all person and persons haveing any share or interest in the stock or stocks of printing of books in or belonging to the house comonly called The Kings Printing House shall pay for the same the sume of Four shillingf for every Twenty shillingf of the full yearely value thereof; And they and all Companyes of Merchantf in London charged by this Act shall be assessed by the Comissioners nominated and appointed for the said City or any Three of them for theire respective shares and interests aforesaid and the aforesaid joynt stock and stocks and the same shall be paid by the Govemours and respective Treasurers of the said respective Companyes and by the Treasurers or Receivers of the said River Waters and Water-works and stock for printing and to be deducted [att &' ] out of theire next Dividend

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1694.

555

6°&7° Gul. & Mar. c. 3.

XXXVII.

Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey.or Guernsey.

XXXVIII.

Any Two Commissioners may require Account from Receiver General, and may levy.

Provided alsoe that this Act shall not extend to the inhabitant^ of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guemescy for and concerneing any such personal 1 estate which they or any to theire use have within the places aforesaid *.*

And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners or any two or more of them may and shall from time to time call for and require an account from the respective Receivers Generali of all the moneyes received by them of the said Collectors and of the payments thereof into his Majesties receipte of Exchequer according to the [direccbns*] of this Act; And in case of any failure in the premisses the said Comissioners or any two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe letters patentf granted by his Majestie or any XXXIX. of his Royal 1 Progenitors to any person or persons Cityes Boroughs or Townes Corporate within this Realme of Ewmption frol

any manner of Libertyes Priviledges or Exemptions from Subsidies Tollf Taxes Assessmentf or Aids shall be Su^ ^ to* Rat

construed or taken to exempt any person or [person4] City Borough or Towne Corporate or any of the Inhabitant? of the granted by this same or in the Tower of London from the burthen and charge of any sume or sumes of money granted by this

Act but that all and every such person and persons City Borough and Towne-Corporate shall pay theire proportions

of all rates and assessementf by this (3) Act imposed any such Letter s-Patent? Grant? or Charters or any Clause of Non-Obstante Matter or thing therein conteined or any Lawe Statute Custome or pseripedn to the contrary notwithstanding I*

Provided alsoe That noe person inhabiting in any City Borough or Towne Corporate shall be compelled to be any Assessor or Collector of or for any parte of the rates and assessementf hereby granted in any place or places out of the limittf of the said City Borough or Towne Corporate

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That every rate tax or assessement which shall be made or imposed by virtue of this Act in respecte of any House or Tenement which an Ambassador Resident Agent or other publick Minister of any Forreigne Prince or State now doth or hereafter shall inhabitt or occupy shall be paid by the Landlord or Owner of the said house or [tenement4] respectively I*

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That in all priviledged and other places being extraparochiall or not within the constable-wick? or precinftf of the respective Assessors to be appointed by virtue of this Act (although in any monthly or other tax they have not beene assessed or rated heretofore) the said Comissioners or any two or more of them shall and are hereby required to nominate and appointe two fitt persons liveing in or neare the said priviledged or other places as aforesaid to be Assessors for the said places and to make and returne theire said assessementf in like manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish Tything or Place and alsoe to appoint one or more C.olleftor or Collectors who are hereby required to collect and pay the same according to the rates appointed by this Act for collecting and paying all sumes of money payable by this Act

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Cdmissioner or Comissioners who shall be imployed in the execucbn of this Act shall be lyable for or by reason of such execucbn to any of the penaltyes mentioned in an Act made in the Five and twentieth yeare of the reigne of King Charles the Second for the inventing of dangers which may happen from Popish recusantf

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That noe person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in the execucon of this Act before he shall have taken the oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the First yeare of the raigne of King William and Queene Mary intituled (An Act for the abrogateing the oaths of supremacy and allegiance and appointing other oaths (which oaths it shall be lawfull for any two or more Comissioners to

administer and are hereby required to administer to any other Comissioners I*

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Papist or reputed Papist being of the age of sixtcenc yeares and upwardf who shall not have taken the oaths menconed and required to be taken by the said

last menebned Act shall yeild and pay unto his Majestie double the sumes and rates which by force or virtue of

any clause in this Act before menconed or conteined he or shee should or [ought5] to pay or be charged with to be assessed levyed and collected answered recovered and paid in such manner and by such wayes and meanes and according to such rules and direccons and under such penaltyes and forfeitures as are before in this Act expressed or appointed for and concerneing the above menconed rates and sumes which are hereby intended to be doubled as aforesaid I. Provided neverthelesse that if any such Papist or reputed Papist within tenne days after the first meeteing of the said Comissioners in the respective Countyes or Places where he or shee ought to be taxed or

assessed according to the intent of this psent Act; shall take the said oaths before two or more of the said

Comissioners (which oaths the said two or more Comissioners are hereby impowered to administer) that in such case he or shee shall not be lyable to be doubly assessed as aforesaid .*•

XL.

Inhabitants in Cities, &c. not compellable to be Assessors, &c. out of 1 imits. XL1.

Proviso respecting Assessments on Houses where Foreign Ministers reside.

XLII. Proviso respecting Nomination of Assessors and Collectors in Ext ra-parochial and privileged Places.

XLIII.

Commissioners not liable to Penalties of 25 Car. II. c. 2.

XLIV.

Commissioners to take the Oaths of 1 W. & M. Sess. 1. c 8.

which Commissioners may administer.

XLV. Papist of 16 and upwards not having taken the Oaths to pay double.

Proviso where within Ten Days after Meeting of Commissioners he shall take the Oaths.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person being of the age of sixteenc yeares or XLVI.

upward? and being within this realme at the time of the execucbn of this Act who shall not before that time upwards who shall

have taken the oaths menebned and required to be taken by the said Act intituled (An Act for the abroeateine of "J* * ^tcn l*

. . .. Gad*5 before

the oaths of supremacy and allegiance and appointing other oaths) And upon sumons by warrant under the hand Execution of

and scale of any two or more of the Comissioners appointed by this Act shall refuse to take the said oaths att

1 direction O.

•' person* O.

3 present 0.

tenement* 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

6° & 7° G u l. & Ma r . c. 3.

A.D. 1694.

refuse to take them, or neglecfc to appear before Commissioners, to pay double.

XLVII.

Gentlemen, who by 3 W. &: M. c. 6. paid double, or have been returned into Exchequer for Non-payment, not appearing before the Commissioners to take the Oaths,

to pay double.

XLVIII.

Commissioners to summon Persons suspc&ed to appear and take the Oaths.

XLIX. Proviso for Quakers subscribing the Declaration of Fidelity

i W. & M. Seas. i. c. 18.

L.

No Person liable to Pound Rate whose Lands are under 203.

LI.

Chancery Officers within the Liberty of the Rolls to be there assessed.

LII.

Collectors keeping Monies collected in their Hands, or paying other than to Head-collectors or Receivers General;

Penalty .£to.

Head Collector so offending; Penalty ^40.

Receiver General paying to any Person other than the Exchequer or paying upon Tally of Pro, &c.;

Penalty 1,000.

LI 11.

Treasury not to direct Warrant for Payment of Monies

the time appointed in the said warrant or shall neglect to appeare att such time before the Comissioners in order to take the said oaths (which said oaths the said Comissioners or any two or more of them are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall yeild and pay unto his Majestie double the slimes and rates which by force or virtue of any clause in this Act before meneftned or Qcotained'] he or shee should or ought to pay or be charged with in manner as is before in this psent Act appointed touching Papistf or reputed Papistf

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid MTiat every Gentleman or soe reputed or owneing or writeing himselfe such or being above that quality who by virtue of an Act made in the third yeare of the raigne of King William and Queene Mary entituled (An Act for raiseing money by a poll payable quarterly for one yeare for carrying on a vigorous Warr against France did pay or ought to have paid double the sumes charged by the said Act or were or ought to have beene returned into the Exchequer for nonpayment thereof who shall not voluntarily appeare before the said Comissioners or any two or more of them within tenne dayes after the first meeteing of the said Comissioners in the respective place or places where he ought to be taxed or assessed and take the said oaths appointed by the said Act made in the first yeare of the raigne of King William and Queene Mary (which Oaths the said Comissioners or any two or more of them are hereby impowered and required to administer and to make an entry or memorandum thereof in some Booke to be kept for that purpose) such person shall be charged with and pay double the sumes which by force or virtue of this Act he should or ought to have paid; to be assessed levyed collected answered recovered and paid in such manner by such wayes and meanes and according to such rules and Direccftns and under such penalties and forfeitures as are before in this Act expressed or appointed for or concerneing the above meneftned rates and sumes which are hereby intended to be doubled as aforesaid

And be it further enacted That any one or more of the Comissioners appointed by this Act upon informaeftn given or upon any cause of suspicion in that behalfe shall and are hereby required and enjoyned to cause every person suspected or against whome such informaeftn shall' be given to be siimoned to appeare to take the said Oaths as aforesaid

Provided neverthelesse That whereas certaine persons Dissenters from the Church of England comonly called Quakers and now knowne to be such doe scruple the takeing of any Oath it shall be sufficient for any such person to make and subscribe the declaracon of fidelity conteined in an Act made in the Parliament held in the first yeare of the raigne of King William and Queene Mary intituled An Act for exempting theire Majesties Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the penalties of certaine Lawes which declaracftn any two or more of the Comissioners appointed for the execution of this Act are hereby impowered and required to take and every such person soe doeing shall not be lyable to or chargeable with any of the double rates aforesaid

Provided that noe poore person shall be charged with or lyable unto the pound rate imposed by this Act upon Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf whose Lands Tenement f or Hereditamentf are not of the yearely value of Twenty shillingf in the wholl

Provided alwaies That the Right Honourable the Master of the Rolls the Masters of Chancery Six Clerkf Clerkf of the Petty-Bag Examiners Registers Clerkf of the Inrollment Clerkf of the Affidavitf and Subpena Office and all others the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute theire Offices within the liberty of the Rolls shall be theire assessed for theire respective Offices and not elsewhere

And be it further enacted That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keepe in his hands any parte of the money by him collected for any longer time then is by this Act directed (other then the Allowance made unto him by this Act) or shall pay any parte thereof to any person or persons other then to the Head Collector or Receiver Generali of such County or Place or his respective Deputy that every such Collector shall forfeite for every such Offence the sume of Tenne pounds, And in case any Head Collector shall keepe in his hands any parte of the money paid to him by any Collector by virtue of this Act for any longer time then is by virtue of this Act directed or shall pay any parte thereof to any person or persons other then the Receiver-General 1 of such County or Place or his Deputy" every such Head-Collector shall forfeite for every such Offence the sume of Forty pounds; And in case any Receiver-Generall or his Deputy shall pay any parte of the moneyes paid to him or them by any Collector by virtue of this Act to any person or persons whatsoever (other then the receipte of his Majesties Exchequer and att or within the respective times limited by this Act) or in case any such Receiver-Generall or his Deputy shall pay any parte of the said moneyes by any Warrant of the Comissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or upon any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation or other way or device whatsoever whereby to divert or hinder the actuall payment thereof into the receipte of the Exchequer as aforesaid that then such Receivor-Generall shall for every such Offence of himselfe or his Deputy forfeite the sume of One thousand pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Courte of Record by Bill Plaint or other Informaeftn wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Lawe is to be allowed

And it is hereby further enacted That the Comissioners of the Treasury or the Lord Treasurer Under-Treasurer or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them doe not direct any Warrant to any of the said Head-Collectors or Receivers-Generall or theire Deputy for the payment of any parte of the moneyes hereby

1 contained O.

551

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

given to any person or persons other then into the Receipte of the Exchequer as aforesaid nor shall they nor any of them direct any warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the strikeing of any tally of Pro or tally of anticipaeon nor doe any other matter or thing whereby to divert the actuall payment of the said moneyes into the Receipte of the Exchequer, Nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer strike or direct or record the strikeing of any tally of Pro or tally of anticipaeon upon any the said moneyes upon any accompt [or warrant'] whatsoever Nor shall any Teller throw downe any bill whereby to charge himselfe with any of the said moneyes untill he shall actually have received the same I*

otherwise than into the Exchequer, nor to the Officers of Exchequer for striking Tally of Pro, &c. nor Officers of Exchequer to strike any such Tally, 3ic.

LIV.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That noe stay of prosecucbn upon any comand warrant moebn or order or direccbn by Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be had made admitted received or allowed by any Court whatsoever ^7>ther Sta^ of* in any suite or proceedeing by accon of debt bill plaint or informacon or otherwise for the recovery of all or Prosecution in any any the paines penalties or forfeitures upon any person or persons by this Act inflicted or therein menconed for or in order to the conviccbn or disability of any person offending against this Act

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That noe person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in the execucbn of this Act for any County' or Rydeing or the C.ityes of London and Westminster unlesse he was assessed and did pay to His Majestic the sume of Twenty shiliingf quarterly towards the rates and assessincntf granted by an Act made in the Third yeare of the raigne of King William and Queene Mary intituled An Act for raiseing money by a poll payable quarterly for One yeare for the carrying on a vigorous warr against France or the sume of Four pounds to the Act made in the Fourth yeare of the raigne of King William and Queene Mary intituled An Act for reveiw of the quarterly poll granted to theire Majesties in the last session of this psent Parliament; and alsoe that noe person shall be capable of acting as a Comissioner in the execucbn of this Act for any other City or in any Borough Towne or Cinque-Port or the Countyes thereof respectively unlesse he was assessed and did pay the sume of Twenty shiliingf quarterly as aforesaid or was assessed and did pay the sume of Tenne shiliingf quarterly (as a Trades-man worth Three hundred pounds) towards the said quarterly poll or the sume of Forty shiliingf to the said Act for reviewe of the said quarterly poll

LV.

No Person to b£ Commissioner in any County, or in London or Westminster, who did not pay under 3 W. & M. c. 6.; or 4 W.& M. c. 14.

nor in any other Place, unless he so paid, or paid 10s. quarterly as a Tradesman worth s€300.

Provided alwaies That every person who did pay the sume of Tenne shiliingf quarterly (as a Trades-man worth LVI.

Three hundred pounds) towards the said quarterly poll may be capable of acting as a Comissioner for and within ^Tiavinjr*1 any City Borough or Towne Corporate wffiereof he is an Inhabitant although he be nominated a Comissioner for paid to the said the County att large in which such City Borough or Towne Corporate is scituate unlesse Comissioners be particularly Comirdwloner*. appointed by this Act for such City Borough or Towme Corporate I. Exception.

Provided neverthelesse That in case there shall not be a sufficient number of Comissioners for any City Towne and County of the same Borough Towne or Cinque-Port (for which by this Act Comissioners are particularly appointed) capable of acting according to the qualificacbns hereby for putting this Act in execucbn, that in every such case any of the Comissioners appointed for the County att large within wrhich such Cityes Townes and Countyes of the same Borough Towne or Cinque-Port doth stand or w hich is next adjoyneing thereto, may act as Comissioners in the execucbn of this Act within such City Towne and County of the same Borough Towne or Cinque-Port I*

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted That in case there shall not be a sufficient number of the persons nominated to be Comissioners for any County wrho shall be capable of acting as Comissioners according to the qualificacbns in this Act That in every such case it shall be lawful 1 for His Majestie to issue or cause to be issued one or more comission or comissions under the Greate Seale of England and thereby to nominate constitute and appointe such and soe many persons being resident and haveing reall estates of the value of One hundred pounds a yeare in the said respective Countyes for wffiich they shall be respectively nominated to be Comissioners for putting this psent Act in execucbn in the said Countyes respectively which said Comissioners soe to be nominated and appointed for the said Countyes respectively shall have such and the same powders for putting this Act in execucbn in the said respective Countyes and under the same rules and direccbns as any other Comissioners nominated or appointed by this Act any thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

And for the more effectuall chargeing all personall estates be it enacted by the authority aforesaid; That if after the assesseinentf on personall estates directed by this Act shall be made, any person shall come to inhabitt or reside in any Division or Place where such person wras not rated or taxed for personall estate the Comissioners acting within such Division or Place are hereby required and impowered to sumon such person before them and unlesse he or shee shall produce a certificate made according to the direccbns of this Act whereby it shall appeare that he or shoe was assessed and had actually paid all the precedent quarterly paymentf in some other place for his or her personall estate the said Comissioners shall and are hereby required to cause such person to be assessed for his or her personall estate, and cause the same by such quarterly paymentf thereof as shall be unassessed and unpaid to be assessed levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act

Provided alwaies That the prison of the Kings Bench the Prison-House lands gardens and Chmon-Side; and all the rents profittf and pquisites of the office of the Marshall of the said Kinges Bench prison Iyeing and being in the Parish of S‘. George the Martyr in the Borough of Southwarke and County of Surrey j and alsoe

LVI I.

When not Commissioners enough for any City, &c. Commissioners for County may act.

Lvni.

In case there be not a sufficient Number of Commissioners capable of acting for any County, His Majesty may constitute under the Great Seal so many Persons, being resident, as have Real Estates of X'ico per Annum in the Counties, to be Commissioners.

LIX.

Person after Assessment removing to a Place where he was not rated for Personal Estate, Commissioners to summon and rate, unless Certificate that lie was assessed and had paid.

LX.

King's Bench Prison, ike. and the Marshalsea,

‘ interlined on the Roll.

7C

A.D. 16‘94.

6°& 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

to be charged in the Parish of Saint George Southwark.

LXI.

Commissioners acting before taking the Oaths, Penalty oo.

LX II.

Where Owners of Lands are liable to be doubly charged, as Papists or otherwise, for not taking the Oaths, Owners only charged, and Tenant discharged.

LXIII.

Southwark Water-works by whom rated and assessed.

LXIV. The like as to Westminster Water-works

LXV. Recital that Receivers General, and the King's Remembrancer and the Auditor of the Exchequer, are required to make certain Returns.

Receiver General not making such Return

Penalty a£$o and Incapacity.

King's

Remembrancer offending

and the Auditor offending

Penalty jCioo and Incapacity.

LXVI. Auditor, &c. to allow to Parties paying Rents due to the Crown, &c, not making such Allowance. Penalty.

LXVII.

Proviso for Rectory, &c. not exceeding ^30.

LXVIII. Certain Tenants of Lands, &c. belonging to Colleges, See. not discharged.

the Prison-House lands and gardens of the prison of the Marshall of the Marshalsea Prison and all offices perquisites and profitts of the Marshalsea Court and Prison lyeing and being alsoe in the said Parish of S*. George in the Borough of Southwarke and County of Surrey shall be charged and assessed to this assessement in the said Parish of S'. George and Borough of Southwarke and not else where any thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That if any person hereby named a Comissioner shall presume to act as a Comissioner in the execucon of this Act, before he shall have taken the oaths which by this Act he is required to take and in the manner hereby pscribed he shall forfeite to His Majestie the sume of Five hundred pounds

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That where the Owners of any lands tenementf and hereditamentf are

Iyable to be doubly charged as Papistf Reputed Papistf or otherwise by reason of theire not haveing taken the

oaths according to the intent of this Act; in every such case such Owners only shall be charged with, and shall pay the said double rates; and the respective Tennantf of such lands tenementf and hereditamentf are hereby discharged of and from the same any covenant for payment of taxes or other agreement to the contrary notwithstanding I*

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the Waterworkf in the Burrough of Southwarke shall be rated and assessed by the Comissioners and Assessors of the County of Surrey and not by

the Comissioners or Assessors of the City of London any thing herein before conteined to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it enacted; That all the Waterworkf in the City and Liberty of Westminster shall be rated and assessed by the Comissioners [and Assessors'] for the said City and Liberty and not by the C5missioners or Assessors of the City of London any thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas, the Receivers-Generall are by this Act appointed by a time limitted as aforesaid to retume a true coppy or extract of the wholl sume assessed and charged within every Hundred Rydeing Lathe Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated or assessed in pursuance of this Act together with the sumes assessed upon personall estates offices or employmentf and to transmitt the same into His Majesties Court of Exchequer; and the Kings Remembrancer is alsoe required to transcribe the schedules and duplicates of the said sumes to him returned in a parchment booke in alphabetycall order to be by him transmitted to the office of the Writer of the Tallyes comonly called The Auditor of the Receipte of the Exchequer who is thereupon likewise required to enter the same in a parchment booke in the like alphabeticall order be it further enacted That if any Receiver Generali by this Act appointed shall neglect or refuse to retume duplicates of the sumes assessed and charged in the County Rydeing Hundred Lathe Wapentake Parish Ward or Places whereof he is Receiver-Generall within the time hereby limitted into His Majesties Exchequer to the office of the Kings Remembrancer then every such Receiver-Generall shall forfeite the sume of Fifty pound f to any that will sue for the same and be thenceforth incapable of any office or place of trust in His Majesties service; and if the Kings Remembrancer for the time being shall neglect or refuse within the times hereby appointed to transcribe the schedules and duplicates of the sumes to him returned in a booke of parchment in alphabeticall order as hereby required and transmitt the same to the office of the said Writer of the Tallyes; and if the said Writer of the Tallyes comonly called Auditor of the Receipte shall not enter the same in alphabeticall order in another parchment booke as hereby directed they and every of them respectively offending shall forfeite the sume of One hundred pounds to any that will sue for the same and be thenceforth incapable of any office or place of trust in His Majesties service; which said forfeitures by any Receiver-Generall, Kings Remembrancer or Auditor of the Receipte shall be recovered by accon of debt plaint or information in any of His Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe essoigne protection or wager of law shall be allowed nor more then one imparlance

Provided alsoe and be it enacted, That all and every Auditor Reeve Receiver and theire Deputyes who receive any fee-farme rents or other cheife rents due to His Majestie or the Queene Dowager, or to any other person or persons claimeing by any grant or purchase from or under the Crowne shall allow Four shillingf in the pound according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act to the party and partyes so payeing the same without any fee for such allowance upon penaltye of forfeiteing the sume of Tenne pounds and loseing theire respective places and offices if they faile therein I-

Provided neverthelesse and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act conteined shall extend to charge or tax any Rector or Vicar who has the cure of souls and actually resides upon his rectory or vicaridge (upon the account of such his rectory or vicaridge only) unlesse his rectory or vicaridge does really and truely exceede the value of Thirty pounds by the yeare and unlesse that he has more then One rectory or vicaridge

Provided alwaies, That nothing conteined in this Act shall be construed or taken to discharge any tennant of any the houses or lands belonging to the said Colledges Halls Hospitallf Almshouses or Schooles or any of them, who by theire leases or other contraftf are and doe stand oblidged to pay and discharge all rates taxes and impositions whatsoever; but that they and every of them shall be rated and pay all such rates taxes and impositions, any thing in this Act conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

1 interlined on the Roll.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

559

Provided alwaies and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the allowance of one penny in the pound to the Comissioners Clerkf herein before appointed shall not be paid by the respective Receivers-Generali untill the said Clerkf for the respective Countyes doe procure a certificate from the office of the Kings Remembrancer in the Exchequer (which certificate shall be made without delay or reward) that such Clerkf have perfected the duplicates and transmitted the same into the said office as is herein before directed, any thing herein before conteined to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That out of the money that shall be levyed or paid by virtue of this Act into the Receipte of the Exchequer aswell upon loans as otherwise j the sume of Tenne hundred thousand pounds shall be and is hereby appropriated for the services of the Navy and Ordnance for Sea service performed and to be performed; and that all other money which shall be levyed and paid by virtue of this Act into the Receipte of the Exchequer aswell upon Loans as otherwise shall be applyed and appropriated and is hereby appropriated to and for the payment of His Majesties Land Forces and Armies and the paying for Armes Ammunicon and other Charges incident to the Warr and not otherwise .*•

And for the more effectuall doeing thereof, and that the sumes by this Act appropriated may not be diverted or applyed to any other purpose then is hereby declared and intended be it enacted by the Authoritye aforesaid That the rules and direccons appointed and enacted in one Ad made in the First Yeare of His Majesties Raigne endtuled An Act for [granting1] to theire Majesties an Aide of Two shillingf in the pound for One yeare for the speedy payment of money thereby granted into the Receipte of the Exchequer by the Collectors and Receivers and for distribucon and applicacbn thereof and keepeing distinct accomptf of the same and all other Provisions Paines Penalties and Forfeitures thereby enacted, in case of diversion of any money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enacted to be in force and shall be pradised applyed executed and put in ure for and concerneing the distribucon and applicacon of the [said1] sumes hereby appropriated as fully amply and effectually, as if the same were here particularly repeated and re-enacted

And for the better secureing the Trade of this Kingdome be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the Shipps of Warr for the Lyne of Battle, and for Convoys to remote parts, att the least four shipps of the third rate sixteene shipps of the fourth rate, thirteene shipps of the fifth rate, and tenne shipps of the sixth rate, shall be from time to time directed and appointed by the Lord High Admirall of England or the Comissioners for executeing the [said1] Office for the time being to such proper Stations as they shall deeme meete to cruise for secureing the Merchant^ shipps in theire goeing out and returneing home

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act conteined shall restraine or be construed to restraine the Lord High Admirall of England or the Comissioners for executeing the Office of the Lord High Admirall of England for the time being from directing any of the shipps appointed by this Act to be Cruisers to be imployed in the Lyne of Battle in cases of greate necessity

And whereas severall persons who did contribute advance or pay severall of the sumes of money which have beene contributed advanced or paid upon an Act for granting to theire Majesties severall Rates and Dutyes upon Tunnage of Shipps and Vessellf and upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act menconed to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sume of Fifteene Hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the Warr against France for Annuities Shares or Dividendf upon the severall yearely Annuityes of Tenne Twelve and Fourteene pounds per Centum in the said Act menconed did not name to the Auditor of the Receipte or Clerke of the Pellf in the Receipte of the Exchequer by or within the respective times by the said Act appointed, the respective lives dureing which such Dividendf Shares or Annuityes respectively were to continue It is hereby further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid That if such persons or any of them shall att any time or times before the Twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety four nominate to the Auditor of the Receipte or Clerke of the Pellf in the said Exchequer the respective lives (theire owne or others) dureing which such Dividendf Shares or Annuityes should continue respectively; that then and in every such case his her or theire Nominees shall be entered in the Bookes kept in the said Receipte for the Nominees And every such Contributor or Contributors his her and theire Executors Administrators or Assignes respectively, shall have receive and enjoy such and the like Dividendf Shares or Annuities for and in respect of the moneyes soe contributed advanced or paid as he shee or they might should or ought to have had received or enjoyed in case the respective lives for the same had beene named within the respective times by the said Act pscribed Any thing in this or the said former Act conteined to the contrary notwithstanding I*

And whereas by an Act of this psent Session of Parliament intituled An Act for granting to theire Majesties a Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage and other sumes of money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage and other dutyes payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported are granted to His Majestie for the terme of Five yeares to comence upon the Six and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety and four Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this p^sent Parliament assembled

LXIX.

Allowance to Commissioners* Clerks not paid till Certificate from King'9 Remembrancer's Office.

LXX.

Out of Monies levied 1,000,000

to the Navy and Ordnance.

All other Monies to the Army and other War Incidents.

LXXI.

Rules, Penalties, &c. of i W. & M. Sess. a. c. i. in force, and applied in Execution of this Act.

LXXII.

Cruisers to be appointed for Protection of Export and Import Trade.

LXXIII.

Proviso for Jurisdiction of Admiralty in employing Cruisers.

LXXIV. Recital that several Contributors under 5&6 W. & M.C.20. have not named Lives.

Power to do so before March ao, 1694.

LXXV.

Recital of

2 W. & M. Sess. 1.

c.4.

Receivers General to pay a yearly Sum of ^300,000, Part

• a Grant 0.

« interlined on the Roll.

560

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

A.D. 16.94.

of the Monies of the said Act, into the Exchequer distinct.

Times of Payment.

Deficiency of such Weekly Payments made good out of the whole Customs,

How the said ^300,000 to be applied.

LX XVI. Clause of Loan for c£ 1,250,000.

Tallies of Loan for Money lent, and Orders for Repayment with Interest, at the Rates herein mentioned.

Orders to express Payment out of the said Yearly Sum of .*£300,000.

Orders transferable.

Transfers entered in the Exchequer. Monies lent.

Tax free.

LX XVII.

Books provided, and Payments into Exchequer on said

yearly ^300,000 kept separate.

and by the authority of the same That from and after the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety and four the yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds of lawfull English money

parte of the moneyes ariseing by the said Act shall by the Receiver or Receivers-Generall now and for the

time being of the Customes Subsidies and other Dutyes upon Goods and Merchandizes imported and exported [or to be imported and exported'] be brought and paid into the Receipte of the Exchequer distinctly and separately from all other moneyes whatsoever that are or shall be payable into the said Receipte, and that the

paymentC °f l^c said yearely s.fime of Three hundred thousand pounds shall be made into the said Receipte in

manner followeing that is say On the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety and four

soe much as the weekely sume of Five thousand six hundred pounds to be computed from # the said Five and

twentieth day of December untill the said Thirteenth day of February shall amount unto and afterwards upon

Wednesday in every weeke (if it be not a Holyday) and if it be then upon the next day in every such weeke

that is not an Holiday) the weekely sume of Five thousand six hundred pounds shall be paid as aforesaid as one weeke shall successively and imediately follow or succeede after another dureing the wholl terme of Five yeares by the last [menebned1] Act granted; and in case in any weeke or weekes the wholl Receipte of the moneyes upon the same Act shall not be sufficient to answere the weekely payment or paymentf hereby directed for such particular weeke or weekes, that then and soe often the deficiency and deficiencyes thereof shall be supplyed and made good out of the wholl Receiptf of Customes Subsidies and other Dutyes upon the Act last menebned ariseing in the next weeke or weekes when the Receipte or Receiptf will be sufficient to beare the same; And

that on every Feast day of the Annunciacbn of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint John Baptist Saint

Michaell the Archangell and the Birth of our Lord Christ dureing the said Terme of Five yeares or within Fourteene dayes after every such Feast day, soe much money shall be paid into the said Receipte by the said

Receiver or Receivers Generali, out of the moneyes ariseing by the Act last menebned as together with the said

weekely paymentf which shall have beene made shall compleately make upp satisfie and discharge the entire sume of seaventye five thousand pounds for each and every the respective quarter on such Feast day ending; And that the said yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds and every parte thereof shall be applyed and disposed and the same is hereby appropriated for and towards the payment and satisfaccbn of the sume not exceedeing Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds hereby authorized to be borrowed thereupon and the interest thereof as is herein after menebned One moiety of which Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds shall be and is hereby appropriated to the use of the Navy and Ordnance for Sea Service, and the other moiety for the Land Service s

And for the better and more speedy supplying His Majesty with moneys, for the more effectuall carrying on of the Warr against the French King Itt is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for His Majestie or the Officers of the Exchequer by his comand and appointement to borrowe receive and take att the Receipte of the Exchequer by way of loan from any Person or Persons Natives or Forreigners Bodyes Politique or Corporate that are or shall be willing to lend the same any sume or sumes of money not exceedeing the said sume of Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds upon creditt of the said yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated and to be supplyed out of such Customes Subsidyes or other Dutyes as are before menebned. And that Tallyes of loane shall be levyed for all and every sume and sumes of money soe to be lent, And that orders according to the course of the Exchequer shall be drawne signed and issued for the repayment of the same and for payment of interest for the forbeareance of every such sume of money; which interest shall not exceede the rate of Five pounds per Centum per Annu for the first Thrfee hundred thousand pounds; Six pounds per Centum per Annu for the second Three hundred thousand pounds ; Seaven pounds per Centum per Annu for the [the1] third Three hundred thousand pounds and Eight pounds per Centum per Annu for the remaineing Three hundred and fifty thousand pounds and shall be payable every Three moneths from the respective dates of the Tallyes of loan untill the satisfaccon of the [respective1] principall sumes and in every such order it shall be expressed and menebned that the principall sume conteined therein and the interest thereof shall be paid or payable out of the said yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds hereby appropriated and appointed to be paid and supplyed out of the Customes Subsidies or other Dutyes as aforesaid; and all and every such order and orders and the moneys therein to be conteined or any parte thereof shall be assigneable and transferrable without power of revocacbn soe as the assignementf thereof be endorsed upon the respective orders and entered or notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer; in a Booke to be there kept for that purpose; And [that1] all and every the sume and sumes of money soe to be lent to His Majestye, upon the Creditt of the said yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds shall be free from all manner of Taxes and Impositions, imposed or to be imposed by Parliament or otherwise howsoever I-

And to the end that all the moneyes hereby appropriated or appointed as aforesaid towards the satisfaccbn of the said sume not exceedeing Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds hereby authorized to be borrowed and the interest thereof may be duely applyed thereunto and not diverted to any other use: Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of [the *|] Auditor of the receipte of Exchequer one Booke and Register in which all the weekely and other paymentf which shall be made into the Exchequer for or upon the said yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds payable out of the said Customes

1 0. omits.

2 interlined on the Roll.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

561

Subsidy es, or other Dutyes as aforesaid shall be entered and registered a parte and seperate from all other moneys

payable into the said receipt and that a distintt register shall be there kepte for all the orders of repayment for

the said sume not exceedeing Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds in which the said orders shall be

registered in course according to the date of the Tallyes respectively without any other pferrence of one before

another And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course; according as theire orders shall stand entered in the said register booke ; soe as a person native or forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his order or orders first entered in the said booke of register shall be taken & accompted the first person to be paid upon the moneyes to come inn by virtue of this AS and he or they who shall have his or theire order or orders next entered shall be taken and accompted to be the second person to be paid, and soe successively and in course; And that the moneyes to come in by the purport [and'] direccbns of this AS of or for the said yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds shall be in the same order lyable to the satisfaction of the respective Lenders theire Executors Administrators and Assignes successively according to the dates of theire Tallyes without any other pferrence of one before another; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use, intent or purpose whatsoever And that noe Fee, Reward or Gratuitye directiy or indirectly be demanded or taken for provideing or makeing of any Bookes Entryes Registers Viewes or Search, in or for payment of money lent upon the said yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds or interest as aforesaid by any of His Majesties Officer or Officers theire Clerkf or Deputyes on paine of payment of Treble Damages to the party [greived1] by the party offending with Costs of Suite, or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his place alsoe; And if any undue pferrence of one before another shall be made either in pointe of registry or payment contrary to the true meaneing of this Act, in referrence to the said yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds or the principall or interest to be paid out of the same by any such Officer or Officers, then the party offending shall be lyable by accbn of debt or on the case to pay the value of the debt damages or costs to the party agrieved and shall be fore-judged from his place or office: And if such pferrence be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke only shall be lyable to such accbn debt damages and costs and shall be for ever after uncapable of his place or office; And in case the Auditor shall not direct the order or the Clerke of the Pellf record or the Teller make payment according to each persons due place and order as afore directed in refcrrence to the said yearely sume of Three hundred thousand pounds or the said principall and interest to be paid out of the same, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit and theire respective Deputyes and Clerkf herein offending to be lyable to such accon debt damages and costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said penalties forfeitures and damages to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any theire Deputyes or Clerkf shall and may be recovered by accbn of debt bill plainte or informacon in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe essoigne proteccbn priviledge wager of lawe injunccbn or order of restrainte shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwaies and be it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loan or orders for repayment of money lent upon the yearely sume before menebned, beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipte to be registered, then it shall be interpretted noe undue pferrence, which of those be entered first soe he enters them all the same day I. Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpretted any undue pference to incurr any penaltic in pointe of the paymentf last menebned if the auditor direct or the Clerke of the Pellf record and the Tellers doe pay subsequent orders of persons that come and demand theire moneyes and bring theire order before other persons that did not come and demand theire money and bring theire order in theire course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie pcedent orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed butt kepte for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kepte in Banke for them

Provided alwaies That any thing in this AS conteined concerneing the said weekely paymentf to be made into the receipte of the Exchequer or otherwise, shall not be construed to obstruct or hinder the payment of debentures for Goods to be reshipt or the Allowances for damaged Goods or the payment of Sallaryes or other incident charges necessary for the management of the revenue of Customes in any manner of wise this AS or any thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and it is hereby enacted That it shall and may be lawlull to and for any person or persons Natives or Foreigners Bodyes Politique or Corporate to advance and lend unto his Majestie upon the Securitye of the aide of Four shillingf in the pound granted to his Majestie by this AS any sume or siimes of money and to have and receive for the forbeareance thereof any sume not exceedeing Five pounds by the hundred for one wholl yeare and noe more directly or indirectly and that noe money soe lent upon the security of this Act shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this AS or any other Act of Parliament whatsoever

And to the end that all such inoneyes which shall be soe lent to his Majestie on the creditt of this Ack may be well and sufficiently secured out of the said [moneyes1] ariseing and payable by this Act Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in his Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receiptf one booke and register in which all moneyes of the said aide of four shillingf in the pound that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other moneyes paid or payable to his Majestie upon any other branch of the Revenue or upon

• or 0.

* aggreived 0.

5 money 0.

7u

No Preference.

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in course. Monies to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for prodding or making Books, &c. or for Payment of Money lent; Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer,

Penalty

, Punishment.

By Deputy, Penalty. Punishment. Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller not making Payment in due Order;

Penalty.

How all such Penalties to be recovered.

LXXVIII.

Proviso where several Tallies bear Date or brought the same Day.

Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

LXXIX.

Proviso for Payment of Debentures for Goods reshipped, and Allowance for damaged Goods, Salaries, and other Incidents.

LXXX Persons may lend Money to their Majesties on this Act, at £§ per Cent, per Ann.

LXXXI.

Repayment of such Monies how secured.

Books provided.

A.D. 1694.

Tally of Loan to Lender and Warrant for Interest.

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in course.

Monies to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for providing or making Books, fcc. or for Payment of Money lent; Penalty. Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer; Penalty. Punishment.

By Deputy ; Penalty. Punishment. Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller not making Payment in due Order

Penalty.

How all such Penalties to be recovered.

LXXXII.

Proviso where several Tallies bear Date or brought the same Day. Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

LXXXIII.

Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

LXXXIV. Receiver General of Customs and other Officers herein mentioned to account on Oath in the Exchequer for Bank Bills, &c.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3.

any other account whatsoever; and that all and every person and persons who shall lend any money to his Majestie upon the creditt of the said aid of four shillingf in the pound granted by this Act and pay the same into the receipt of exchequer shall imediately have a tally of loan struck for the same and an order for his or theire repayment beareing the same date with his or theire tally in which order shall be conteined a warrant for payment of interest for the forbeareance thereof not exceedeing five pounds per Centum per Annu for his or theire consideration to be paid every three months untill repayment of his or theire principall, and that all orders for repayment of moneyes shall be registered in course according to the date of the tally respectively without other pTerrence of one before another and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as theire orders shall stand entered in the said register booke soe as the persons natives or foreigners his or theire executors adiiistrators or assignes who shall have his or theire order or orders first entered in the said booke of register shall be taken and accounted the first person or persons to be paid upon the moneyes to come in by virtue of this Act; and he or they who shall have his or theire order or orders next entered shall be taken and accounted (1) the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course; and that the moneyes of the said aide of four shillingf in the pound to come in by this Act shall be in the same order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective partyes theire executors administrators and assignes respectively and successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever; and that noe fee reward or gratuitye directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any his Majesties subjects for provideing or makeing of any such bookes registers entryes veiwes or search in or for payment of such money lent or the interest thereof as aforesaid by any of his Majesdes Officer or Officers theire [Clerkf *] or Deputyes upon paine of paying treble damages to the party agreived by the party offending with costs of suite, or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such fee or reward then to lose his place alsoe; and if any undue

preferrence of one before another shall be made either in point of registry or payment contrary to the true meaneing

of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be lyable (by accon of debt or on the case) to pay the value of the debt damages and costs to the party agreived and shall be forejudged from his

place or office ; and if such pferrence be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or privity

of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke only shall be lyable to such accon [ debt damage 3 ] and costs and shall be for ever after uncapable of his place or office and in case the Auditor shall not direct the order or the Clerke of the Pellf record or the 'Feller make payment according to each persons due place and order as afore-directed then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit and theire respective Deputyes and Clerkf herein offending to be lyable to such accon debt damages and costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said penalties damages forfeitures and costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any theire Deputyes or Clerkf shall and may be recovered by accon of debt bill plaint or information in any of his Majesties Courts of record att Westminster wherein noe essoigne proteccbn priviledge wager of law injunction or order of restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwaies and be it hereby declared That if it happen that severall tallyes of loan or orders for payment on the said aide of four shillingf in the pound as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the receipte to be registered then it shall be interpretted noe undue pTerrence which of those he entered first soe he enters them all the same day I. Provided alsoe that it shall not be interpretted any undue pferrence to incurre any penalty in point of payment if the Auditor directe and the Clerke of the Pellf record and the Tellers doe pay subsequent orders of persons that come and demand theire moneyes and bring theire orders before other persons that did not come to demand theire [money, and bring theire4] order in theire course soe as there be soe [much4] money reserved as will satisfie jveedent orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kepte for them interest upon loan being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kepte in banke for them *.*

And be it further enacted by the authority [aforesaid4] That every person or persons to whome any money shall be due or payable out of the said aide of four shillingf in the pound by vertue of this Act after order entered in the booke of registery aforesaid for payment thereof his or theire executors administrators or assignes by endorsement of his or theire order may assigne and transferr his or theire right title interest and benefit! of such order or any parte thereof to any other which being notified in the office of the Auditor of the receipte aforesaid and an entry or memoriall thereof alsoe made in the booke of register aforesaid for orders which the [said s] Officers shall upon request without fee or charge accordingly make shall intitle such assignee his and theire executors administrators and assignes to the benefitt thereof and the payment thereon, And such assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterward f it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such assignementf and make voide release or discharge the same or any the moneyes thereby due or any parte thereof I*

And to the end that all. persons that shall have the receipte or payment of his Majesties revenue may render an account of the interest that shall arise by the bills or notes cdmonly called Banke Bills while they shall remaine in theire hands and of all other profitt made by them of any of his Majesties money Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the Twentieth day of February One thousand six hundred ninety and four the Receiver Generali of the Customes and his Deputyes the Casheire of the Excise and his Deputy Receivers

A.D. 169A.

563

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.3, 4.

Generali of all aids granted or to be granted to his Majestic shall account upon oath before the Barons of his Majesties Courte of Exchequer for all interest that shall arise by virtue of Banke Bill? they shall take in payment for any customes aids or other dutyes belonging to his Majestie or of Banke-Bills by them taken for any moneyes (') paid into the Banke of England which moneyes they received for any such customes aid(J or dutyes as aforesaid from the time they received the same Bank-Bill f untill payment made of such moneys into the receipte of his Majesties Exchequer; and that the Tellers of his Majesties Exchequer and theire Deputyes shall in like manner account upon oath for all interest that shall arise by virtue of the Banke Bill? they shall take in payment upon his Majesties account dureing the time they shall remaine in theire hands And the Pay-master of the Army and his Cashiers the Agents to Regimentf Treasurer of the Navy and his Cashiers the Cashiers to the Victuallers and Cashiers to the Ordnance in like manner shall account upon oath for all interest that shall arise by virtue of the Banke BillC they shall take in payment upon his Majesties account or which they shall take upon payment into the Banke of any moneyes by them received for his Majesties service from the time they received the same untill payment be made by them of the moneys for which such Banke Bills are given to the severall persons to whose use the said money was issued by the Lords of his Majesties Treasury or theire acceptance of such Banke BillC in satisfaction of the money due to them And that the said severall persons before mentioned shall pay into the Exchequer for his Majesties use all such interest or other profitt as shall be found upon such theire accounts to have beene received, every such account to be made att the time they make and give in theire accounts touching the receiptf of his Majesties money; and if any of the said persons before mentioned shall neglect to account as aforesaid or to pay into the Exchequer the moneys found due upon such theire account they shall forfeite Five hundred pounds

And that it may the better appeare howr the service in this psent Act appointed for shipps to cruise in proper stations to secure the Merchantf shipps in theire goeing out and returneing home is performed Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Lord High Admiral 1 of England or Comissioners for executeing the office of Lord High Admirall of England for the time being shall and are hereby respectively required to exhibitt to the Cdmons assembled in Parliament at the next session of Parliament which shall happen after the First day of August One thosand six hundred ninety and five a certificate in writeing under his or theire hands respectively of the shipps by him or them respectively sett out in pursuance of the direccons of this psent Act expressing therein the names and rates of the shipps sett out and the times when by him or them respectively ordered as alsoe the stations to which they were directed and the times how long they were continued att sea in that service!*

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the offices of Constable Scavenger and other Parish and Ward

Offices and from serving upon Juries.

WHEREAS the Art of [the1] Apothecary is of great and general use and benefitt by reason of their constant and necessary assistance to his Majesties subjeftf which should oblige them solely to attend the duty of their professions yett by reason that they are compelled to serve several Parish Ward and Leet Offices in the places w'here they live and are frequently summoned to serve on Juries and Enquestf which take upp great part of their time they cannot performe the trusty reposed in them as they ought nor attend the sick with such diligence as is required. And whereas King James the First by his Letters patentf under the Great Seale of England did incorporate the Apothecaries exerciseing that art within London and Seven miles compasse by the name of the Master Wardens and Society of the art and mystery of Apothecaries of the city of London. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That all and every person and persons useing and exerciseing or that hereafter shall use and exercise the art of an Apothecary within the said City of I^ondon and Seven miles thereof being free of the said society and who already have been or hereafter shall bee duely examined of his skill in the said inistery and shall bee approved of for the same and every of them for soe long as hee or they shall use and exercise the said Art and noe longer shall and may att all times hereafter bee freed and exempted from the several offices of Constable Scavenger Overseer of the Poor and all other Parish Ward and Leet Offices and of and from the being putt into or serving upon any Juries or Enquestf and if att any time hereafter any such person or persons useing the said art and being qualified as aforesaid shall bee chosen or elected into any of the said Offices or returned required or appointed to serve in any Jury Leet or Enquest or bee disquieted or disturbed by reason thereof that then such person or persons produceing a testimonial under the common seal of the said Corporation of such his examination approbation and freedom to the person or persons by whom hee shall bee soe elected or appointed or by or before whom hee shall be [soe1] summoned returned or required to serve or hold any of the said offices or duties shall bee absolutely discharged from the same and such nomination election retume and appointment shall bee utterly void and of none effect any order custom law or statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Tellers of the Exchequer, and their Deputies, also to account on Oath. Paymasters, See. to account in like manner;

and all such Officers to pay what on such Account shall be found due from them.

Penalty s€$OO.

LXXXV. Admiralty to exhibit to the House of Commons a Certificate of the Cruisers appointed under this Act, what such Certificate to contain.

Rot. Parl. pt. i. nu. 3.

Recital that Apothecaries are compelled to serve on Juries, &c. and of Letters Patent of Jac. I.

Apothecaries within London and Seven Miles of the City, that are free, exempt from Offices.

Remedy for

Apothecaries who may be chosen.

* O. omits.

564

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.4, 5.

A.D. 1691.

II.

Country Apothecaries, who have served Seven Years, exempted from Offices.

5 Eli-. c. 4.

Apothecaries already chosen not exempted.

And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That all persons useing and exerciseing or that hereafter shall use and exercise the said Art of an Apothecary within any other parts of this Kingdome Dominion of

Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed and who have been brought upp and served or hereafter shall bee brought

upp and serve in the said Art as an Apprentice by the space of Seven yeares according to the Statute of the Fifth of Queen Elizabeth shall likewise from henceforth bee freed and exempted from all and singuler the Offices and Duties aforesaid within the several Counties Cities and Places where they live and inhabitt for soe long as hee or they shall [use and'] exercise the said Art and noe longer and if any person or persons soe qualified shall bee elected or chosen into any of the said Offices or returned to serve in any Jury Leet or Enquest such

nomination election retume and appointment shall bee void unlesse such person or persons shall voluntarily consent

and agree to hold such Office or serve upon such Jury Leet or Enquest. Provided always that nothing herein contained shall bee construed to exempt or excuse any Apothecary that is or shall before the comencement of this Act bee elected or appointed to serve any of the said Offices from serving in the said Offices for the usual time for which hee was soe elected and appointed.

III.

Continuance of Aa.

[Provided always that this Act shall continue for the space of Seven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and noe longer.1]

CHAPTER V.

Rot. Parl. pt. i. An Act for enabling such persons as have Estates for life in Annuities payable by several former Adf therein mencoed to purchase and obtaine further or more certaine interests in such Annuities and in default thereof for admitting other persons to purchase or obtaine the same for raiseing moneys for carrying one the Warr against France.

Recital of 4 & 5 W. & M. c.3.

*8.

and of

5&6W. & M.

C. 20.

§ I I. 12.

*33-

I

WHEREAS in and by an Act of this present Parliament made in a Session which was held in the Fourth and Fifth yeares of the Reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certaine Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act menebed to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the War against France certaine Rates or Duties of Excise upon Beer Ale Vinegar Cyder Perry Brandy and other Liquors or Commodities therein enumerated and mentioned are granted charged and made payable dureing the space and terme of Ninety and nine yeares comencing from the Five and twentieth day of January in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and two which Rates or Duties are thereby appointed to bee levyed collected and paid dureing the said terme of Ninety and nine yeares and to bee brought into the Receipt of Exchequer in such manner and forme and by such rules ways and meanes and under such penalties and forfeitures as in and by the said Act are prescribed mentioned or referred unto And it was thereby enabled that it should and might bee lawfull for any Persons Natives or Foreigners to contribute towards the advanceing the sum of Ten hundred thousand pounds for the purposes therein mentioned by paying into the Receipt of Exchequer such sum or sums of money by such time and upon such termes respectively as in the said Act are particularly mentioned and expressed. And whereas by another Act of this present Parliament made in a Session held in the Fifth and Sixth yeares of the Reigne of King William and Queen Mary entituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tunnage of Ships and Vessells and upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for secureing certaine Recompences and Advantages in the said Act menebed to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of Fiftcene hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the Warr against France diverse Impositions Rates and Duties for and upon the Tunnage of such Ships and Vessells as are therein mentioned are granted and made payable dureing the terme of Foure yeares comencing from the First day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety-foure And it was thereby further enacted that from and after the Seventeenth day of May which should bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety seven there should bee raised levied collected and paid to his Majesty and the late Queen of blessed memory their Heires and Successors for Beer Ale Cyder and other Liquors therein expressed by way of Excise certaine additional Rates and Duties therein particularly expressed and the said Impositions Rates or Duties soe to arise by or upon the Tunnage of Ships or Vessells granted for the terme of Foure yeares as aforesaid and the said additional Rates or Duties of Excise soe granted and made payable for ever by the Ad last mentioned are to bee raised levyed and collected and to bee brought into the Receipt of Exchequer in such manner and forme and by such rules ways and meanes and under such penalties and forfeitures as by the same Act are prescribed And it is thereby further enacted That each weekly or other payment ariseing by and out of the Duties and Impositions granted by the Ad last mentioned should by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer from time to time as the same should bee paid in bee separated and divided into five seventh parts and two seventh parts And it was thereby enacted that it should and might bee lawfull for any Persons Natives or Foreigners to contribute towards the advancing of the sum of Three hundred thousand pounds (part of the sum of Fifteen hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned) by paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer such sum aAd sums of money within such time and upon the several and respective

1 interlined on the Roll.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

5 and 0.

A.D. 1694.

565

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

termes of haveing and receiving certaine Annuities for one two or three lives according to the several rates and proportions as are in the same Act particularly expressed as by the said several Acts of Parliament (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appeare. And whereas by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act which granted certaine Duties of Excise to secure recompences and advantages to the persons that should advance the sum of Tenne hundred thousand pounds as aforesaid and another Act of this present Parliament for supplying the deficiency of the money which was to bee raised by the Act last mencfted and by virtue or in pursuance of the Clauses relateing to the said sum of Three hundred thousand pounds in the said Act imposeing a duty of tunnage upon Ships and additional Rates of Excise as aforesaid diverse Persons as well Natives as Forreigners have actually advanced and contributed and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer several sums of money amounting in the whole to Thirteen hundred thousand pounds upon the several and respective termes in the same Attf mentioned in relation to such contributions and for part thereof (to witt) for the sum of Nine hundred eighty one thousand six hundred and nineteen pounds one shilling and nine pence or thereaboutf soe advanced Lor'] contributed the respective Contributors of the same are or were intituled to have receive and enjoy for and dureing several single lives onely (that is to say) dureing the life of every such Contributor or the Nominee of such Contributors respectively an annuity yea rely rent or payment after the rate of Fourteene pounds of lawfull English money for every hundred pounds soe advanced or contributed payable att the foure most usual Feastf in the yeare by equal portions. And whereas the persons who are or may bee intituled to such Estates for single lives in the said Annuities or some of them are or may bee willing and desirous (for a reasonable price or consideration) to have such their respective Estates for single lives changed or converted into a certaine terme or termes for ninety six yeares to bee computed from the Five and twentieth day of January which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five of and in such or the like Annuities as they have for single lives as aforesaid or that they or such as they shall nominate his her or their Executors Administrators and Assignes

respectively (for the like price or consideration) shall or may bee intituled to have receive and enjoy the like

Annuity from and after the determination of his her or their Estate for a single life as aforesaid for and dureing the residue which shall bee then to come and unexpired of the said terme of Ninety six yeares and in cases where the present Owner of an Annuity for a single life as aforesaid is or may bee unwilling (if any such bee) to purchase a further or more certaine Estate or Interest therein it is likely that some other person or persons is or may bee desirous to bee admitted (though att a rate or consideration something higher) to purchase a future Estate or Interest in such or the like Annuity or Annuities to take effeCfc from and after the determination of the term for the single life in being and to continue for and dureing the residue and remainder of the said terme of Ninety six yeares which shall bee then to come and unexpired. Now for the encouragement of such persons

as shall voluntarily contribute or advance att the respective rates herein after mentioned any moneys into the

Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer for such further or more certaine Estates or Interests as aforesaid and for y® better supplying of moneys (with as much ease and att as little charge as may bee) for the carrying on the Warr against the French King Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Eordf Spiritual and Temporal and the Coraons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same that it shall and may bee lawfull to and for any Person or Persons Natives or Forreigners being (as original Contributors or by mesne assignmentf or by other lawfull wap and means) intituled to any Estate for one life (his own or the life of any other person) of or in any Annuity purchased or obtained upon the ACtf aforesaid or any of them att the said rates of One hundred pounds for every Foureteen pounds per Annum att any time before the Foure and twentieth day of July One thousand six hundred ninety five to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer soe much money as every or any such Annuity being computed for Foure yeares and an halfe doth or shall amount to (that is to say) every such person shall or may pay to his Majesties use for every hundred pounds that was paid for the single life in an Annuity of Fourteen pounds per Annum the sum of Sixty three pounds more for changeing or converting the same into a certaine terme for the said Ninety six yeares or for a further interest to take effeCl after the Estate for life as aforesaid and in the same proportion for higher or larger Annuities and every such person on such payment made shall imediately have one or more Tallie or Tallies importing the Receipt of the consideration money soe paid and upon every [such *] Talley there shall be written proper words purporting (att the election of the Contributor or of the person by him authorized to pay in his money) that such payment is made either in consideration of changeing and converting such his Annuity for life into a certaine and absolute Estate or terme for the said Ninety six yeares or else in consideration of a like Annuity to bee payable to him or them or such as hee or they shall nominate his her or their Executors Administrators and Assignes from the determination of such Estate for life dureing the then residue of the said Ninety six yeares and that by or upon the makeing every such payment as aforesaid in every case where the Talley shall import the changing or converdng the Estate for life into a terme of Ninety six yeares the person or persons so contributing the said consideration money or the person or persons to bee nominated as aforesaid his her or their Executors Administrators and Assignes shall bee intituled to have receive and enjoy and shall have receive and enjoy and shall have a good sure and absolute Estate and Interest of and in an Annuity yearely rent or payment (equal by the yeare to the Annuity which hee she or they had before for one life) for and dureing the said whole terme of Ninety six yeares to bee paid and payable out of some of the Fundf in the said Actf menebed (that is to say) out of such of them respectively as the Annuity for life was by the said Act charged upon and to bee paid att the foure most usual Feastf in the yeare by equal portions as the Annuities by the said former Aclf are payable and in all such cases the said

And that under the said Act, and of 5 & 6W. & M. c. 5. divers Persons had advanced Monies amounting to 1,300,000, and were entitled to receive Annuities for Lives.

And that Persons may be willing to change their Terms for Life into 96 Years.

Any Person having ^14 per Cent, for Life upon the former Acts may turn it into an Estate of 96 Years for £63 more;

and such Persons to have Tallies.

What such Tallies to contain.

And in case the Tally import a present Interest, the Persons so contributing or the Nominee to have a good Estate in such Annuity as herein mentioned.

7 E

1 and O.

9 interlined on the Roll,

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.5.

So where the Tallies import a future Interest.

II.

Person having an Estate for Lite, not talcing Advantage before July, any other paying £70 shall have a Term of 96 Years charged with the present Estate for Life;

and to have a Tally as herein mentioned;

and have a good Estate in such Annuity, subject to the Estate for Life.

in.

Order in the Exchequer for Payment, and Appropriation of the Duties given by the former Acts to Payment of this new Advance; such Orders assignable as by the said former Act of Excise;

and under the like Penalties, be.

Such Penalties to be sued for as by the said last mentioned Act.

present estates for Life shall bee understood to bee merged or extinguished in the said terme of yeares and that in every case where the said Tallies shall import the consideration money to bee paid for a future interest to take effect either in the person that contributes the same or in any others to bee nominated as aforesaid the person or persons soe contributeing the said consideration money or so to bee nominated his her or their executors administrators and assignes shall presently have a good sure and absolute estate vested in him her or them by this Act and which shall take effect (as a future interest) after the determinacon of the estate for Life and continue and endure dureing soe long time as shall bee then to come and unexpired of and in the said terme of Ninety six yeares and in the cases last mentioned it is to bee understood that the present estate for life is continued.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any person or persons being intituled to any estate for one Life in being in any such present Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid shall not before the said Foure and twentieth day of July One thousand six hundred ninety five advance and pay into the receipt of the Exchequer such rate or consideration money as is before mentioned for changeing such his her or their estate for life into a terme certaine or for a future interest as aforesaid that then and in every such case it shall and may bee lawfull to and for any person or persons whatsoever Natives or Foreigners (haveing or not haveing any property or interest in such estate for life) att any time or times after the said Foure and twentieth day of July and on or before the Twelfth day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five to contribute advance and pay into the said receipt of the Exchequer soe much money as any such annuity being computed for Five yeares doth or shall amount to (that is to say) For every hundred pounds that was paid for the single Life in an annuity of Foureteen pounds a yeare there shall bee paid in all the cases last mencoed the sum of Seventy pounds for the said terme of Ninety six yeares (to commence and bee reckoned as aforesaid and to bee charged

with and subject to the present estate for Life) of and in the same or the like annuity and there shall bee paid

a rate or consideration in the same proportion for annuities exceeding fourteen pounds a yeare and every such person on such payment made shall immediately have a Talley or Tallies importing the receipt of the consideration money soe paid and upon every such Talley proper words shall bee written signifying that such payment is made

in consideracdn that such Contributor or Contributors or such person or persons as shall bee named by him her

or them or by such as hee she or they shall authorize to pay in the money his her or their executors administrators and assignes are to have and enjoy the said termes of ninety six yeares in such annuity charged with and subject neverthelesse to the said particular estate for Life then in being and that by or upon the makeing of every such payment after the rate of Seventy pounds per centum the person or persons soe contributing or advanceing the consideration money or the person or persons to bee nominated as aforesaid his her or their Executors Administrators and Assignes shall have a good estate or interest in every or any such annuity so to bee purchased or paid for dureing the said terme of Ninety six [yares1] (subject neverthelesse to the said particular estate for Life in being) and after the determination of such particular estate for Life shall have receive and enjoy and bee intituled to have receive and enjoy such annuity or yearely rent or payment soe purchased or paid for dureing all the rest and residue which shall bee then to come and unexpired of and in the said terme of Ninety six yeares to bee paid and payable out of such of the said Fundf as the annuity for Life was first charged upon or payable out off and to bee [paid2] att the Foure most usual Feastf in the yeare by equal portions as aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that immediately after the levying and strikeing of the several and respective Tallies before mentioned Orders (according to the forme and course of the Exchequer in Parchment or Velom) shall bee drawne and signed for makeing the paymentf which by this Act are to bee made and according as by this they are appointed to bee made upon the several and respective annuities so to bee purchased or obtained in pursuance hereof which orders shall not bee determinable revocable or countermandable and the monies payable by such orders or any of them or any part thereof shall bee assignable and transferrable in such and the same manner and forme as are enacted prescribed or appointed in and by the abovesaid Act which granted Duties of Excise to secure recompences and advantages to such as should advance the sum of Tenne hundred thousand pounds for or concerning the orders which were to bee given to the Contributors upon that Act and soe much of the several rates and duties of Excise and of the said imposition ariseing by the Tunnage of Ships and Vessells granted by the several Aftf above mentioned as is and shall bee sufficient to pay and satisfie the several sums of money which shall from time to time grow due and bee payable upon the said several annuities to bee purchased and obtained in pursuance of this Act and which shall [bee respectively3] charged upon the rates duties or [impositions4] aforesaid is and shall bee appropriated and applied and the same is hereby appropriated to and for the payment of the said several annuities to bee purchased and obtained in pursuance of this Act according as the same shall become due by the purport and true meaning thereof and shall not bee diverted or divertable to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever under the like penalties forfeitures and disabilities in respect to all and every the Officers and other persons that are or ought to bee concerned in the paymentf thereof as are appointed and enacted (in case of diverting or misapplying or not paying) in and by the said Act which granted duties of Excise to secure recompences and advantages to such as should advance the sum of Tenne hundred thousand pounds and every article rule and clause in the said last mentioned Act [cotained5] as for and concerning any penalties forfeitures and disabilities upon any Officers or others for misapplying or diverting any of the duties or sums of money thereby granted shall bee of full force and effect to all intentf and purposes dureing the continuance of the said terme of Ninety six yeares and the said penalties and forfeitures shall bee sued for prosecuted recovered paid in such manner and forme as the penalties in the Act last mentioned are appointed

2 interlined on the Roll.

■' respectively be O.

4 Imposition 0.

contcyned 0.

4.DA694.

567

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 5.

to bee sued for prosecuted recovered or paid in which suit noe Protection Priveledge of Parliament or other Priveledge Wager of Law or any more then one imparlance shall bee allowed And the said Officers are hereby required to keep books and registers and to make entries of the names of all persons who shall advance moneys on this Act and of [all'] persons to bee nominated as aforesaid and of the several sums soe advanced and the times of paying in the same respectively and of the nature of each payment to bee made in pursuance of this Act: to which all persons concerned shall have accesse all which the said officers for the dine being shall doe or perforate without fee or reward under the like penalties forfeitures and disabilities as in the like cases are appointed to bee inflicted by the Act last mentioned.

And bee it further enacted That any moneys payable to any person or persons upon or by virtue of this Act for annuities to bee purchased or obtained as aforesaid shall not bee charged or chargeable to or with any Taxes or publick rates duties or impositions whatsoever.

And bee it further enacted That it shall and may bee lawfull for any Guardian or Trustee haveing the disposeal of the money of any infant under the age of Twenty one yeares for the use and benefitt of such infant to advance and pay any sum not exceeding Seventy pound f of the moneys of such infant upon any the termes in this Act mentioned and such infant upon payment of the same shall become a Contributor within the meaning of this Act and bee intituled to the anuity for which such sum shall bee soe paid and the said Guardian or Trustee as to the sum soe advanced is hereby discharged.

And bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall fraudulently contribute any sum or sums of money upon this Act under colour or pretence of having an estate for a single life changed or converted into a terme certaine as aforesaid or under colour or pretence of purchaseing or obtaineing an interest

to take effect (in point of payment) after a single life supposed to bee in being when in truth and reallity the

particular estate for such single life (att the time of the paying the consideration money soe to bee contributed or advanced) shall bee adiially determined by death of the nominee or person dureing whose Life such particular estate was to continue that then and in every such case the consideration money or sum soe to bee advanced or contributed shall bee forfeited and lost to his Majesty and noe estate interest or terme for or in respect of the same shall by this Act arise or bee vested either in such Contributor or in any person to bee nominated for him her or them as aforesaid or in his her or their executors administrators or assignes and such Contributor for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds one moiety thereof to his Majesty and the other moiety to

him or them that shall discover such offence and sue for the said sum by action of debt bill suit or informaeftn

as aforesaid any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always and it is hereby enacted That when as any the said particular estates for single lives shall bee changed into certaine termes of yeares and bee thereby merged or extinguished according to the true meaning of this Act as aforesaid the orders which were made and signed pursuant to the said former Adf for the annuities payable dureing such single lives shall bee brought into the receipt of the Exchequer and there remaine as vouchers for the paymentf already made without makeing any further issues or paymentf thereupon for any time beyond the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord which shall bee in the yeare one thousand six hundred ninety five from which feast day the issues or payment^ of the respective annuities hereby appointed to bee paid shall bee made upon the said orders which are to bee drawne and signed in pursuance of this Act and in all cases where the said annuities or any of them are by this Act to bee paid to the contributor or such as hee shall nominate his executors administrators or assignes for a terme of yeares without depending upon a life it shall not bee necessary or requisite for him or them in order to obtaine his or their payment^ thereof to produce a certificate signed by any Minister or Churchwardens or to make any other proof of a nominees being alive any thing in this or the said former Adf or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That out of the money that shall bee levyed or paid by virtue of this Act into the receipt of [their Majesties*] Exchequer as well upon loans as otherwise one

moiety thereof shall bee and is hereby appropriated for the services of the navy and ordnance for sea service

performed and to bee performed and that all other money which shall bee levied and paid by virtue of this Act into the receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loans as otherwise shall bee applied and appropriated and is hereby appropriated to and for the payment of his Majesties land-forces and armies and the paying for armes ammunition and other charges incident to the warr and not otherwise.

And for the more effectual doeing thereof and that the sums by this Act appropriated may not bee diverted

or applied to any other purpose then is hereby declared and intended Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid 'Fhat the rules and directions appointed and enacted in one Ad made in the first yeare of his Majesties reigne entituled An Act for a grant to theire Majesties of an aid of two shillingf in the pound for one yeare for the speedy payment of money thereby granted into the receipt of the Exchequer by the Collectors and Receivers and for distribution and application thereof and keeping distinct accounts of the same and all other provisions [penalties pains1] and forfeitures thereby enacted in case of diversion of any money thereby appropriated are hereby revived and enacted to bee in force and shall bee pradised applied executed and putt in ure for and concerning the distribution and application of the said sums hereby appropriated as fully amply and effectually as if the same were here particularly repeated and reenacted.

Officers to keep Books, See.

Access thereto without Fee. Penalty.

IV.

Monies by this Act advanced Tax-free.

V.

Guardian may advance for Infants.

VI.

Fraudulently advancing Money, Nominee being dead, Consideration Money forfeited.

Penalty ^ioo.

VTL

Manner of Orders upon the aforesaid change.

Certificate of Nominee being alive in what case not necessary.

VIII.

Appropriation of Money advanced.

IX.

Rules for Payment,

Appropriation, Sec.

i W. & M. Sess. 2. c. I.

* the 0.

» pains, penalties, O.

A.D. 1694:.

X.

Clause of I,oan if ,s£618,410. os. 6d. be not advanced before ist August 1695-

XI.

Monies raised under this Act liable to Repayment of Monies advanced, with Interest at £$ per Cent.

if deficient .next A id liable; and if no Aid before 20th Feb. then Money in the Exchequer.

Rot. Parl. pt. 7.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Duties upon Burials for Five Years.

Duty on Burials of of all Persons ; and further, on the Burial of a Duke.

Ductless.

Marquess and Marchioness.

Earl and Countess.

Viscount and Viscountess.

Baron and Baroness.

Eldest Son of a Duke, or his Wife.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 5,6.

And bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if the whole sum of six hundred eighteenc thousand foure hundred and twenty pounds and sixpence bee not advanced and paid into the Exchequer upon this Act before the first day of August One thousand six hundred ninety and five that then it shall and may be lawfull for his Majesty or his Officers in the receipt of his Majesties Exchequer by his command and appointment to borrow and take into the said receipt for his Majesties use by way of loane any sum or sums of money which together with the whole value or amount of all the sums of money which shall before the said first day of August bee contributed or adventured as aforesaid shall not exceed the sum of six hundred eighteen thousand foure hundred and twenty pounds and six pence which sum or sums soe taken upp by way of loan shall and may bee charged upon the creditt of his Majesties Exchequer in general and tallies of loan and orders of repayment of the same shall bee levyed and drawne accordingly which said orders shall bee assigneable and transferable from one person to another.

And it is hereby enacted that all and every sum and sums of money soe to bee borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid together with interest for the same not exceeding the rate of five pounds per Centum per Annum to bee paid every three months until satisfaction of the principal shall bee payable and satisfied unto the respective lender or lenders of the same his her or their executors administrators or assignes out of the moneys which shall afterwards arise and bee brought into the Exchequer by or for contributions or consideration moneys upon this Act soe farr as the same will extend and in case the money soe ariseing by this Act shall not bee sufficient for the paying thereof then the said Loans which shall remaine unsatisfied and the interest of the same shall bee paid & satisfied out of the next aids or supplies to bee granted to his Majesty in Parliament and shall bee transferred and transferable thereunto as soon as any such aid or supply shall bee granted to his Majesty and if noe such aids or supplies shall bee granted to his Majesty before the twentieth day of February which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and five then the said sum and sums of money soe to bee borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid and the interest thereof shall bee payable and bee paid and satisfied to the said lender or lenders his her or their executors administrators or assignes respectively by and out of any of his Majesties treasure which from thenceforth shall come into bee or remaine in the receipt of his Majesties Exchequer not being already appropriated to any particular uses by any Act or A&f of Parliament before this time made.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certaine rates and duties upon Marriages Births and Burial f and upon Batchelors and Widowers for the terme of Five yeares for carrying on the Warr against France with Vigour.

WEE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled from a deep sence of the many great occasions which engage your Majesty in many extraordinary expences for the necessary defence of your Realmes and the prosecution of a Warr against France with Vigour have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted unto your Majestie as an additional supply and aid the rates duties impositions and sums of money herein after mentioned And wee most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may bee enacted, and bee it enabled by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the first day of May in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety [[and1] five for and dureing the terme of five yeares to commence and bee accounted from the said first day of May and noe longer there shall be raised levied and paid to his Majesty his heires and successors (over and above all other duties whatsoever) for and upon the burial of all persons who shall bee buried within the said terme of five yeares att any place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed the several and respective duties and sums of money herein after mentioned (that is to say.)

For and upon the burial of every person the sum of Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every' person of the degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland the sum of Fifty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every Dutchesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the like sum of Fifty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the degree of a Marquesse or Marchionesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Forty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the degree of an Earle or Countesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Thirty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon die burial of every person of the degree of a Viscount or Viscountesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Five and twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the degree of a Baron or Baronessc of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every eldest son of a Duke of any of the said Ihrec Kingdomes or his wife the sum of I hirty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

569

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 6.

And for and upon the burial of every younger son of a Duke of any of the said Three Kingdoines or his wife the sum of Five and twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every eldest son of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes or his wife the sum of Five and twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every younger [son1] of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes or his wife the sum of Twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every eldest son of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes or his wife the sum of Twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every younger son of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes or his wife the sum of Fifteen pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of ever)' eldest son of a Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdomes or his wife the sum of Seventeen pounds [and'] Tenne shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every younger son of a Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdomes or his wife the sum of Thirteen pounds six shillingf and eight pence over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every eldest son of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes or his wife the sum of Fifteene pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every younger [sonn1] of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes or his wife the sum of Twelve pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every unmarried daughter of a Duke of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Five and twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every unmarried daughter of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every unmarried daughter of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Fifteene pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every unmarried daughter of [a1] Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Thirteen pounds six shillingf and eight pence over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every unmarried daughter of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Twelve pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of a Duke of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Fifty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Forty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Thirty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of a Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Five and twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for for and upon the burial of every widdow of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the degree of a Baronett of any of the said Three Kingdomes or of Nova Scotia or his wife the sum of Fifteene pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath or his wife the sum of Fifteene pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person who is a Knight Batchelor or his wife the sum of Tenne pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every Serjeant att Law being the Kings Serjeant the sum of Twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of the wife of every Kings Serjeant the sum of Tenne pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every other Serjeant att Law the sum of Fifteen pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every such other Serjeantf wife the sum of Seven pounds and Tenne shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the degree of an Esquire or soe reputed or owneing or writeing himselfe such or his wife the sum of Five pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every Gentleman or reputed Gentleman or owneing or writeing himselfe such or his wife the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every younger child of Barronettf Knightf of the Bath Knightf Batchelors Serjeantf att law Esquires or Gentlemen or reputed Esquires or Gentlemen or owneing or writeing themselves such and their wives the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of a Baronett the sum of Fifteen pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of every Knight of the Bath the sum of Fifteene pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

1 interlined on the Roll.

7 F

Younger Son of a Duke, or his Wife.

Eldest Son of a Marquis, or his Wife.

Younger Son of a Marquis, or his Wife.

Eldest Son of an Earl, or his Wife.

Younger Son of an Earl, or his Wife.

Eldest Son of a Viscount, or his Wife.

Younger Son of a Viscount, or his Wife.

Eldest Son of a Baron, or his Wife.

Younger Son of a Baron, or lus Wife.

Unmarried Daughter of a Duke; of a Marquis

of an Earl

of a Viscount;

of a Baron.

Widow of a Duke;

of a Marquis

of an Earl;

of a Viscount;

of a Baron.

On the Burial of a Baronet, or his Wife.

Knight of the Bath, or his Wife.

Knight Bachelor, or his Wife.

King's Sergeant.

Wife of King's Sergeant.

Sergeant at Law.

Wife of a Sergeant.

An Esquire, or his Wife.

A Gentleman, or his Wife.

Younger Children of Baronets, &c. and their Wives.

Widow, of a Baronet;

of a Knight of the Bath;

570

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 6.

A.D. 1694.

Widow of a Knight Bachelor ; of the King's Sergeant

of a Sergeant at Law

of an Esquire;

of a Gentleman

on the Burial of an Archbishop,

or his Wife or Widow;

of a Bishop,

or his Wife or Widow;

of a Dean,

or his Wife or Widow

of an Archdeacon,

or his Wife or Widow;

of a Canon or Prebendary,

or his Wife or Widow;

of a Doctor of Divinity, &c.

or Wife or Widow;

of Sons and Daughters of Archbishops, See.

of Persons having a Real Estate of X50 per Annum, or Personal Estate of §£600 and upwards; or their Wives, Widows, or Children.

n.

The said Duties payable by Heirs, &c. before any other Debts;

levied by Distress.

By whom Duties on Burial of Infants, paid

on the Burial of Wives.

in.

Duties on Births for Five Years.

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of a Knight Batchelor the sum of Tenne pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of every Serjeant att Law being the King? Serjeant the sum of Tenne pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of every other Serjeant att law the sum of Seven pounds and Tenne shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of an Esquire or reputed Esq* or soe owneing or writeing

himselfe as such the sum of Five pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every widdow of every Gentleman or reputed Gentleman or soe owneing or

writeing himselfe as such the sum Twenty shillingf over and above the the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the order and degree of an Arch-Bishopp the sum of Fifty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every Arch-Bishopps wife or widdow the sum of Tenne pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the degree and order of a Bishopp the sum of Twenty pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every wife or widdow of every Bishopp the sum of Five pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the degree of a Deane of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church the sum of Tenne pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every wife or widdow of every Dean the sum of Two pounds tenne shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the degree of an Arch-Deacon the sum of Two pounds tenne shillings over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of the wife or widdow of every Arch-Deacon the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person of the degree of a Canon or Prebendary of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church the sum of Two pounds tenne shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of the wife or widdow of every Canon or Prebendary the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every Person of the degree of a Doctor of Divinity Law or Physick the sum of Five pounds over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of the wife or widdow of every such Doctor of Divinity Law or Physick the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every son or daughter of an Arch-Bishopp [Bishopp1] Deane Arch Deacon Canon Prebendary Doctor of Divinity Lawr or Physick the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And for and upon the burial of every person haveing a real estate of the value of Fifty pounds per annum or upwardf or a personal estate of the value of Six hundred pounds or upwardf and not otherwise hereby charged under any of the ranks orders qualifications or degrees herein before mentioned the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf And for and upon the burial of the wife or widdow child or children of every such person haveing such real or personal estate as aforesaid the sum of Tenne shillingf over and above the said Foure shillingf

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the several and respective duties and sums of money granted as aforesaid upon the burialf of the several persons before mentioned as the same shall severally become due and payable shall bee answered and paid to his Majesty his Heires and Successors for the aforesaid terme of Five yeares by the respective heires executors or administrators of every such person soe buried as aforesaid before any other debts or duties whatsoever And in default of payment thereof to the Collectors of the said duty upon demand the same shall bee charged upon and levied by distresse upon the lands tenementf and hereditamentf or the goods and chattels of the persons soe buried in such manner as herein after is directed and the respective duties hereby charged upon the burial of any person who shall att the time of his or her death be under the age of One and twenty yeares shall bee answered and paid by the father of such person (if liveing att the time of the death of such person under age) and if the father bee then dead by the mother if she bee then liveing or otherwise by the Guardian Trustee Executor or Administrator of such person and the duty charged upon the burial of any wife shall bee paid by the husband of such wife.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said First day of May for and dureing the terme of Five yeares and noe longer there shall bee raised levied and paid to his Majesty his Heires and Successors for and upon the birth of every person (except as herein after is excepted) who shall bee borne within the said terme of Five yeares att any place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or lowiie of Berwick upon Tweed the several and respective duties and sums of money herein after mentioned (that is to say.)

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.G.

571

For and upon the birth of every person and child (except the child or children of such as receive Alms) the sum of Two shilling

• And for and upon the birth of every eldest son of every person of the degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland or of his wife by any other husband after his death the sum of Thirty pounds over and above the said Two shillingf And for and upon the birth of every other son or daughter of such Duke or his wife by ary other husband after his death the sum of Five and twenty pounds over and above the said Two shillingf And for and upon the birth of every eldest son of every person of the degree of a Marquesse of any of the

said Three Kingdomes or of his wife by any other husband after his death the sum of Five and twenty pounds

over and above the said Two shillingf

And for and upon the birth of every [other1] son or daughter of such Marquesse or of his wife by any other husband after his death the sum of Twenty pounds over and above the said* Two shillingf

And for and upon the birth of every eldest son of every person of the degree of an Earle of any of the said

Three Kingdomes or of his wife by any other husband after his death the sum of Twenty pounds over & above

the said Two shillingf And for and upon the birth of every other son or daughter of such Earle or of his wife by any other husband after his death the sum of Fifteene pounds over and above the said Two shillingf And for and upon the birth of the eldest son of every person of the degree of a Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdomes or of his wife by any other husband after his death the sum of Seventeen pounds Tenne

shillingf over and above the said Two shillingf And for and upon the birth of every other son or daughter of

such Viscount or of his wife by any other husband after his death the sum of Thirteen pounds six shillingf and eight pence over and above the said Two shillingf

And for and upon the birth of every eldest son of every person of the degree of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes or of his wife by any other husband after his death the sum of Fifteen pounds over and above the said Two shillingf And for and upon the birth of every other son or daughter of such Baron or of his wife by any other husband after his death the sum of Twelve pounds over and above the said Two shillingf

And for and upon the birth of every eldest son of every person of the degree of a Barronett Knight of the

Order of the Bath or Knight Batchelor the sum of Five pounds over and above the said Two shillingf

And for and upon the birth of every eldest son of a Serjeant att Law Esquire or Gentleman the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Two shillingf

And for and upon the birth of every younger son or daughter of Baronettf Knightf of the Bath Knightf Batchelors Serjeantf att Law Esquires or Gentlemen or soe reputed or owneing or writeing themselves as such the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Two shillingf

And for and upon the birth of every son or daughter of an Arch-Bishopp Bishopp Deane Arch-Deacon Canon Prebendary Doctor of Divinity Law or Physick the sum of Twenty shillingf over and above the said Two shillingf

And for and upon the birth of every son or daughter of every person haveing a real Estate of the value of Fifty pounds per Annum or upwardf or a personal Estate of the value of Six hundred pounds or upwardf and not hereby otherwise charged under any of the Ranks Orders Qualifications or Degrees herein before mentioned the sum of Tenne shillingf over and above the said Two shillingf.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said several and respective sums of money soe imposed as aforesaid for and upon the birth or births of any child or children within the Kingdom or the Dominion or Towne aforesaid shall bee charged upon and answered and paid unto his Majesty his Heires and Successors for the aforesaid terme of Five yeares by the father if liveing att the time of the birth of any such child or children and if hee shall bee dead att the time of such birth by the mother of such child or children soe borne And in case of the death of such father and mother att the time of the birth by such person or persons who shall take upon him her or them the guardianshipp or care of such child or children soe borne to bee reimbursed again in the first place out of the real or personal Estate of such child or children soe borne (if any) to bee levyed in such manner as is herein after directed.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the said First day of May for and

dureing the said terme of Five yeares there shall bee raised levyed and paid to his Majesty his Heires and Successors

for and upon every marriage of any persons (except as herein after is excepted) who shall bee married within the said terme of Five yeares and noe longer att any place withing the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed the several and respective duties and sums of money herein after mentioned (that is to say)

For and upon the respective marriage of every person (except such as receive Alms) the sum of Two shillingf and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland the

sum of Fifty pounds over and above the said Two shillingf and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Fourty pounds over and above the said Two shillingf and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Thirty pounds over and above the said Two shillingf and six pence

Duty on Births of all Persons, (Exception), and further on the Birth of Eldest Son of a Duke; and ever)' other Child, See. by any other Husband; the Eldest Sod of a Marquis, &c.;

and every other Child, &c.;

of the Eldest Son of an Earl;

and every other Child, ice.;

of the Eldest Son of a Viscount;

and every other Child, &c.;

of the Eldest Son of a Baron;

and every other Child, &c.;

the Eldest Son of a Baronet, he.;

of the Eldest Son of a Sergeant, &c.

of Younger Children of Baronets, &c.;

of Children of Archbishops, &c.;

of Children of Persons of Real Estate of ^50 per Annum, and Personal Estate of s€6oo and upwards.

IV.

The above Duties answered

by the Father; the Mother;

or the Guardian.

V.

Duties on Marriages for Five Years.

Duty on Marriages of all Persons, (Exception), and further on the Marriage of a Duke

of a Marquis;

of an Earl;

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.6.

A.D.\69A.

of a Viscount;

of a Baron

of the eldest Son of a Duke

of the younger Son of a Duke;

of the eldest Son of a Marquis;

of the younger Son of a Marquis;

of the eldest Son of an Earl;

of the younger Son of an Earl;

of the eldest Son of a Viscount

of the younger Son of a Viscount;

of the eldest Son of a Baron;

of the younger Son of a Baron;

of a Baronet;

of a Knight of the Bath;

of a Knight Bachelor;

of the King's Sergeant at Law

of every other Serjeant;

of an Esquire;

of a Gentleman

of the younger Son of a Baronet, &c.;

of an Archbishop;

of a Bishop

of a Dean;

of an Archdeacon;

of a Canon or Prebendary

of a Doctor of Divinity, Law, or Physick; of Sons of Archbishops, See.;

of every Person having a Real Estate of ^50 per Ann. or a Personal Estate of .st'fooand upwards;

of the Son of every such Person.

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of a Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Five and twenty pounds over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes

the sum of Twenty pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every eldest son of a Duke of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Thirty pound? over and above the said Two shilling? six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every younger son of such Duke the sum of Five and twenty pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every eldest son of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Five and twenty pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every younger son of such Marquesse the sum of Twenty pound? over and

above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every eldest son of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Twenty pound? over and above the said Two shilling? [and1] six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every younger son of such Earle the sum of Fifteene pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every eldest son of a Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Seventeene pound? and tenne shilling? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every younger son of such Viscount the sum of Thirteen pound? six shilling? and eight pence over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every eldest son of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes the sum of Fifteene pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every younger son of such Baron the sum of Twelve pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of a Baronett of any of the said Three Kingdomes or of Nova Scotia the sum of Fifteene pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath the sum of Fifteene pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person that is a Knight Batchelor the sum of Tenne pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every Serjeant att Law being the King? Serjeant the sum of Twenty pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every other Serjeant att Law the sum of Fifteene pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every Esquire or reputed Esquire or owneing or writeing himselfe to bee such the sum of Five pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every Gentleman or reputed Gentleman or owning or writeing himselfe to bee such the sum of Twenty shilling? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every younger son of a Baronett Knight of the Bath Knight Batchelor Serjeant att Law Esquire or Gentleman or reputed Esquire or Gentleman or writing or owneing themselves as such the sum of Twenty shilling? over and above the said Two sliilling? and sixpence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of an Arch-bishopp the sum of Fifty pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and sixpence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of a Bishopp the sum of Twenty pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of a Deane of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church the sum of Tenne pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of an Arch-Deacon the sum of Two pound? and Tenne shilling? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of a Canon or Prebendary of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church the sum of Two pound? and Tenne shilling? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person of the degree of a Dottor of Divinity Law or Physick the sum of Five pound? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every son of an Arch-Bishopp Bishopp Deane Arch-Deacon Canon Prebendary Doctor of Divinity Law or Physick the sum of Twenty shilling? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every person having a real estate of the value of Fifty pound? per annum or upward? or a personal estate of the value of Six hundred pound? or upward? and not otherwise hereby charged [und ] the several dignities rank? orders qualifications or degrees herein before mentioned the sum of Twenty shilling? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence

And for and upon the marriage of every son of every such person or persons haveing such real or personal estate as aforesaid the sum of Tenne shilling? over and above the said Two shilling? and six pence.

6° & 7° G U L. & M A R. c. 6.

573

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the several and respective duties and sums of money soe to bee raised and paid by marriages as aforesaid as the same shall severally become due and payable shall bee charged upon and answered and paid to his Majesty his heires and successors for the aforesaid terme of Five yeares by the husband upon demand.

And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That every person inhabiting and residing or which shall inhabitt and reside in the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed being a Batchelor above the age of Five and twenty yeares (except such as receive Alms) shall from and after the said First day of May dureing the said terme of Five yeares or soe long time thereof as hee shall continue a Batchelor and noe longer pay to his Majestie his Heires and Successors the sum of One shilling yearely.

And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That every person inhabiting and resideing [in '] or which shall inhabitt and reside in the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed being a Widdower and haveing noe Child or Children (except such as receive Aimes) shall from and after the said First day of May dureing the said terme of Five yeares or soe long time thereof as hee shall continue a Widdower and noe longer pay unto his Majesty his Heires and Successors the sum of One shilling yearely.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said First day of May all and every person and persons of the several orders ranks degrees and qualifications herein after mentioned inhabiting and residing or which shall happen to inhabit and reside in the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed being Batchelors above the age of Five and twenty yeares or Widdowers without any Child or Children shall pay to his Majesty his Heires and Successors yearely dureing the said terme of Five years or for soe long time thereof as they shall continue unmarried and noe longer the several and respective duties and sums of money hereinafter menebed over and above the said yearely sum of One shilling (that is to say.)

Every person of the degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland the yearely sum of Twelve pounds and Tenne shillingf

And every person of the degree of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the yearely sum of Tenn pounds

Every person of the degree of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes the yearely sum of Seven pounds and Ten shillingf

Every person of the degree of a Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdomes the yearely sum of Six pounds and Five shillingf

Every person of the degree of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes the yearely sum of Five pounds Every eldest son of a Duke of any of the said Three Kingdomes the yearely sum of Seven pounds and Ten shillingf

Every younger son of such Duke the yearely sum of Six pounds and Five shillingf

Every eldest son of a Marquesse of any of the said Three Kingdomes the yearely sum of Six pounds and Five shillingf

Every younger son of such Marquesse the yearely sum of Five pounds

Every eldest son of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes the yearely sum of Five pounds Every younger son of such Earle the yearely sum of Three pounds and fifteen shillingf Every eldest son of a Viscount of any of the said Three Kingdomes the yearely sum of Foure pounds seven shillingf and six pence

Every younger son of such Viscount the yearely sum of Three pounds six shillingf and eight pence Every eldest son of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdomes the yearely sum of Three pounds fifteen shillingf

Every younger son of such Baron the yearely sum of Three pounds

Every person of the degree of a Baronett of any of the said Three Kingdomes or of Nova Scotia the yearely sum of Three pounds and fifteene shillingf

Every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath the yearely sum of Three pounds [and*] fifteene shillingf

Every person who is a Knight Batchelor the yearely sum of Two pounds ten shillingf Every Serjeant att Law being the Kings Serjeant the yearely sum of Five pounds Every other Serjeant att Law the yearely sum of Three pounds fifteene shillingf

Every Esquire or reputed Esquire or owning or writing himselfe to bee such the yearely sum of One pound five shillingf

Every Gentleman or reputed Gentleman or soe owning or writeing himselfe to bee such the yearely sum of Five shillingf

Every person of the degree of an Arch-Bishopp the yearely sum of Twelve pounds and ten shillingf Every person of the degree of a Bishopp the yearely sum of Five pounds

Every person of the degree of a Deane of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church the yearely sum of Two pounds and ten shillingf

VL

The said Duties to be paid by the Husband.

VII. Duties on Bachelors above 25 Years (Exception), for Five Years.

VIII.

Duty on Widowers having no Child (Exception), for Five Years.

IX.

A further Duty on Bachelors and Widowers above 25 Years, being

a Duke;

a Marquis

an Earl;

a Viscount;

a Baron;

eldest Son of a Duke

younger Son of a Duke;

eldest Son of a Marquis;

younger Son of a Marquis; eldest Son of an Earl;

younger Son of an Earl;

eldest Son of a Viscount; younger Son of a Viscount; eldest Son of a Baron;

younger Son of a Baron ; a Baronet;

Knight of the Bath;

a Knight Bachelor;

The King's Sergeant;

a Sergeant at Law

an Esquire

a Gentleman;

an Archbishop ; a Bishop ; a Dean

7g

574

6° & 7" Gul. & Mar. c.6.

A.D. 1694.

an Archdeacon;

a Canon or Prebendary

Doctor of Divinity, Law, and Physic

a Son of an Archbishop, &c.

Persons of Real Estate of <^50 per Ann. or of Personal Estate of g£6oc and upwards;

Sons of such Persons.

Duty to be paid

Half-yearly.

X.

No Person to be doubly charged.

XI.

Commissioners under c. 3. ante, to be Commissioners for executing this Act.

Commissioners to meet upon 30th Apnl;

and may divide themselves;

and to direct Precepts to Inhabitants, &:c. requiring them to appear;

then to read the Rates, and charge them j

and to prefix a Day and Place to bring in Certificate of Names of Persona chargeable,

and the Sums they ought respectively to pay upon Burials, &c.

Penalty

and to return Collectors for the First Year. Parish to be answerable for their Payments. Assessor, before he acts, to take the Oaths of 1 W. & M. Sess. I. c. 8. and also the following Oath.

Every person of the degree of an Arch-Deacon the yearely sum of Twelve shilling^ and six pence Every Canon or Prebendary of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church the yearely sum of Twelve shillingf [and1] six pence

Every person of the degree of a Doctor of Divinity Law or Physick the yearely sum of One pound and five shillingf

Every son of an Arch-Bishopp Bishopp Dean Arch-Deacon Canon Prebendary Doctor of Divinity Law or Physick the yearely sum of Five shillingf

Every other person haveing a real estate of the value of Fifty pounds per annum or upwardf or a personal estate of the value of Six hundred pounds or upwardf and not charged under any of the orders ranks degrees or qualifications aforesaid the yearely sum of Five shillingf

And every son of such person haveing such real or personal estate the yearely sum of Two shillingf and Six pence which said several and respective yearely sums hereby charged shall bee paid by Two equal halfe yearely paymentf att the Two most usual feastf in the yeare (that is to say) att the feastf of Saint Michael the Arch-angel and the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That noe person shall by virtue of this Act bee doubly charged for or in respect of the several titles honours or degrees but that every such person shall be charged and chargeable for such title honour or degree onely as is highest rated by this Act.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the better execution of this Act and for the ordering and levying of the several sums of money soe as aforesaid limitted and appointed to bee paid the persons nominated and appointed to bee Commissioners for putting in execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament intituled An Act for granting to his Majestie an aid of Foure shillingf in the pound for One yeare and for applying the yearely sum of Three hundred thousand pounds for Five yeares out of the Duties of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported for carrying on the warr against France with vigour shall bee Commissioners for putting in execution this present Act and the powers therein contained within all and every the severall and respective Counties Ridingf Cities Boroughs Cinque-Ports Townes and places for the First yeare of the said terme of Five yeares for which the duties hereby imposed are granted Which said Commissioners in order to the speedy execution of this Act shall (in their respective Counties Cities Boroughs Townes and places for which they are appointed Commissioners) respectively meet together att the most usuall or common place of meeting within such of the said Counties Cities Boroughs Townes and places respectively att or before the Thirtieth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety five and the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall bee present at the First general meeting or the major part of them may by their consentf and agreementf divide as well themselves as other the Comissioners not then present for the execution of this Act in Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Wards Townes and other places within their limittf priveledged or not priveledged in such manner as to them £*) seem meet And shall direct their several or joint precept or preceptf to such inhabitantf and such number of them as they in their discretions shall think most convenient to bee Presenters and Assessors requiring them to appeare before the said Commissioners att such time and place as they shall appoint not exceeding Ten days And att such their appearances the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall meet shall openly read or cause to bee read unto them the several Rates and Duties in this Act mentioned and openly declare the effect of their charge unto them and how and in what manner they ought and should make

their certificates and assessmentf according to the several Rates aforesaid And shall then and there prefix another

day to the said persons to appeare before the said Commissioners and bring in their certificates in writeing of the names surnames estates degrees titles and qualifications of all and every the persons dwelling or residing within the limits of those places with which they shall bee charged dividing them into several columns as they are in quality estate and qualification and the names of all other persons chargeable by this Act and the sums they are or ought [to pay respectively*] upon burials births or marriages and for their being unmarried according to the rules and

directions of this Act without concealment love favour dread or malice upon pain of forfeiture of any sum not

exceeding Five pounds to bee levied as by this Act is appointed And shall alsoe then returne the names of Two or more able and sufficient persons within the boundf or limits of those parishes or places where they shall bee Assessors respectively to be Collectors of the several Rates and Duties granted to His Majestie by this Act which shall grow due and payable within the First yeare of the said terme of Five yeares For whose paying unto the

Receiver General to bee appointed by his Majestie his Deputy or Deputies in manner following such moneys as

they shall bee charged withall the parish or place by whom they are soe imployed shall bee answerable And every Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to bee appointed shall before hee take upon him the execution of the said imployment take the oaths mentioned and required to .bee taken by an Act made in the Parliament held [in4] the First yeare of the reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for the abrogating the oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy and appointing other oaths and alsoe take an oath to bee administred in these words following.

Y OU shall swear well and truely to execute the duty of an Assessor and to cause the Rates and Duties imposed by an Act intituled An Act for granting to his Majestie certaine Rates and Duties upon marriages births and burials and upon Batchelors and Widowers for the terme of Five yeares for carrying on the warr against France with vigor to bee duely and impartially assessed according to the best of your skill and knowledge and therein

you shall spare noe person for favour or affection nor any person grieve for hatred or ill-will.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* shall O.

3 respectively to pay O.

* O. omits.

A. 0.1694.

6° & 7° Gvl. & Mar. c. 6.

57 5

Which oaths any Two or more of the Commissioners in the County City or Place where the said assessment is Which Oaths Two

1 Commissioners may

administer.

to bee made have hereby power and are hereby required to administer.

And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That the Rates and Assessmentf charged by this A & shall bee ascertained and the certificates thereof returned to the Commissioners att or before the Thirteenth day of May One thousand six hundred ninety five And upon the delivery and returning of such Certificates or Assessmentf unto the said Commissioners they or any Three or more of them shall forthwith issue out and deliver their warrantf or estreatf to such Collectors as aforesaid for the speedy collecting and levying of the said Assessmentf as they shall respectively become due and payable and all moneys and rates due thereupon according to the intent and directions of this present Att of all which the said Collectors are hereby required to make demand of the parties chargeable therewith or att the places of their last abode within Tenn days after the said Duties hereby granted shall respectively become due and payable And to pay in the same within Twenty days after the receipt thereof att such place as the Commissioners shall appoint unto the respective Receiver General his Deputy or Deputies who are hereby impowered and required to call upon and hasten the Collectors to the said payment And in default of such payment to levy by warrant under the hands and seales of any Two or more of the Commissioners upon the Collectors by distresse and sale of his and their goods and chattells such sum and sums of money as hee hath received and as ought by him to have been paid and is not paid by reason of his failure in doing ‘his duty according to the direction of this Att.

And bee it further enacted That a true duplicate of the said Assessmentf bee in convenient time made out and delivered unto the respective Receivers General so as every of them may bee duely charged to answer their respective collections and receiptf And that the respective Receivers General shall pay the several sums of money by them received by virtue of this Act into His Majesties Exchequer by Halfe yearely paymentf att the two most usual feastf of the yeare (that is to say) the feast of Saint Michael the Arch-Angel and the feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary or sooner or oftner if thereunto required by the Commissioners of Iiis Majesties Tresury or by the High Tresurer or Commissioners of the Tresury for the time being And upon the returne of any such certificate the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall and may if they see cause examine the presenters thereof And if the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them within their several limittf shall att the time of the returne of the certificates or within Twenty days after have certaine knowledge or vehemently suspett that any person or persons who ought to bee mentioned in the said certificates is or are omitted or that any person or persons in the said certificate mentioned is or are of a higher degree or quality or of a greater estate then in the said certificate is mentioned or is otherwise undercharged or not duely charged according to the direction of this Act the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall have power to summon such person or persons to appeare before them att a day and place prefixed to bee examined touching the rates and duties aforesaid or touching other matters which may any way concerne the premisses And if any person or persons summoned to bee soe examined shall neglect to appeare having not a reasonable excuse for such his

default every person soe making default shall pay unto his Majestie double the sum of the rate hee should or

ought to have been sett att And moreover the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall have power by all lawfull ways and meanes to examine and esquire into the degrees ranks qualifications and estates of such persons as are charged by this Act and to sett such rate or rates upon every such person or persons as shall bee according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And the said Receiver General shall have an allowance of Two pence in the pound for all moneys which shall bee by him paid into the Receipt of the

Exchequer And that every Collector shall have Three pence in the pound for what money hee shall pay to the

Receiver General his deputie or deputies.

XII.

Certificates of Assessments to be returned to the Commissioners, before 13th of May • 695.

On Return of Certificates, Three Commissioners may issue Warrants for Collection. Collectors to demand Rates, and pay same to Receiver General, who is to hasten Collectors ; and in default, to levy by Distress.

XIII.

Duplicate of A.ssessment delivered to Receivers General, who are to pay into Exchequer Half yearly, or oftener if required by Treasury.

On Return of Certificates, Three Commissioners may examine Presenters.

If Commissioners suspect the Value, or that Persons, ice. are omitted, they may summon Party.

Persons summoned not appearing;

Penalty.

Power to Commissioners to examine into the Degrees of Persons charged.

Allowance to Receiver General.

And for the careful writing and transcribing the said warrantf estreatf and duplicates in due time bee it further enacted That the Clerkf of the Commissioners who shall respectively performe the same shall by warrant under Two or more of the Commissioners hands have and receive from the respective Receivers General their deputy or deputies One peny in the pound of all such money as hee shall have received by virtue of such warrantf or certificates who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly And if any person or persons shall refuse to pay the several sum and sums and proportions appointed by this Act for such person to pay upon demand made by the Officer or Collector of the place according to the precept or estreatf to him delivered by the Commissioners appointed by this Act itt shall and may bee lawfull to and for such Officer or Collector who are hereby thereunto authorized and required for Non payment thereof to distraine the person or persons soe refusing by his or their goods or chattellf and the distresse soe taken to keep by the space of Foure days att the costs and charges of the owners thereof and if the said Owner doe not pay the respective sums of money due by

this Act within the said Foure dayes then the said distresse to bee appraised by Two or more of the inhabitantf

where the said distresse is taken and there to bee sold by the said Officer for payment of the said money and

the overplus coining by the said sale (if any bee) over and above the charges of taking and keeping the said

distresse to bee immediately restored to the owner thereof And moreover it shall and may bee lawfull to break open (in the day time) any House and (upon warrant under the hands and seales of Two or more of the said Commissioners) any chest trunk box or other things where any such goods are calling to their assistance the Constable Tythingman and Headborough within the Counties Cities Townes and places where any refusal neglect or resistance shall bee made which said Officers are hereby required to bee aiding and assisting in the premises

XIV. Commissioner* Clerks to have id. per Pound for writing Warrants, &c.

Persons neglecting, flee, to pay Rates.

Collector to distrain, and to keep the Distress Four Days at Owners Charge; then, if no Payment, appraised and sold, and Overplus restored.

Officer breaking open Houses, Acc. in the Day-time, to call to his Assistance Constables, &c. who are to be aiding.

6° & 7° Gul.& Mar. c. 6.

A.D. 16.94.

Persons appointed to pay Duties neglecting, &c.

If no Distress, Commissioners or Justices may imprison.

Persons aggrieved after Notice of Assessment may complain, and Commissioners may abate or increase Assessment, and then estreat Assessment into Exchequer.

XV.

Justices of Peace of Counties to be Commissioners during the last Four Years.

XVI.

At the End of each of the Five Years Collectors to cause a Copy of Assessment signed by them, with the necessary Alterations and Names of Collectors for the succeeding Year, to be delivered to Two or more Justices;

Justices to peruse the same, and if they suspect that Persons are omitted who ought to be named in Certificate or that the Quality, or Estate is not truly stated, then they may summon such Persons.

Such Persons neglecting to appear, to pay double

and the said Justices may examine into the Degrees and Estates of such Persons

and may enlarge or abate Assessment.

Justices after Examination to sign and allow Assessments, and appoint Collectors, and deliver such Assessment to them.

Collectors to act, under Penalties herein mentioned.

as they will answer the contrary att their Peril And if any person or persons appointed to pay any of the duties charged by this Att shall refuse or neglect to pay the said sum or sums soe appointed to bee paid by the space

of Ten Days after demand as aforesaid where noe sufficient distresse can or may bee found whereby the same

may bee levied in every such case Two or more of the Commissioners or Two Justices of the Peace by this Att

appointed for any such City County or Place are hereby authorized by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to

committ such person or persons to the Common Goal there to bee kept without Bail or Mainprize until payment shall bee made And if any person certified assessed or rated find him or her selfe agrieved with such assessing or rating and doe within Ten Days after Notice of such Assessmentf given as herein after is diretted by reading thereof in the Church complaine to the said Commissioners who signed or allowed their Rate they or any Three or more of them shall and may within Ten days next after such Complaint particularly examine the party soe complaining upon his or her Oath of his or [herl] Rank Degree Qualification or Estate and upon due Examination or Knowledge thereof abate defalk encrease or enlarge the said Assessment and the same soe abated encreased or enlarged shall bee estreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid And to that end the said Commissioners are hereby required to meet together for the determining of such Complaintf and Appeals accordingly.

And bee it further enacted That for the better and more effectual putting in execution of this Att the Justices of the Peace of the several and respective Counties Ridingf Cities Townes Boroughs and Places within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed shall and are hereby appointed Commissioners for and dureing the foure last yeares of the said terme of five yeares for which the duties imposed by this Att are granted who are hereby authorized and required from time to time to putt in execution the several powers and authorities hereby granted them according to the several directions of this Att.

And bee it further enacted for the better and more equal chargeing the duties ariseing by this Att that att the end of every yeare of the said terme of five yeares for which the said duties are hereby granted the Collectors for the next preceding yeare shall cause a copy of the respective assessmentf given to them and of the collection made by them for such Division Parish or Place for which they were appointed Collectors respectively to bee fairely written and signed by them but with such alterations therein as shall bee necessary by reason of the death change of quality or degree or removal of any person or persons or otherwise and att the bottom thereof shall write or cause to bee written the names of two or more of the most substantial inftitantf of the respective Cities Townes Boroughs Divisions or Places for which they were Collectors [whom1] they in their judgement shall think fitt to bee appointed Collectors of the said duties within the said Cities Boroughs Towns Divisions or Places respectively for the ensueing yeare and the said Collectors are hereby appointed and required to deliver or cause to bee delivered the said assessment soe fairely written and signed by them together with the names of the persons nominated by them as fitt to bee Collectors for the yeare ensueing or a true duplicate thereof signed as aforesaid unto two or more Justices of the Peace for the respective Counties Ridingf Cities Townes Divisions or Places for which they were appointed Collectors respectively within the space of ten days after the end of every yeare of the said terme of five yeares for which the duties mentioned in this Att are granted which Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and required strittly to peruse the same and examine the presenters thereof and if the said Justices or any two of them within their several Limits or Divisions shall att the time of the delivery of such Certificates or Assessmentf or within ten days after have certaine knowledge or have cause to suspett that any person or persons who ought to bee mentioned in the said certificates or assessmentf is or are omitted or that any person or persons in the said [_certificates3] mentioned is or are of a higher degree or quality or of a greater estate then in the said certificate is mentioned or is otherwise undercharged or not duely charged according to the direction of this Att the said Justices or any two of them shall have power to summon such person or persons to appeare before them att a day and place prefixt to bee examined touching the rates and duties aforesaid or touching other matters which may any ways concern the premisses And if any person or persons summoned to bee soe examined shall neglect to appeare not haveing a reasonable excuse for such his default every person soe makeing default shall pay unto his Majesty double the sum of the rate he should or ought to have been sett att And moreover the said Justices of the Peace to whom such certificates or assessmentf shall bee delivered or any two of them or any other two Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties where such assessment shall bee made shall have power and are hereby required by all lawfull ways and meanes to examine and esquire into and concerning the several degrees ranks qualifications and estates of such persons as are chargeable by this Att and thereupon to enlarge alter abate or diminish the said assessmentf soe delivered to the said Justices soe that such rate or rates may bee sett and imposed upon every such person or persons as shall bee according to the true intent and meaning of this Att And the said Justices of the Peace or any three or more of them shall after such perusal and examination thereof sett their hands to the said respective assessmentf testifying their allowance thereof and shall likewise noiate and appoint two of the persons named in the said certificate or assessment to bee Collectors for the respective Divisions & Places for which they were soe presented and shall forthwith deliver or cause to bee delivered such assessment soe by them allowed of unto the respective persons by them nominated to bee Collectors for the yeare ensuing who are hereby strittly enjoyned and required to collect and pay the several rates and dudes soe rated and assessed according to the direttions herein before contained for and touching the Collectors of the said duties hereby granted and under the several penalties and forfeitures hereby inflicted upon Collectors for neglect or not performance of their duty.

interlined on the Roll.

* who O.

1 certificate O.

A.D. 169 4.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 6.

577

And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid that the [said1] several and respective Collectors of the duty granted by this Act shall every yeare dureing the continuance thereof within the space of six days after the respective assessmentf or certificates shall bee to them delivered deliver over the same or a true copy thereof unto the respective Parson Vicar Rector or Curate for the respective Parish Divisions or Places for which they are appointed Collectors under the penalty of forfeiting the sum of Five pounds to his Majestie And the said Parsons Rectors Vicars and Curates are hereby required under the like penalty of Five pounds to bee forfeited to his Majestie for every offence on the next Lords day commonly called Sunday after the receipt thereof openly and publickly to read or cause the same to bee read in the Church immediately after divine service in the morning to the end that every person thereby rated or charged may have notice of such rate or charge and if hee or they find him or themselves agrieved thereby they may complaine and appeal according to the directions of this Act.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that dureing the foure last yeares of the said terme of five yeares for which the duties imposed by this Act are granted upon complaint made by any person or persons rated or assessed by virtue of this Act to the Justices of the Peace who signed or allowed his or their rate or assessment within Ten days after such notice as aforesaid given by reading the respective rates and assessmentf in the Church as before is directed the said Justices who signed or allowed the said rates or any Two of them together with the other Justices of the said County Riding City or Place where such assessment was made are hereby impowered att their next Quarter Sessions after such complaint particularly to examine the parties soe complaining upon his or her Oath of his or her rank degree qualification or estate and upon due examination or knowledge thereof to abate encrease defalk or enlarge the said assessmentf or any of them and the same soe abated encreased or enlarged shall bee certified and delivered by them unto the respective Collectors of the said Duties for their better direction in the collecting thereof who are hereby required to collect and pay the same according to the directions of this Act under the several penalties and forfeitures hereby inflicted upon Collectors for neglect of or not performing their Duty And a true Duplicate thereof shall bee in convenient time by them made out and delivered unto the respective Receivers General soe as every of them may bee duely charged to answer their respective collections and receiptf And the said Collectors and Receivers General are hereby required to pay all and every the sums which shall bee by them collected or received att any time dureing the continuance of this Act att such times and places and in such manner and under such penalties & forfeitures for non payment thereof as herein before is directed.

And bee it further enacted That all appeals once heard and determined by virtue of this Act shall bee final without any further appeal upon any pretence whatsoever.

And bee it further enacted for the better levying and collecting the duties granted by this Act That all Persons in Holy Orders Deans Parsons Deacons Viccars Curates and their or any of their Substitutes doe within their respective Parishes PrecinCtf and Places take an exact and true account and keep a register in writing of all & every person or persons married buried christened or borne in his or their respective Parishes or PrecinCtf or in such common Burying-places as their respective Parishioners are usually buried in to which book or register the Collectors for the respective Parishes and Places and all other persons concerned shall have free accesse to view the same att all seasonable times without any fee or reward And if any such Parson or Minister shall refuse or

neglect to keep a true register thereof as before is directed such Parson or other Minister soe offending shall

forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds to bee recovered by such person as shall sue for the same in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster by any action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoign Wager of Law or Protection shall bee allowed and wherein the Prosecutor shall recover his full Costs the moiety of which forfeiture shall bee to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors and the other moiety to the persons who shall informe and sue for the same.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Parents of every Child which shall bee borne

att any time within the said terme of Five yeares or one of them shall within Five days after such Birth give notice to the Collectors or one of them of the Parish or Place where such Child was borne and of the Christian Name of such Child and the day of its Birth And the said Collectors or one of them shall thereupon give a Certificate in writing under his or their hands unto such Parent testifying that such notice was given without fee and reward for the same And in case any Child shall bee borne dead then one of the Parents thereof shall bring a Certificate under the hands of Two or more persons testifying the same unto the said Collectors or one of them and in case any Parent shall neglect to give notice as aforesaid hee shall forfeit the sum of Forty shillingf one moiety thereof to the Kings Majestie and the other moiety to the Informer.

And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That noe Letters Platentf granted by the Kings Majestie or any of his Royal Progenitors or to bee granted by his Majestie to any person or persons Cities Boroughs or Townes Corporate within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priveledges or Exemptions from Subsidies Tolls Taxes Assessmentf or Aids shall bee construed or taken to exempt any person or persons City Borough or Towne Corporate or any the Inhitantf of the same from the burthen or charge of any sum or sums of money granted by this Act And all Non Obstantes in such Letters Patentf made or to bee made in bar of any Act or Aftf

1 interlined on the Roll, but omitted in the Original Act.

7 H

XVII. Collectors, within Six Days after Delivery of Assessment or Certificates to them, to deliver same or a Copy to the Parson j

Penalty j who is to read the same on the next Sunday in the Church, on the like Penalty.

XVIII.

During the last Four Years., on Complaint made within Ten Days after such Reading in Church, the Justices who allowed the Rate and the other Justices in Quarter Sessions may examine Party complaining on Oath as to nis Rank and Estate, and may thereupon increase or abate Assessment and deliver the same to the Collectors, who are to act thereon under the Penalties herein mentioned. Collectors and Receivers General to pay Monies collected;

Penalty.

XIX.

Appeals

determined, final.

XX.

Persons in Holy Orders to keep a Register of Marriages, Christenings, and Burials

Free Access thereto without Fee.

Penalty ^ioo.

XXI. Parents to give Notice of Birth within Five Days lo Collectors. Collector to give Certificate to Parent.

Child born dead. Certificate thereof to be produced to Collector;

Penalty 40s.

XXII. Letters Patent, See. of Exemption from Subsidies, &c. not to exempt from the Duties granted by this Act.

All Non obstantes in such Letters Patent void.

6° & 7uGul. & Mar. c. 6.

A.D. 169A.

XXIII. Parents, Guardians, fice. liable for Infants;

such Parents, 4tc. neglecting to pay. Proceedings against them;

Allowance of such Payment to Parents, &c.

XXIV. Lodgers and Servants taxed where resident;

Absentees where last abiding in the Realm.

XXV. Persons in respect of several Places of Residence being doubly charged for Personal Estate , upon Certificate and Oath thereof, to be discharged for so much;

Persons who by Fraud shall escape being taxed, doubly charged.

XXVI. Householders to give Account of Lodgers to Assessors.

Penalty

XXVII. Heir paying Duties on Burial, or tf same levied on Lands descended, Heir may recover from Executor.

XXVIII. Collectors keeping Monies collected in their Hands;

Imprisonment of

Persons, and Estates Real and Personal seized;

and Commissioners may appoint a Meeting on Notice;

of Parliament for the supply or assistance of his Majestie are hereby declared to bee void and of none effect [And'] such Letters Patentf Grants or Charters or any Clause of Non Obstante or other matter or thing therein contained or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That where any person or persons chargeable with any rates or assessmentf by this Act imposed shall bee under the age of one and twenty yeares in every such case the Parents Guardians and Tutors of such Infantf respectively upon default of payment by such Infantf shall bee and are hereby made liable to and charged with the paymentf which such Infantf ought to have made And if such Parents Guardians or Tutors shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid itt shall and may bee lawfull to proceed against him in the like manner as against any other person or persons making default of payment as herein is mentioned and all Parents Guardians and Tutors making payment as aforesaid shall bee allowed all and every the sums paid for such Infantf upon his or their accounts

And bee it further enacted That every person rated or assessed by virtue of this Act shall bee rated att such place where hee or she shall bee resident att the time of the execution of this Act and all persons not being Ilousholders nor having a certaine place of abode and all Servantf shall bee taxed att the place where they shall bee resident att the time of the execution of this Act and if any person who ought to bee taxed by virtue of this Act shall att the time of this assessment bee out of the Realme such person shall bee rated therefore in such

County City or Place where hee was last abiding within the Realme.

Provided That if any Person or Persons by reason of his or their having several Mansion Houses or Places of Residence or otherwise shall bee doubly charged by occasion of this Act then upon Certificate made by any two or more of the Commissioners for the County Riding City or Place of his or their personal Residence under their Hands and Seales of the sum or sums charged upon him or them and in what capacity or respect hee or they were soe charged which Certificate the said Commissioners are required to give without delay fee or reward And upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the said Certificate shall bee made (which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby authorized and required to administer) then the Person or Persons soc doubly (*) shall for soe much as shall bee soe certified bee discharged in every other County City or Place And if any other Person that ought to bee taxed by virtue of this A ft shall by changing (J) place place of residence or by any other fraud or covin escape from the taxation and not bee taxed and the same bee proved before the Commissioners or any Two of them or before any Justice of the Peace in the County Riding City or Place where such Person dwelleth or resideth att any time within Three Months next ensueing after such tax made every Person that shall soe escape from the taxation and payment shall bee charged upon proof thereof att double the value of soe much as hee should or ought to have been taxed att by this Act and the said double value (upon Certificate thereof made into the Excheq^ by the Commissioners or Justices before whom such Proof shall bee made) to bee levied of the Goods Lands and Tenement^ of such Person.

And for the better discovery of all such persons as are charged by virtue of this Act bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Housholder shall upon the demand of the Assessors or Collectors of the respective Parishes or Places give an Account of the Names Degrees Qualifications and Estates of such Persons as shall sojoume or lodge in their respective Houses under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majestie the sum of Five Pounds to bee levied and recovered in such manner as other Penalties in this Act mentioned are to bee levied and recovered.

Provided always and bee it further enacted That if the Heire of any Person dying shall pay the Duties charged by this Act upon the burial of such person or if the said Duties shall bee levied by virtue of this Act upon the Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf descended to such Heir from the person upon whose burial the said Dudes became due that then such Heire his Executors or Administrators shall bee intituled to recover soe much from the Executors or Administrators of such Person out of Assettf of the said Testatbr or Intestate by Action of Debt to bee brought in any of His Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster

And it is further enacted and declared That if any Collector that shall by virtue of this Act bee appointed for the Receipt of any sums of money thereby to bee assessed shall neglect or refuse to pay any sum or sums of money which shall bee by him received as aforesaid and to pay the same as in and by this Act is directed and shall detaine in his or their Hands any money received by them or any of them and not pay the same att such rime as by this Act is directed the Commissioners of each County Riding City or Towne respectively or any Two or more of them in their respective Divisions are hereby authorized and impowered to imprison the person and seize and secure the Estate both real and personal of such Collectors to him belonging or which shall descend or come into the hands or possession of his Heires Executors or Administrators wheresoever the same can bee discovered and found And the said Commissioners who shall soe seize and secure the estate of any Collector or Collectors shall bee and are hereby impowered to appoint a rime for the general meeting of the Commissioners for such County Riding City Towne or Place and there to cause publick Notice to bee given att the place where such meeting shall bee appointed Six days att least before such general meeting And the Commissioners present att such general meeting or the major part of them in case the moneys detained by any such Collector or

any 0.

' charged O.

* his O.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & iMar. c. 6.

519

Collectors bee not paid or satisfied as it ought to bee according to the directions of this Act shall and are hereby impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall bee for the cause aforesaid seized and secured or any part of them and to satisfy and pay into the Hands of the Receiver General the sum that shall bee soe detained in the hands of such Collector or Collectors their Heires Executors or Administrators respectively.

and if Monies so detained be not satisfied. Commissioners present at such Meeting may sell Estates •o seized for Payment.

Provided and bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the avoiding all obstructions and delays in assessing and collecting the sums which by this Act are to bee rated and assessed all Places Constablewickf Divisions and Allotmentf which have used to bee rated and assessed shall pay and bee assessed in such County Hundred Rape Wapentake Constablcwick Division Place and Allotment as the same hath heretofore usually been assessed in and not elsewhere.

XXIX.

Places assessed in the County, Scc. where usually assessed.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Commissioners that shall bee within any County City or Place within the respective limits or the major part of them shall rate and assesse every other Commissioner joyned with them for or in respect of the Rates and Duties hereby granted soe as the residence [or'] usuall dwelling place of such Commissioner soe to bee assessed bee within the division of such Commissioners by whom hee is assessed And the Commissioners within their divisions shall alsoe assesse every Assessor for all and singuler the Premisses for which by this Act hee ought to bee rated and assessed And as well all sums assessed upon every the said Commissioners and Assessors as the Assessmentf made and sett by the Assessors aforesaid shall bee levied and gathered as the same should and ought to have been if such Commissioners had not been named Commissioners.

Provided alsoe That noe Person inhabiting in any City Borough or Towne Corporate shall bee compelled to bee any Assessor or Collector of or for any part of the Rates & Assessmentf hereby granted inj any place or places out of the limits of the said City Borough or Towne Corporate.

And bee it further enacted That in all priveledged and other places being Extraparochial and not within the Constablewickf or PrecinCtf of the respective Assessors to bee appointed by virtue of this Act the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall and are hereby required to nominate and appoint Two fitt persons living in or neare the said priveledged or other places as aforesaid to bee Assessors for the said places and to make and retume their said Assessmentf in like manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish Tything or Place and alsoe to appoint Two or more Collector or Collectors who are hereby required to collect and pay the same according to the Rates appointed by this Act for collecting and paying all sums of money payable by this Act.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That noe stay of Prosecution upon any Command Warrant Motion or Order or Direction by non vult ulterius prosequi shall bee had made admitted received or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suit or Proceeding by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information or otherwise for the Recovery of all or any the Pains Penalties or Forfeitures upon any Person or Persons by this Act inflicted or therein mentioned for or in order to the Conviction or Disability of any Person offending against this Act.

And for the more effectual charging all Persons chargeable with any of the Duties ariseing by virtue of this Act Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if after the Assessmentf directed by this Act shall bee made any Person shall come to inhabit or reside in any Division or Place where such Person was not rated or taxed the Comissioners acting within such Division or Place are hereby required and impowered to sumon such person before them And unlesse hee or she shall produce a Certificate made according to the Directions of this Act whereby it shall appeare that hee or she was assessed and hath paid the Duties ariseing by such Assessment in some other Place the said Comissioners shall and are hereby required to cause such Person to bee assessed and the money ariseing by such Assessment to bee levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And bee it further enacted That if any Assessor Collector or other Person appointed by the Commissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his Duty in the due [and speedy*J Execueon of this Act the said respective Comissioners or any Three or more of them may and shall by virtue of this Act impose on such Person or Persons soe refuseing or neglecting their Duties any fine not exceeding the sum of Twenty pound f for any one Offence the same to bee levied and certified as aforesaid and charged upon the respective Receivers General amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid And the said Comissioners or any Two or more of them may or shall from time to time call for and require an Account from the respective Receivers General of all the moneys received by them of the said Collectors and of the Payment thereof into His Majesties Exchequer according to the directions of this Act And in case of a failure in the premisses the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to bee [forthwith *] levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act And in case of any controversie ariseing between the said (Commissioners concerning the said Rates or Assessmentf the Comissioners that shall bee concerned therein shall have noe Voice but shall withdraw dureing the debate of such controversie until it bee determined by the rest of the Commissioners And all questions and differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assessmentf or Levies shall

XXX.

Commissioners within their Division to rate each other for their Personal Estates and Offices; Commissioners to assess the Assessors.

XXXI. Inhabitants in Cities, &c. not compellable to be Assessors out of Limits.

XXXII. Proviso respecting Nomination of Assessors and Collectors in Extra* parochial and Privileged Places.

XXXIII.

No Stay of Prosecution in Actions for Penalties.

XXXIV.

If after Assessment made any Person shall come to reside where he was not rated, and shall not produce Certificate of having paid. Commissioners to assess.

XXXV. Assessor, See. neelecting or refusing to do his Duty, Commissioners to fine, not exceeding £20.

Two Commissioners may require Account from Receiver General, and may levy.

If Controversy

concerning

Commissioners,

Commissioners

concerned to

withdraw.

All Questions determined by Commissioners.

and O.

J interlined on the Roll.

G°& 7° Gul. 6c Mar. c.6

A.D. 1694

Receivers General to give Head Collectors Receipts gratis.

Collectors to deliver a Schedule to Receiver General of Defaulters;

and returned by him into the Exchequer.

bee heard and finally determined by Three or more of the Commissioners upon complaint thereof to them made by any person or persons thereby grieved without further trouble or suit in Law And the said Receiver General his Deputy or Deputies shall give acquittances gratis to the said Collectors for all moneys of them received in pursuance of this Act which acquittances shall bee a full discharge to the said Collectors respectively And the said Collectors shall make and deliver to the said Receivers General their Deputy or Deputies a perfect Schedule fairely written in Parchment under their Hands and Seals signed and allowed by any Two or more of the said respective Commissioners containing the names and sirnames and places of abode of every person as well Peer as Commoner within their respective collection that shall make default of payment of any of the sums that shall bee rated or assessed on such person for such rate or duty by virtue of this Act and the sum and sums charged on every such person the same to bee by him returned into his Majesties Exchequer whereupon every person soe making default of Payment may bee charged by processe of the Court according to the course thereof in that behalfe.

XXXVI. Constables to be aiding in executing Act, and to obey Precepts of Commissioners.

XXXVII.

In Action for executing Act General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

XXXVIII.

Monies collected to be paid by particular Collectors to Receiver General; of which he is to

give Notice to ommissioners, as herein mentioned. Receipt of Receiver General, &c. a Discharge to Collector.

XXXIX. Proviso as to Collectors travelling to pay.

XL. Receiver General returning Rates to be in Arrear, or setting insuper, when Rates have been paid

Penalty to Party.

Penalty to the King.

XL I.

Commissioners not liable to Penalties of *5 Car. II. c. 2.

XLII.

Penalties how levied.

XLIII. Collector neglecting, &c. to deliver Copy or Duplicate of

Provided always and bee it enabled That all Constables Headboroughs Tythingmen and other his Majesties Officers shall and are hereby required and enjoyned to bee respectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this Act and to obey and execute such Preceptf or Warrantf as shall bee to them directed in that behalfe by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed or any Two or more of them.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suit or Information shall bee

commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for wh^t hee or they shall doe in pursuance or in

execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may plead the General Issue not guilty and upon any issue joyned may give this Act and the special matter in evidence And if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit or forbeare further prosecution or suffer discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendant and Deftf shall recover their treble costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any cases where costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all moneys due and payable by this Act shall bee paid by the particular Collectors of the respective Counties Cities Boroughs Townes Parishes and Places who shall collect: the same unto such Receiver General as shall by his Majestie bee appointed to receive the same or the

Deputie or Deputies of such Receiver General to bee appointed under his hand and seale whereof notice shall bee

given by the Receiver General unto the Comissioners or any Two of them within their respective Divisions within Tenne Days after their first General Meeting and soe from time to time within Ten days after every death or removal of any deputy if any such shall happen And the receipt of such Receiver General his Deputy or Deputies or any of them shall bee a sufficient discharge unto every such Collector.

And bee it further enacted That the particular Collectors for payment of any sums by them received unto such Receiver General or his Deputy shall not bee obliged to travel above ten miles from the place of their habitations.

And for the better preventing such unjust vexations as might bee occasioned by such persons as shall bee appointed Receivers General of any of the sums of money granted by this Act and to the intent the Receivers General may returne a true account into his Majesties Court of Exchequer of such sums of money as shall bee received by them and every of them their and every of their deputie and deputies Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any such Receiver General shall returne or certifie unto the said Court any sum or sums of money to bee in arrear or unpaid after the same have been received either by such Receiver General or his Deputy or Deputies or any of them or shall cause any person or persons to bee sett insuper in the said Court for any sum or sums of money that hath been soe received that then every such Receiver General shall forfeit to every person and persons that shall bee molested vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust certificate returne or setting insuper treble the damages that shall bee thereby occasioned the said damagf to bee recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which noe Essoin Protection or Wager of Law shall bee allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and shall alsoe forfeit to his Majestie his heires and successors double the sum that shall bee soe unjustly certified or returned or caused to bee sett insuper.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners who shall bee employed in the execution of this Act shall bee liable for or by reason of such execution to any of the penalties mentioned in an Act made the five and twentieth yeare of King Charles the Second for the preventing of dangers which may happen from Popish Recusantf.

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted that all penalties and forfeitures to bee incurred for any Offences against this Act for which there is noe particular way of levying herein before prescribed or appointed shall bee levied by warrant under the hands and seales of two or more of the respective Comissioners of the Division or Place where any such Offence was or shall bee committed by distresse and sale of the Goods of the Offender rendring the overplus to the owner thereof after a deduction of reasonable charges for distraining the same.

Provided [alwayes'] and bee it enacted That if any Collector appointed by virtue of this Act to collect the duties hereby granted shall neglect or refuse to deliver a copy or duplicate fairely written and signed by him of the assessment by which hee collected the said duties together with the names of two or more of the Inhabitantf of

1 interlined on the Roll.

581

the Parish or Place for which hee was Collector to bee appointed Collectors for the yeare next ensueing att such time and in such manner as herein before is directed every Collector soe offending stall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to his Majestie to bee recovered and levied in such manner as herein is directed.

Assessment signed, and Names of Collectors

Penalty &ZO.

Provided always & bee it enacted that the several duties & sums of money due and payable by this Act for and upon the burial of any person who in his life time and att the time of his death was relieved where hee intiited by virtue of any Act of Parliament made for relief of the poor shall bee paid & answered to his Majestie by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for that Parish or Place where such person was last relieved or maintained out of such money as they shall receive for the relief of the Poor of their respective Parishes or Places and shall bee allowed the same upon their accounts and in default of payment the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall bee lyable to bee distrained upon and otherwise prosecuted and punished in such manner as any other persons neglecting or refuseing to pay the duties payable by them upon donand are hereby made lyable to bee distrained upon or prosecuted. Provided always that a demand att the house where the person died upon whose burial any duty is payable by this Act [of1] the money due for such burial shall bee construed and deemed to bee a good demand thereof by virtue of this Act.

And whereas in Cities Corporations and other great Townes where there are more Parishes then one and the poor people in the same doe generally live in the skirtf or outsides of such Cities Corporations & other great Towns and in case such poor parishes should by virtue of this Act bee lyable to pay the tax laid upon the burial of every person which received alms within their respective Parishes it would bee extreamely burthensome For remedy whereof bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the Churchwardens and Overseers of every Parish in every City or Corporation or Liberties or Suburbs thereof and of ?very great Towne who have more Parishes then one as aforesaid shall dureing the continuance of this Act upon or before the Tenth day of May in every yeare deliver unto the Mayor Chief Magistrate or Head Officer or Officers of every such City Corporation or great Towne a schedule or list in writing which shall containe the name of every poor person buried in their respective Parishes within the yeare preceding and for whose burial thiy paid the duty imposed by this Act upon delivery whereof such Churchwardens Overseers of the Poor or sorm of them shall make Oath before the said Mayor Justice of the Peace Chief Magistrate or Head Officer of the iruth of the said Schedule or List (which oath they are respectively hereby impowered to administer) and after ddivery of such Schedules or Lists in manner aforesaid the said Mayors Chief Magistrates or other Head Officers shall respectively cause all the said sums soe paid by the said respective Churchwardens or Overseers of the Pool upon the burial of every such poor person in the said several Schedules mentioned to bee taxed upon the several Cities Corporations and great Townes in general with other charges for relief of the Poor and in the like manier and within Two months

after the same shall bee assessed shall cause payment to bee made to the respective Churchwardens and Overseers

of the Poor for the Yeare preceding of all such sum and sums of money as they respectively paid in their respective

parishes for the burial of poor persons in the same Yeare.

XLIV.

Duty on Burial of Person relieved under Statute for Relief of Poor to be paid by Churchwardens of Parish where such Person was last relieved, and allowed in Account; on Default,

Distress and Punishment. Demand at the House where Person died a good Demand.

XLV. Recital that poor Parishes would be burthened if liable for Duty on Burials of Persons receiving Alms.

Churchwardens to deliver on Oath to Mayor, See. a List of poor Persons buried in the preceding Year on whom the Duty is payable

and, on Delivery thereof, Mayor, &c. to cause the Duties paid to be raised on the Cities, &c. in general with other Charges for the Relief of the Poor,

and thereout to repay the said Churchwardens, &c.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That such Receiver or Recei/ers General or other person or persons who is or shall bee imployed in the receiving collecting or paying the several duties upon marriages births and burials and alsoe upon Batchelors and Widdowers by this Act granted shill and are hereby required between the First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety six and the First day of November following and soe from yeare to yeare yearely att those times dureing the continuance of this Act to deliver in their respective accounts thereof to his Majesties auditors of the imprestf for the time being or one of them who shall bee and are hereby from time to time respectively authorized to eximine upon Oath the said Receiver or Receivers General or other person or persons Accomptantf which are or shall bee imployed in raiseing receiveing and collecting the said duties of what sum or sums of money was or were by them or any of them respectively raised collected or received within the time of such their accounts and likewise what part thereof was by them or any of them paid into the receipt of his Majesties Exchequer or by virtie of any Warrant of Privy Seal or Warrant of the Lord High Tresurer or Comissioners of his Majesties Tresury for the time being otherwise paid and to whom and for what Service or Services And in making the said accotntf to and before the said Auditors or one of them they are to produce proper vouchers for every sum or suns of money soe by them or any of them raised received and paid according to the ancient methods of the Exchequer tc the end it may appeare upon record what the same amounted to in a yeare for which such account or accounts shall bee made and what thereof was paid and to whom and for what use and service uses and services as aforesaid aid what remains unpaid and rests insuper upon each respective Receiver and Collector And such account or accounts soe to bee taken by the said Auditor is and are to bee declared before the Lord Tresurer or Lords Comusioners of the Tresury and Chancellor of the Excheqs now and for the time being according to the course of the Exchequer in such cases.

XLVI. Receivers General &c. to deliver their Accounts yearly, between ist May and ist November, to the Auditors of the Imprest, who are to examine Accountants upon Oath;

and in making such Accounts the said Receivers, &c. are to produce proper Vouchers.

Such Accounts to be declared according to the Course of the Exchequer.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe person shall bee maried att any place pretending to bee exempt from the visitation of the Bishop of the Diocesse without a licence first had and obtained except the Banns shall bee published and certified according to Law And that every Parson Vicar and Curate who shall marry any persons contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof shall forfeit the sun of One hundred pounds

XLVII. Proviso as to Marriages in Places exempt from Visitation. Parson, &c. unduly marrying any Persons

• interlined on the Roll.

7 1

A.D. 1694.

6°& 7° Gul. & Mar. c.6.

Penalty ^100. lo bee recovered by action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record one moiety whereof to the King his Ileires and Successors and the other moiety to the Informer who shall sue for the same and shall for the second offence bee suspended ab officio k beneficio for the space of Three yeares.

XLVIll.

Proviso for Fellows, &c. in the Universities.

And whereas the Fellows Students Scholars and Exhibitioners of the Foundations or Endowment^ of any College or Hall in the Two Universities are by the Statutes in their respective Colleges and Halls to bee displaced from their Places and maintenance therein if they shall marry bee it enabled by the authority aforesaid That the rates and taxes by this Act imposed or to bee imposed on Batchelors shall not extend to such Fellows Students or Scholars of Houses or Scholars having Exhibitions in any such Colleges or Halls any thing herein contained to the contrary' notwithstanding.

XLIX. Master or Mistress of Family in which Infant shall die to pay the Duty on Burial of Intants not residing with their Parents at the time of their Death; on default.

Distress.

Such Master or Mistress so paying may recover the Amount of such Payment from the Estate of the Infant, or from the Father or Guardian, &c.

Provided always and bee it further enacted That where any person under the age of One and twenty yeares

shall not bee resident att the time of his or her death with his or her Father or Mother That in such case the

Master or Mistrisse of the Family or House where such person shall dye shall pay the several duties and sums of money which shall become due and payable by virtue of this Act for and upon the burial of such person And in default of payment the said duties and sums of money shall bee levyed by distresse and sale of the goods and chattells of such Master or Mistresse or otherwise as by this Act is directed touching the duties payable by virtue thereof And such Master or Mistresse paying such duties as aforesaid shall and is hereby intituled to deduct and retaine soe much as hee or shee shall soe pay out of the estate of such person soe dying in his or her hands

And in case such Master or Mistresse shall not have sufficient estate in his or her hands belonging to the person

deceased then such Master or Mistresse shall and is hereby intituled to demand k recover soe much money as hee or she shall soe pay from the Father of such person if living and if there [shall1] bee noe Father living then from such person who was or took upon him or her selfe to bee Guardian or Trustee of such Child by action of debt to bee brought in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Wager of Law or Protection shall bee allowed.

L.

Upon a Burial for which a Duty of 20s. is payable (Exception) the Party liable to pay to deliver to Collector a Certificate of the Name, Title, &c.of such deceased Person, and of the Parents.

Such Certificate to be transmitted to Receiver General, who is to deliver same to Officer of Arms, to be filed in the College of Arms.

LI.

Clause for Loan of *£650,000. at Interest at £8 per Cent, per Ann.

LII. Officers to keep distinct Accounts of Duty.

LIII. Books provided.

Tally or Loan to Lender and Warrant for Interest,

payable every Three Months.

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally and paid iu course.

And for the better preserving the Genealogies Descentf and Alliances of the Nobility and Gentry bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That upon the burial of every person or persons of any the degrees ranks titles or qualities aforementioned for which a duty of Twenty shillingf or upwardf is charged by this Act (except such persons as are charged onely for or in respect of their having Fifty pounds per annum or Six hundred pounds personal estate) the party lyable to pay the said duty shall deliver or cause to bee delivered to the Collector or Collectors appointed by this Act a Certificate in Writing under his or her hand and seale engrossed in Parchm' or otherwise expressing the name sirname title quality office and employment (if any) of such deceased person with the age time of death place of burial marriages and issue and the ages of such issue together with the names sirnames titles and qualities of the parents of such deceased persons which Certificates shall bee transmitted to the Receiver General his deputy or deputies who shall deliver them to the Kings Herauldf and Pursuivantf of Arms And the said Officers of Arms shall thereupon forthwith number schedule and digest the same in alphabetical order in Books to bee provided for that purpose and shall file upp the Original^ in the College of Arms for publick use and shall bee answerable for the keeping thereof without any Fee or Reward for soe doeing.

And bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for any person or persons natives or Foreigners Bodies Politick or Corporate to advance and lend to his Majestie into the receipt of his Exchequer upon the creditt of this Act any sum or sums of money not exceeding the sum of six hundred and fifty thousand pounds in the whole and to have and receive for the forbearance of all such moneys as shall bee lent interest not exceeding the rate of Eight pounds per centum per annum.

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid That all and every the Officer and Officers who shall bee concerned in the levying collecting and receiving the duties ariseing by this Act doe keep a seperate and distinct account thereof and the same shall from time to time bee brought and paid into the Receipt of the Excheq^.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall bee provided and kept in his Majesties Excheq, (that is to say) in the Office of the auditor of the Receiptf one Book in which all moneys that shall

bee paid into the Excheq^ by virtue of this Act shall bee entred and registred apart and distinct from all other

moneys paid or payable to his Majestie upon any account whatsoever And that all and every person and persons Natives or Foreigners Bodies Politick or Corporate who shall lend any money to his Majestie upon the creditt of this Act k pay the same into the Receipt of the Excheqs shall imediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same and an order for his or their repayment beareing the same date with the Tally in which order shall bee alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of interest for forbearance not exceeding the rates aforesaid for his or their consideration to bee paid every Three months until the repayment of his or their principal And that all Orders for repayment of money shall bee registred in course according to the date of the Tally respectively without preferrence of one before another And that all and every person and persons shall bee paid in course according as

their orders shall stand registred in the said Book soe as that the person Native or Foreigner his or their

' interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1694.

6° Sc 7° G u l. & Mar. c. 6.

583

Executors Administrators or Assignes who shall have his her or their order or orders first entred in the said Book shall bee taken and accounted as the first person to bee paid upon the moneys to come in by virtue of this Act And hee or they who shall have his or their order or orders next entred shall bee taken and accounted to bee the second person to bee paid and soe successively and in course And that the moneys to come in by this Act

shall bee in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective Parties their Executors Administrators

or Assignes successively without pferrence of one before another and not otherwise and not to bee divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever and that noe fee reward or gratuity directly or indirectly bee demanded or taken of any of his Majesties Subjedf for providing or makeing of any such Books Registers Entries View or

Search as aforesaid or in or for the payment of money lent or the interest as aforesaid by any of his Majesties

Officer or Officers their Clerkf or Deputies on pain of payment of treble damagf to the party grieved by the party offending with Costs of Suit or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such fee or reward then to lose his place alsoe and if any undue pferrence of one before another shall bee made either in point of registry or payment

contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall bee lyable

by action of debt or on the case to pay the value of the debt damages and costs to the party [greyed *] and shall bee forejudged from his place or office And if such preference bee unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerk without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerk onely shall bee liable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall bee for ever after uncapable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not direct or the Clerk of the Pells record or the Tellers make payment according to each persons due place and order as before directed then hee or they shall bee judged to forfeit and their respective Deputies and Clerkf herein offending to bee lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid all which said penalties forfeitures damages and costs to bee incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid or any their deputies or clerkf shall and may bee recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priveledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall bee in any wise granted or allowed.

• r * • • r

Provided always and bee it hereby declared That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for

Payment as aforesaid beare date or bee brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to bee registred then it shall bee interpreted (*) noe undue preference which of those hee enters first soe hee enters them all the same day. Provided alsoe that it shall not bee interpted any undue preference to incurr any penalty in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerk of the Pells record and the Teller pay subsequent orders of the persons that

come and demand their money and bring their orders in their course soe as there may bee soe much money

reserved as will satisfie precedent orders which shall not bee otherwise disposed but kept for them (interest upon

Loan being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kept in Bank for them.)

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons to whom any moneys shall bee due by virtue of this Act after order entred in the book or register aforesaid for payment thereof his executors administrators or assignes by endorsement of his order may assigne and transferr his right title interest and benefitt of such order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the office of the Auditor of the receipt aforesaid and an entry or memorial thereof alsoe made in the book of register aforesaid for orders (which the Officers shall upon request without fee or charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators or Assignes to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon and such Assignee may in like manner assigne again and soe toties quoties And afterward f it shall not bee in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such Assignementf to make void release or discharge the same.

Provided always and bee it enacted That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for his Majestic his heires and successors out of the duties ariseing by this Act to cause such sum and sums of money to bee expended and paid from time to time for salaries and other incident charges as shall bee necessary in and for the receiving collecting levying or manageing of the same Duties dureing the said terme therein by this Act granted Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all persons comonly called Quakers or reputed such and all Papistf or reputed Papistf whether they are Popish Recusantf Convict or not and all Jews or any other persons who shall cohabitt and live together as man and wife shall and are hereby made lyable to pay the several & respective duties and sums of money payable upon marriages according to their respective degrees titles orders and qualifications as they ought to have paid by virtue of this Act if they had been married according to the Law of England which duties and sums of money shall bee collected levied and paid in such manner and subject to such rules and directions and under such penalties and forfeitures as are in this Act specified and conteined for and concerning payment of the several and respective duties payable upon marriages any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And upon every pretended marriage which shall bee made by any such person within the said terme of five yeares according to the method and forms used amongst them the man soe entring into such pretended state of matrimony shall within five days after give notice thereof to the Collectors or one of them of the Parish or Place where hee lives and in default of giving such notice hee shall forfeit the sum of five pounds one moiety thereof to the Kings Majesty the other moiety to the informer.

Provided always That nothing herein contained shall bee construed to make good or effcual in Law any such marriage or pretended marriage but that they shall bee of the same force and virtue and noe other as they would have been if this Act had never been made.

Monica to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for providing or making Books, Ac. or for Payment of Money lent.

Penalty.

Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer;

Penalty, and loss of Office.

By Deputy ; Penalty and Incapacity. Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller not making Payments in due Order;

Penalty.

How all such Penalties to be recovered.

uv.

Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

LV.

Orders for payment of money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

LVI.

LVII. Quakers, Papists, whether Popish Recusant Convicts or not, and Jews, and other Persons living together as Man and Wife, liable to Duty, and to be levied as in all other Cases.

Notice by the Man to Collector, of such Marriage;

Penalty £5.

LVIII.

Validity not hereby given to such Marriage.

1 grieved O.

5 to O.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Maii. c.7.

Rot. Parl. pi. 3. nu. I.

Recital that several Sums of Money were due to Owners of Transports, amounting to

.<£330,769.1 os. 7d.

5&6 W. & M. c.23.

A Fund to be raised for paying the same.

Duty on Goods imported between 1 st May 1695 and 2d May 1698.

Coffee per Cwt. i6s.

Plantation Cocoa Nuts per Cwt. &i. 16s.

Cocoa Nuts from other Countries, per Cwt. ^£4.48.

Chocolate per lb. is.

Cocoa Paste per lb. 2s.

Tea per lb. is.

Tea from Holland, or other Place not of the Growth, per lb. 28. 6d.

Nutmegs and other Spices, ad valorem Duty.

Pictures, ad valorem Duty.

II.

Any Person may import Nutmegs, &c. subject to Duty, in Ships duly navigated ; on Notice to Commissioners of Customs

and taking a Licence.

Licence to be granted without Fee.

III. Unshipping or landing Goods, Duties not paid or tendered

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for granting to his Majestie several additional Duties upon Coffee Tea Chocolate and Spices towards satisfaction of the debts due for Transport Sendee for the reduction of Ireland

WHEREAS for the reducing the Kingdom of Ireland to its due obedience to his Majesty several shipps of his Majesties Subjects were hired for transporting forces ammunition and provisions into the said Kingdome to the several Owners of which said shipps there Is due the sum of Three hundred thirty thousand seven hundred sixty nine pounds Tenne shillingf and Seven pence principal money as appeares by a report made to the House of Commons by the Commissioners appointed by one Act of Parliam1. made in the Fifth and Sixth yeare of the reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for appointing and enableing Commissioners to examine take and state the publick accomptf of the Kingdome Wee your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled being willing that a fund may bee raised for the answering and paying to your Majesties said subjects the several and respective owners of the said shipps interest for their said money from the First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety five for the space of three yeares after the rate of Five pounds for the interest of every hundred pounds for one whole yeare and soe proportionably for any greater or lesser sum doe hereby give and grant unto your Majesty the additional and other duties and impositions upon the several sorts of goods and merchandizes herein specified which shall bee imported into the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed dureing such time and in such manner and forme as herein after followeth and doe humbly pray your Majestie that it may be enacted. And bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That there shall bee answered and paid to his Majesty his Heires and Successors for the several Goods and Merchandizes hereafter mentioned which shall bee imported into this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed att any time after the first day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five and before the second day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety eight over and above all duties already payable for the same att the Custom House the further rates and sums following (that is to say.)

For every hundred weight of Coffee imported as aforesaid accounting One hundred and twelve pounds to the hundred Fifty six shillingf of lawfull English money.

For every hundred weight of Cocoa nuts imported and containing as aforesaid from any the Plantations belonging to the Crowme of England Fifty six shillingf.

For every hundred weight of Cocoa nuts imported and containing as aforesaid from any other Country or Place from whence they may [bee by law1] imported Foure pounds and foure shillingf of like lawfull English money.

For every pound of Chocolate ready made imported as aforesaid One shilling.

For every pound of Cocoa Paste imported as aforesaid Two shillingf.

For every pound of Tea regularly imported as aforesaid from whence the same might have been lawfully imported before the makeing of this Act One shilling.

For every pound of Tea imported as aforesaid from Holland or any other Country not the place of its growth or usuall Shipping Two shillingf and six pence per pound weight and soe proportionably for any greater or lesser quantity of any of the Comodities imported as aforesaid respectively.

For all Nutmegf Cinnamon Cloves and Mace imported as aforesaid Five pounds for every Hundred pounds value thereof according to the several values charged on them respectively in the Book of Rates and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity thereof over and above all duties now payable for the same.

For all pictures imported within the time aforesaid whether for private use or sale which are hereby permitted to bee imported during the continuance of this Act any Law or Use to the contrary notwithstanding Twenty pounds of lawffull English money per centum of the value to bee affirmed by the Oath of the Importer and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity thereof.

Provided and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may bee lawfull for any person or persons to import into the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed dureing the continuance of this Act Nutmegf Cinnamon Cloves Mace and Tea subject to the several duties payable for the same from any parts beyond the Seas in English Ships whereof the Master and att least Two thirds of the Mariners are English Men soe as notice bee first given to the Commissioners or Farmors of his Majesties Customes of the quality and quantity of the said Spices soe intended to bee imported with the name of the Shipp and Master or Commander on which they are to bee loaden and the place into which they intend to import the same and taking a Licence under the Hands of the Commissioners or Farmers of the Customes for the time being or any Three of them for the lading and importing thereof as aforesaid which Licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any Fee or Reward or any other Charge to the person demanding the same Any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any of the Commodities aforesaid whereof the duties are or shall bee due shall bee unshipped or laid on land the duties due or to bee due for the same not paid or lawfully tend red to the Collector thereof or his deputie with the consent and agreement of the Comptroller

by law be O.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.T.

585

and Surveyor there nor agreed with for the same in the Custome-house according to the true meaning of this Act That then from the said first day of May One thousand six hundred ninety five all the said Goods and Merchandizes shall bee forfeited the one moiety of the said Goods soe forfeited shall bee to his Majesties use and the other Moiety to him or them that will seize or sue for the same without any Composition whatsoever.

Provided always and bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That every Merchant or other Importer having paid the said duties and impositions in and by this Act appointed to bee paid for any of the said Goods or Merchandizes herein mentioned which might by Law have been imported before the making of this Act who being a Native shall within Twelve Months or an Alien shall within Nine months next after such his importation thereof again shipp ofF and carry out of this Kingdome or any part thereof the said Goods or Merchandizes or any part thereof to any part beyond the Seas That such Merchant or other Importer on such his exportation thereof shall bee repaid Two Thirds of the duties so by him paid by virtue of this Act of soe much of the said Goods and Merchandizes which hee shall so export or shipp off the said Merchantf or Exporter making Oath on his Debenture in hec verba that all the Goods entred and shipped as there certified are really and truely exported for parts beyond the Seas on his owne account if hee act for hiinselfe or if hee act by Commission then on the account of such person or persons for whom the Deponent act in the direction of the Voyage and that none of the said Goods have been since landed or are intended to bee relanded in England Wales or Berwick.

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid that all and every the Officer and Officers who shall bee concerned in [the1] levying collecting and receiving the duties granted by this Act doe keep a separate and distinct account thereof and pay the same in specie into the receipt of His Majesties Exchequer weekely on Wednesday in every Week unle se it bee an Holiday and if it bee then on the next day that is not an Holiday and upon neglect or refusal of the same shall incurr the penalties forfeitures damages and costs as other the Officers of the Exchequer hereinafter mentioned shall bee liable too Which money soe paid in shall bee applied to the uses hereafter mentioned in this Act and noe otherwise.

Provided and it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall bee provided and kept in his Majesties Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of [the1] Auditor of the Receiptf one book or register in which all moneys that shall bee paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall bee entred registered and kept apart and distinct from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majestie upon any other branch of his Majesties Revenue or upon any other account whatsoever And that all moneys that shall bee paid into the Exchequer by vertue of this Act shall bee the yearely fund for the several and respective purposes herein after mentioned and expressed and shall not bee applied to any other purpose whatsoever.

Provided and it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Commissioners for Transportation doe within Three months after the passing this Act make out authentick Debentures for each sum of money due to or for every respective Shipp as the same was adjusted by the Commissioners for takeing and stating the Publick Accounts of the Kingdome And that such Debenture when made out bee delivered either to the Owner of or to the Agent appeareing for every such respective Shipp and shall bee made payable to such person or his assignes as such respective Owner or his Agent shall nominate for the use of the Owners of the respective Shipps And that such Owner or Agent shall upon the receipt of such Debenture give a receipt to the said Commissioners for Transportation for every such Debenture Which said receipt shall bee entred in a Book kept for that purpose in the Office of Transportation And that such Debenture or Debentures bee numbred in course begining with the first Shipp that was hired with the Figure of One and soe successively according to the day the said Shipps were hired whether by his Majesties Commissioners for the Navy the Officers for Victualling the Officers of the Ordnance or the Commissioners for Transportation to the end that noe undue preferrence may bee made And if it soe fall out that more then One Shipp was hired in one day the respective Owner or Agent shall have his or their Debentures numbred as their respective Ships stand registred in the respective Offices where they were taken upp or hired.

Goods forfeited.

IV.

Two-thirds of Duties repaid on Re-exportation within Twelve Months, and Nine Months by Alien

on Oath that Goods are truly exported.

V.

Officers to keep a distinct Account of Duties, and pay the same in Specie weekly into the Exchequer;

Penalty.

VI.

Register kept in the Office of Auditor of Receipts of Monies paid into the Exchequer. Monies paid into the Exchequer to be the yearly Fund for the Purposes herein mentioned.

VII.

Commissioners for Transportation to make out within Three Months Debentures for Money due for each Transport. Proceedings thereon.

Debentures to be numbered in course.

If more than one Ship hired, Debentures numbered according to Registry.

Provided and it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all the said debentures shall bee produced and shewne in the said office of the Auditor of the Receipt in the Exchequer and a note or memorandum thereof shall bee entred and taken in a book to bee kept for the said purpose in the same Office And that all the moneys that shall bee paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall bee applyed to the payment of the several persons named in the [said1] several debentures and their several and respective executors administrators [and*] assignes for the uses aforesaid interest for their several and respective principal sums of money mentioned and expressed in such debentures from the Five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred ninety five for the space of Three yeares from thence next and immediately ensueing after the rate of Five pounds per centum for One whole yeare by Two equal paymentf the first payment to bee made upon the said Five and twentieth day of December.

Provided and it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if all the moneys that shall bee paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act shall not bee sufficient to satisfie and pay interest for all the said sum of Three hundred thirty thousand seven hundred sixty nine pounds ten shillingf and seven pence principal money for the

VIII. Debentures to be produced and shown in the Office of Auditor of the Receipt.

How Monies paid into the Exchequer applied.

Interest at £$ per Cent, per Ann. payable Half-yearly.

IX. Deficiency of Monies raised to pay the Interest to be borne

1 interlined on the Roll.

* 0. omits.

' or O.

7 K

6°&7° Gul. & Mar. c.7, 8.

A.D. 1694.

proportionably to the Amount of Debt.

X.

Officers of the Exchequer diverting or misapplying Monies

Forfeiture of Office, Incapacity, and Penalty.

Orders, Sec. for issuing or paying Money contrary to Act, void.

said space of Three yeares at the said rate of Five pounds per centum for One whole yeare then [shall there'] bee noe preference of any of the said persons named in the said debentures but such deficiency shall fall upon the said persons named in the said debentures their several and respective executors administrators and assignes ratably and proportionably according to the quantity of their respective debts mentioned in the said debentures.

Provided and it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Officer in the Exchequer shall divert or misapply any of the moneys that shall bee paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this Act to any other uses or purposes then are hereby directed then such Officer soe offending shall forfeit his office in the Excheq^ and bee incapable of any office or place of trust and shall bee lyable to pay the double value of any sum or sums soe diverted or misapplied to any of the said persons named in the said debentures their respective executors administrators or assignes who will sue for the same by any action of debt bill plaint or information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe essoign protection wager of law priviledge of parliament Or other priveledge or more then one imparlance shall bee granted or allowed And all orders and warranty for issueing paying or disposeing any of the [moneys1] to bee raised by virtue of this Act contrary to the true intent and meaning [thereof3] shall bee utterly void.

XI.

Proviso respecting Assignments of Debts to Owners of Transports, and respecting Authority to receive the same.

Interest of g£6 per Cent, per Ann.

Limitation of Redemption.

Provided and it is further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid That all such of the said debts due to any Owners of such Transport ships and all parts of such debts as have been att any time assigned or

granted or covenanted and agreed to bee assigned or granted or for which any authority hath heretofore been

given or granted by any of the said owners their respective executors or administrators to any person or persons to receive the same or any part thereof to the use of such person soe authorized or any other person besides such owner his or her executors or administrators shall and may bee redeemed and are hereby declared to bee

redeemable by the said Owners their respective executors or administrators on payment of the principal sum of

money paid in consideration of makeing the said assignment grant covenant or authority together with the charges

and interest for the same from the time of the payment thereof after the rate of Six pounds per centum for

One whole yeare discounting for what hath been received for or in respect of the said debt by any such person

to whom such assignment or authority was made or given and upon payment or tender of the said principal money interest and charges such grant assignement or authority and all covenantf and agreementf concerning the same shall bee void. Provided neverthelesse that such redemption as aforesaid bee made within the space of Twelve months from and after the end of this present Session of Parliament.

XII.

No Fee taken of Owners of Transports for Debentures, Books, &c. by Officers of Exchequer.

Forfeiture of Office,

Incapacity,

Penalty.

Provided and bee it further enacted That noe fee reward or gratuity directly or indirectly shall bee demanded or taken of any of the said Owners or Agents their respective Executors Administrators or Assignes for the making any the said debentures or the payment of any of the said monies or for providing or making of any books registers or entries or permitting any views or (*) searches relateing to this Act by any of his Majesties Officers in the Excheq^ upon paine of forfeiting their offices and places and of becoming incapable of any office of trust and upon pain of payment of treble the value of any such fee reward or gratuity to the party grieved with costs of suit the same treble value to bee recovered by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster w'herein noe essoigne protection priveledge wager of law injunction or order [ofJ] restraint shall bee in any wise granted or allowed.

XIII.

Officer of the Customs may accept Recompense for Services rendered to Merchant, as Commissioners may determine.

And whereas it may bee a reasonable accomodation for trade that the Officers of the Customs bee permitted on sundry urgent occasions to work att times and places not required by law for which extraordinary attendances the merchant or other person concerned is willing to make a moderate allowance if the Officer might bee justified in receiving the same Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may bee lawfull for any Officer duely imployed in the execution of his office on any extraordinary service not required by law to take and receive such recompence from the merchant or other person desireing his attendance as the Commissioners of the Customes in the Port of London and the Collector Customer and Comptroller in the Out ports or any Two of them respectively (by whom the sufferance is thought requisite to bee granted) shall determine.

CHAPTER VIII.

Rot. Parl. pi. 3. nu. 2.

An Act for continuing Two former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert his Majesties service & for punishing false musters and for payment of quarters for one yeare longer.

Recital of

4&5 (4) W. & M.

c.13.;

and that the same was continued by 5&6 W. & M. c. 15*5

WHEREAS an A & was made in the Fourth and Fifth yeares of the Reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert [His6] Majesties service and for punishing false musters and for payment of quarters to continue and bee in force until the First day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety three and noe longer Which Act by art Ad made

in the last session of this present Parliament intituled An Act for continuing [an7 ] Act for punishing Officers and

• there shall 0. or 0.

0 Money O. B Their O.

s hereof O. • the O.

♦ or ().-

A. ZX1694.

6° & 7° Gdl. & Mar. c. 8.

587

Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties service and for punishing false musters and for the payment

of quarters for One yeare longer was declared and enacted to bee and continue in full force and virtue from the

said First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety three until the First day of March in the yeare of

our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety foure and noe longer. And whereas the raiseing or keeping a standing dm a Standing

army within this Kingdom in time of peace (unlesse it bee with consent of Parliament) is against law. And Con2rtofIOttt

whereas it is judged necessary by his Majestic and this present Parliament that dureing this time of warr several *>ar!"™e£^*

of the forces which are now on foot should bee continued and others raised for the safety of this Kingdom

for the common defence of the Protestant Religion and for the carrying on the warr against France. And and^hat L*w

whereas noe man may bee forejudged of life or limb or subject to any kind of punishment by Martial Law or punished by Martial

in any other manner then by the judgement of his peers and according to the knowne and established laws of Law-

this Realme Yett neverthelesse it being requisite for the retaining such forces as are or shall bee raised dureing Reasons for passing

this exigence of affaires in their duty that an exact discipline bee observed and that Soldiers who shall mutiny lh,s Aa*

or stirr upp sedition or shall desert his Majesties service bee brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment

then the usual forms of law will allow. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with

the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled

and by the authority of the same That the said Act made in the Fourth and Fifth yeares of the reigne of King 4&5(+)W. & M.

William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their

Majesties service and for punishing false musters and for payment of quarters and every clause matter and thing *oth April

therein contained shall bee and continue and is hereby declared and enacted to bee and continue in full force

and virtue to all intentf constructions and purposes from the Tenth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety

five until the Tenth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety six and noe longer And that in all and

every the clauses in the said first recited Act wherein there is any commencement of time expressed to bee from

the Tenth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety two the same shall bee construed by virtue of this

Act to bee accounted from the Tenth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety five And in any clause

wherein the like time shall bee expressed to bee between the said Tenth day of March One thousand six hundred

ninety two and the First day of March One thousand six hundred ninety three the same shall bee by virtue

of this Act intended to bee between the Tenth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety five and the Tenth

day of April then next ensueing Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

• t

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every the clauses articles matters and things II.

contained in the said recited A Cl made in the last session of this present Parliament intituled An Act for continuing \ , ? COnUnued the Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties service and for punishing ^rom ioth April false musters and for the payment of quarters for One yeare longer shall bee and continue and are hereby declared Apnl usSs.10*1 and enacted to bee and continue in full force and virtue to all intentf constructions and purposes from the said Tenth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety five until the said Tenth day of April which shall bee in the

yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety six and noe longer.

III.

Provided always and bee it further enacted That noe Officer of the Regiment belonging to the President Officer of Regiment

of a General Court Marshal shall sitt [and *] vote in any tryal to bee had by virtue of this Act or in giveing any Prcridenf of

Judgement thereupon. Court Martial not

or to sit on Trial.

Provided always and bee it enacted That if any Officer of his Majesties Army shall take or cause to bee iv.

taken or knowingly suffer to bee taken any money of any Inn-holder or Victualler or the inhabitant of any Aray^akb*

Publick-House allowed by the said first recited Act for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers or the diet Money of

small beer hay or straw for them or any of them thereby respectively allowed to bee taken upon credit in for excuring

quarters every such Officer upon complaint thereof made upon oath to any Justice of the Peace within Five days Quartering or

after which oath such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required to administer and by warrant under

his hand and seal to compel the Offender to come before him or any other of his Majesties Justices of the Compelled to , r i i . t . . . _ ,. come before Justice

Peace of the place where such Officer shall bee found to enter into a recognizance in any sum not exceeding of Peace, and enter

Forty pounds to appeare in his Majesties Court of Kings-Bench att a time named to answer such action as shall

bee brought against him for the said offence by bill plaint or information And if upon the tryal of such action a Court of King's

verdict shall passe for the Plaintiff or if for default of plea to the said action or by the Defendant confession aS^10 anwrer

judgement shall be given for the Plaintiff in such case the Plaintiff shall recover double damages together with Dout,ic Damages

double costs of suit And moreover the said Defendant after such conviction shall bee ipso facto cashiered and a"d

made incapable of serving his Majestie in any Military imployment whatsoever And if the Plaintiffe in any such ^fc8a^tyand

action shall bee nonsuit or a verdict passe against him or her or shall discontinue his or her action respectively such If Plaintiff nonsuit,

Plaintiffe shall pay to the Defendant the like costs which the said Court is hereby authorized to tax and award. c t t

Defendant.

And to prevent the great mischief of buying and selling Military Employment^ in His Majesties Armies Bee it V.

enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Commission Officer which shall bee hereafter imployed in His

Majesties Military Sendee shall before hee bee mustred and his Commission registred in the Office of the Commissary Muller and

General of the Musters take the Oath following upon the Evangelistf expressing therein the Name and Quality ^iered^to

of the Office and the Name of the Colonel and the Regiment whether of Horse Foot or Dragoons (that is lake the following

° Oath.

to say

1 or 0.

588

6° & 7° Gu l. & Mar. c. 8.

A.D. 1694.

VI.

Justice of Peace in London, Westminster, or Southwark, upon Request, ncelefting, &c. to oc present at Muster

Penalty

Limitation of such Action.

m

Every Person listed after loth April 1695 to give his free Consent.

VIII. Paymaster not to issue Money to Agent*, &c. by virtue of Pow^r of Attorney from Colonel, &c. till Bond given

Condition of Bond.

IX.

Memorial thereof to be entered.

X.

No Allowance to Colonel, fee. on Account for Money alleged to have been advanced by him.

XI. Paymaster, on Certificate under

4 &5 (4) W.& M.

c. 13. of Money due for Quarters, to pay same out of Subsistence Money.

XII.

Officers and Soldiers of Regiments of Horse, quartered in Bills of Mortality, with Pay augmented, to pay Sd. a Night for Hay for each Horse.

XIII. Mayors, &c. to provide themselves with this Act, and

A. B. doe hereby declare That I have neither directly nor indirectly by my selfe or any one for me with my knowledge given or promised hereafter to give any sum of money present gift or reward to any person or persons whatsoever for obtaining my Commission to bee in the Regiment of

commanded by other then the usual Fee to the Secretary of State or the Secretary of the

Commander in Chief of the Armie counter-signeing such Commission Soe helpe mee God

Which Oath the said Commissary General or any of his Deputies are hereby required and impowered to administer and in the entring of the said Commission to insert a Memorial of the administring of the said Oath. Provided neverthelesse if the Officer bee of any Troop or Company not regimented the Colonels Name shall bee omitted in the said Oath.

Provided always and bee it enacted That if any Justice of Peace in the City of London or Westminster or the Liberties thereof or in the Borough of Southwark shall upon request to him or them respectively made by any Commissary or Muster-Master or other Officer thereunto appointed neglect or refuse to bee present att any Muster of Officers and Soldiers to bee made by virtue of this Act every such Justice Mayor or Magistrate offending therein shall forfeit for such offence the sum of Five pound? to any Person or Persons that shall sue for the same to bee recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majesties Court? of Record att Westminster or att the Assizes to bee held for the Counties or Places where the Offence shall bee committed respectively wherein noe Essoigne Protection Aid Prayer or Wager of Law shall bee allowed nor any more then one Imparlance. Provided neverthelesse That such Action shall bee commenced and prosecuted within Six Months after the Offence committed and not otherwise.

Provided always That noe Person that shall bee listed for the Land Service att any time after the Tenth day of April in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and five shall bee esteemed a listed Soldier or bee subject to the Pains and Penalties of this Act or any other Penalty for his Behaviour as a Soldier though hee shall bee brought before a Petty Constable in the Hundred or Division where hee shall bee listed and before the said Petty Constable doe declare his free Consent to bee listed or mustred as a Soldier Any thing in the last before recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Pay Master of His Majesties Forces for the time being shall not after the Tenth Day of May One thousand six hundred ninety five issue or pay or cause to bee issued or paid any sum or sums of money to any Agent Clerk or other Person or Persons whatsoever by virtue of any Letter of Attorney or any other Authority from any Colonel or other Officer commanding any Regiment Troop Company or Garrison in His Majesties pay until such Person or Persons shall give Bond or Bond? to His Majestie in such sum or sums and with Two or more such sufficient Sureties as shall bee approved by the Lord? Commissioners of the Tresury or Lord High Tresurer of England for the time being the condition of which Bond shall bee for answering the sums soe by him or them to bee received and for the due issuing the same according to the directions of this present Act or any Establishment Regulation or Warrant signed or to bee signed by His Majestie.

And bee it further enacted That a Memorial of the said Bond and Security shall bee entred in the Office of the Pay-Master General of the Armie before any money shall bee issued to any such Person as aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Colonel or other Officer or Agent shall in Account? by him or them drawne upp or stated bee allowed any sum or sums of money upon pretence that the same hath been by him or them advanced or lent to any Officer or Soldier att any time after the Tenth day of [Aril1] One thousand six hundred ninety five.

Provided always and bee it enacted That the Pay-Master or Pay-Masters of His Majesties Army for the time being to whom any Certificate of the Justices of Peace shall bee made as in the said first recited Act is directed of any sum or sums of money due and owing for Quarters to any Inhabitant Innholder Victualler or other House hereby allowed to quarter Soldiers shall satisfie & pay the same out of the full Subsistence due and payable to the persons concerned or otherwise as in and by the said Act it is appointed upon the penalty losse and forfeiture therein provided.

Provided always and bee it enacted That when any Regiment? or Troops of Horse shall bee quartered in the City of Westminster or the Liberties of London or Westminster or in the Borough of Southwark or any other of the Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and have the Soldiers Pay augmented by reason of such their quartering every Officer [or1] Soldier in or of any such Regiment or Troop dureing their quartering in the said Places or any of them shall pay flight pence a Night for the Hay of each Horse Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always and bee it enacted That for the better Knowledge of the Content? of this Act and the good Provision therein made to prevent disorders in the marches and quartering of Soldiers and otherwise every Mayor Bailiff or Bailiff? or other Chief Officer of every City and Markett Towne in the Realme of England Dominion

• Aprill 0.

3 and 0.

A.D. 1694.

589

6°&ThGul. & Mar. c. 8, 9.

of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed shall att or before the Feast of Saint John Baptist next provide 4& 5 & M.

himselfe or themselves of this Act and the Act made in the Fourth and Fifth Yeares of the (‘) of King William and be'printed with ° Queen Mary intituled An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Marginal Notes; Service and for punishing false Musters and the Payment of Quarters Which Act shall bee printed with Marginal Notes to explain the Clauses therein and for which there shall bee paid a Peny for every printed Sheet and Price thereof, noe more.

Provided always That in any Towne in the Places aforesaid where there shall bee noe Mayor Bailiffe or other Magistrate above a Constable the Constable Tythingman or Headborough of the Parish shall provide the same and bee reimbursed out of the Rates to bee charged in the Parish whereof hee (*) is Officer for passing Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggars to the House of Correction by virtue of one Act made in the Thirteenth and Foureteenth Yeares of King Charles the Second intituled An Act for the better Relief of the Poor which Payment by virtue of this Act shall bee included in the said Rates.

XIV. Where no Mayor, &c. then the Constable to provide the same, and be reimbursed out of Rates for passing Rogues and Vagabonds, imposed by 13 & 14 Car. II. c. 12.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for appointing and enableing Commissioners to examine take and state the Publick Accounts.

FOR the better knowledge exalacftn and stating the Accounts of the Receiptf Issues and Distribution of the Publick Revenue of the Crowne of England and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging and the due Encouragement of the People of this Realme to pay the Taxes and Paymentf by Act of Parliament imposed on them for the maintenance and prosecution of the present Warr against France and the Support of His Majesties Government. Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That Robert Harley Esq^ Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Henry Boyle Esq^ Charles Hutchinson Esq^ Sir Thomas Pope Blount Barronett Sir John Thompson Barronett and Paul Foley F.sq^ Speaker of the House of Commons shall bee and are hereby constituted Commissioners for examining taking and stating [of3] the Accounts of all money of the said Publick Revenue of the Crowne and all other Accounts which were by one Act of Parliament made in the Second Yeare of the Reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine take and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdome And one other Act made in the Fourth and Fifth Yeares of the Reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for examining taking and stating the publick Accounts of this Kingdom And one other Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Yeares of their said Majesties Reigne intituled An Act for appointing and enableing Commissioners to examine take and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdome to bee taken exaied and stated by the respective Commissioners by the said Aftf or any of them constituted or any Five Foure or more of them respectively authorized by virtue of the same or any of them And that the said Aftf & every Clause Matter and Thing therein contained not hereby altered shall bee and are hereby revived and continued in full force and virtue to all intentf construftions and purposes whatsoever from the Foure and twentieth day of April in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five to the Five and twentieth day of April which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and six And shall bee executed with all the powers and authorities in them and every of them respectively contained by the Commissioners herein named or any Foure or more of them And that the Lords Commissioners of the Tresury or Lord High Tresurer of England for the time being shall and are hereby authorized and required to issue and pay or cause to bee issued and paid the like yearely allowances for payment of Clerkf and other Charges as are in the first recited Act directed and the like quarterly paymentf to every of the said Commissioners hereby constituted as are appointed to bee paid to the Commissioners therein named And the said Comissioners by this Act constituted as aforesaid or any Foure or more of them shall and are hereby impowered to take Accounts of all moneys granted to His Majestie by one Act made in this psent Session of Pliament intituled An Act for granting to His Majestie an Aid of Foure Shillingf in the pound for One Yeare and for applying the yearely sum of Three hundred thousand pounds for Five yeares out of the Duties of Tunnage and Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported for carrying on the Warr against France with vigour and of all other moneys that have been or shall bee granted to His Majesty in this present Session of Parliament And of all other His Majesties Treasure or other publick money due or payable to their said Majesties on the Fifth day of November One thousand six hundred eighty eight or to their said Majesties or either of them att any time between the said Fifth day of November and the said [Twenty fifth4] day of April which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and six not yet accounted for by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Aftf or either of them or the last Clause touching publick Accounts made and enacted in one Act made in the Third yeare of the Reigne of their said Majesties King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for raising money by a Poll payable quarterly for one yeare for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Rot. Parl. pt. 3. nu. 3.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Names of Commissioners for taking the Public Accounts.

2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 11.

4 5 (4) W. & M.

c. 11.

S&6 W. & M.

023.

The said Acts, so far as not hereby altered, revived and continued for One Year.

Treasury to issue and pay Allowances to Clerks, &c. as by 2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c. II.

Commissioners to take Accounts of Monies granted by c. 3. ante, and of all other Monies granted in the present Session, and of all other Public Money payable as herein mentioned.

unaccounted for in pursuance of the aforesaid Act, or the last Clause in 3 W. & M. c. 6.

1 Reign O.

* an O.

interlined on the Roll.

* Fire and twentieth O.

7 L

A.D. 1694.

ii.

Two of the said Commissioners, before they execute the Office, to take the following Oath;

and the other Commissioners to take the same Oath before the said Two Commissioners.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. nu. 4.

Recital of 9 H. V. Stat. 1. c. io.and3oCar. II. Stat. 1. c. 8. § 2,

and that new Frauds had arisen.

Commissioners to be appointed from time to time for marking Keels, See.

Admeasurement how and where to be made.

Weight and Contents of Wains and Carts of Coals regulated.

II.

Commissioners to give Three Days' notice of time and place of Admeasurement. Keels, &c. to be marked and nailed. Wains and Carts to be marked and nailed.

Persons thereto appointed to take an Oath.

Owners neglecting,

&c.

6°&T° Gul. & Mae. c. 9, 10.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That Two of the said Commissioners first named in this Act before they enter upon the Execution of the same shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or Master of the Rolls for the time being which they and either of them are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer to them the Tenor whereof shall bee as followeth (that is to say.

I A.B. doe sweare That according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge I shall faithfully impartially and truely demcane my selfe in examining and taking the Account? of all such sum or sums of money and other thing? brought or to bee brought before mee in execution of one Act intituled An Act for appointing and enableing Commissioners to examine take and state the publick Account? according to the tenor and purport of the said Act.

And every other of the said Commissioners hereby constituted before hec enters upon the Execution of the said Act shall likewise take the same Oath before the said Two Commissioners herein first named who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same unto them after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel-Boat? in the Port of Newcastle & the Members

thereunto belonging.

WHEREAS by two several Statutes heretofore made the one in the Ninth yeare of the Reigne of King Henry the Fifth intituled Keels that carry Coals att Newcastle shall bee measured and marked And the other in the Thirtieth yeare of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second intituled An Act for the Admeasurement of Keels and Boat? carrying Coals For the remedy of deceit? therein complained off (amongst other thing?) itt was thereby enacted that Commissioners should from time to time bee appointed by his said late Majestie his Heires and Successors for the admeasuring and marking all and every the Keels and other Boat? and Wains and Cart? used or in any time thereafter to bee used for the carriage of Coals in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne Sunderland upon the River Weare Culler-Coates Seaton-Sluce Blyth-Nooke and all and every of the Members Havens Creek? and Places whatsoever to the said Port of Newcastle belonging upon the Forfeiture that every Keel Boat Wain or Cart which should thereafter carry Coals in any of the aforesaid Places before they shall bee admeasured and marked as aforesaid should bee forfeited together with the Coals laden upon them Notwithstanding which diverse new fraud? deceit? and abuses have of late arisen and are dayly praftised to the diminution of his Majesties Customes and the great prejudice Sc damage of the buyers and sellers of Coals. For remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the King? most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That Commissioners shall from time to time bee appointed by his Majestie his Heires & Successors for the admeasuring and marking all and every the Keels Pan-Keels and Pan-Boat? and other Boat? and Wains and Cart? used or in any time hereafter to bee used for the Carriage of Coals in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne Sunderland upon the River Weare Culler-Coat? Seaton-Sluce Blyth-Nooke and all other Places within the Counties of Northumberland and Durham and all and every the Members Havens Rivers Creek? and Places whatsoever to the said Port of Newcastle and Counties aforesaid belonging Which said admeasurement shall bee by a dead weight of Lead or Iron or otherwise as shall seem meet to the said Commissioners or any Three of them allowing Three and fifty hundred weight to every Chaldron of Coals Which said Keels Boat? Waines or Cart? shall bee admeasured and marked att the rimes and places and in manner hereafter mentioned Any thing in the said former Act? to the contrary notwithstanding. Provided always That the Weight or Content? of Coals loden or carried by every such Wain shall bee off the weight or content of Seventeen hundred weight and an halfe and the weight or content? of Coals loden or carried by every such Cart shall bee of the weight or content of Eight hundred and three quarters And that Three such Waines or Six such Cart? shall bee reckoned and allowed for one Chaldron and noe more And that noe other [Cart? or Wains']] are hereby intended to bee admeasured or marked but onely such Wains or Cart? as now are or hereafter shall bee imployed in carrying Coals to the Staiths to bee directly putt from the Staiths into the Ships and noe others.

• t

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Commissioners or any three or more of them shall cause all and every of the said Keels Boat? Wains and Cart? to bee admeasured accordingly and shall give three days notice of the time and place of such admeasurement to the Owner or Owners thereof and cause the said Keels and Boat? soe admeasured to bee marked and nailed on each side the stem and steme and midshipp thereof or otherwise as they the said Commissioners or any Three of them in their discretion shall direct and the said Wains and Citrt? to bee marked and nailed on the head and sides of the said Waines Cart? or otherwise as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall direct or by such persons as [they1] shall bee by them thereunto appointed which persons soe appointed shall take an oath before the said Commissioners or any Three of them for the true and impartial performance and discharging the same which oath the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer and if the owner or owners of such Keels or Boat? Wains or Cart? shall after such

Waines or Carts 0.

* 0 omits.

A.D. 1694.

591

6°&T° Gul. & Mar. c. 10, 11.

notice neglect or refuse to have their said Keels Boats Wains or Carts soe admeasured they and every of them shall incurr the penalty hereafter mentioned. Provided that noe such Keel or Boat bee admeasured marked or nailed but between the Five and twentieth day of March and the Nine and twentieth day of September in any yeare nor shall bee admeasured marked or nailed to carry more then ten such chaldrons of Coals att any one time and that all such Keels and Boats belonging to the Port of Newcastle shall bee admeasured marked and nailed at the New Key of the said Port and that the Keels and Boats belonging to the River Wear shall bee admeasured marked and nailed att Lanibton Staiths upon the said River and not elsewhere and that all the Keels and Boates belonging to Culler-coates Seaton-sluce Blyth-nooke and all other places within the said Counties of Northumberland and Durham as alsoe all Wains and Carts to bee admeasured and marked by virtue of this Act shall bee admeasured and marked att such times and places as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall direct.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Keel Boat Wain or Cart which from and after the Foure and twentieth day of July which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred ninety and five shall carry any Coals in any of the Places aforesaid before they shall bee admeasured marked and nailed as aforesaid by Three Commissioners or more of them shall bee and are hereby declared to bee forfeited together with the Coals that shall bee laden upon them (unlesse the same shall happen by default of the said Commissioners) one moiety of all which forementioned forfeitures shall bee to the Kings Majestie his heires and successors the other moiety to him or them that shall discover or sue for the same in any of his Majesties

Courts of Record by Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoign Protection (') or Wager of Law shall bee allowed

any Statute Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That in case after the [admeasurement *] marking and nailing of any Keel Boat Wain or Cart the mark shall bee removed or altered whereby to frustrate the intent and meaning of this Act that every person and persons that shall have a hand in or bee privy to the doeing thereof and shall upon proof thereof by one or more credible witnesses before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Counties where the said offence shall happen to bee comitted & convicted thereof such person or persons soe as aforesaid convicted shall forfeit the sum of Ten pounds to bee levied upon his or their Goods and Chattels by distress and sale thereof by warrant under the hand and seale of the said Justice or Justices rendring the overplus (if any) to the partie or parties distrained upon and for want of sufficient distresse the parties soe offending shall

by like warrant bee committed to the common Gaol of the said County where the offence shall bee committed

there to remaine for the space of Three months without bail or mainprize one halfe part of the said forfeiture to his Majestic his heires and successors and the other halfe part thereof to such person or persons as shall make

such discovery and alsoe that after any such offence as aforesaid committed by altering or removing any of the

marks or nails that shall bee sett upon any such Keels Boats Wains or Carts by virtue of this Act that from

thenceforth and soe often as any such offence shall bee comitted as aforesaid the said Comissioners or any Three

of them or such person or persons as shall bee by them appointed shall have authority and are hereby authorized and impowered to admeasure mark and nail the said Keels Boats Wains and Carts anew according to the directions hereby before given.

CHAPTER XI.

An Act for the more effectuall suppressing prophane Cursing and Swearing.

WHEREAS it is found by experience that an Act of Parliament made in the One and twentieth yeare of the reigne of King James the First entituled An Act to prevent and reforme prophane [cursing and swearing3] hath proved ineffectual to the suppressing (4) those detestable sins by reason of some deficiencies in the said Act Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the I,ordf Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That if any person or persons shall (after the Foure and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five) prophanely sweare or curse in the presence or hearing of any Justice of Peace of the County Riding or Division or of the Mayor or other Head Officer or Justice of Peace for any City or Towne Corporate where such offence is or shall bee committed or that shall [thereof bee3] convicted by oath of one witnesse or by the confession of the party offending before any Justice of Peace of the County or Mayor or Bayliffe or other Chief Officer or Justice of Peace of such City or Towne Corporate where the said offence shall bee comitted that then for every such offence the party soe offending shall forfeit and pay to the use of the poor of the Parish where such offence or offences shall bee comitted the respective sums herein after menebned (that is to say) Every servant day labourer common soldier and comon seaman One shilling and every other person Two shillingf and in case any of the persons aforesaid shall after conviction offend a second time such person shall forfeit and pay double and if a third time treble the sum respectively by him or her to bee paid for the first offence.

Penalty.

Regulation as to Time and Place of such admeasuring, marking, and nailing.

HI.

Keels, Wains, &c. earn ing Coals before they are marked and nailed, unless by Default of Commissioners, forfeited together with the Coals therein.

IV.

The Marks on Keels, Wains, &c. removed or altered;

Penalty ^io. Distress.

If no sufficient Distress, Imprisonment in County Gaol for Three Mouths. How Penalty applied.

Such Keels, Wains, See. remeasured, marked, and nailed.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4.

nu. 1.

Recital of 21 Jac. I. c. 20.

Persons swearing.

Penalties according to the Degrees of the Persons.

' Imparlance O. ♦ of 0.

• admeasuring O.

* be thereof 0.

5 swearing and cursing O.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 11, 12.

A.D. 169 4.

u.

Penalties to be levied by Distress.

If no Distress, Offender to be put in the Stocks.

Offender under 16 not paying the Penalty, to be whipped.

III.

Justice of Peace, &c. not executing the Act

Penalty £$.

IV.

Action for executing Act, General Issue, &c.

Treble Costs.

V.

Limitation of Actions.

VI.

Act to be read Four Times a Year in Churches.

VII.

Justices, &c. to registcrConviftions, and certify to Quarter Sessions.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4.

nu. 2.

Recital that Doubts had arisen on

5&6 W. & M. c.2l.

Recognizances before Justice of Peace, Copies of Surrenders, Marriage Certificates of Seamen's Widows, Proceedings of Court Martial on Common Soldier, Decrees, &c. of Commissioners of Sewers and Court of Stannaries exempted from Stamp Duties j

And it is hereby further enacted That upon neglect or refusal of payment of the said forfeiture any Justice of Peace of the County Riding or Division or Mayor or other Head Officer or Justice of Peace of any City or Towne Corporate where the said offences shall bee comitted shall and are hereby authorized and required to direct and send his warrant to the Constable Tythingman Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the Parish where the offence shall bee committed or where the Offender shall inhabitt thereby commanding them or some one or more of them to levy by distresse and sale of the Goods of the offender the sum soe forfeited for the use of the Poor of the Parish as aforesaid and in case noe such distresse can bee had then every such offender being above the age of Sixteen yeares shall by warrant under the hand and scale of the said Justice of Peace or other Officer as aforesaid bee publickly sett in the stocks for the space of one houre for every single offence and for any number of offences whereof hee shall bee convicted att one and the same time then two hours and if the party offending bee under the age of Sixteen years and shall not forthwith pay the said forfeitures then hee or shee shall by warrant as aforesaid bee whipped by the Constable or by the Parent Guardian or Master of such Offender in the presence of the Constable.

And bee it further enacted That if any Justice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate shall wilfully and wittingly omitt the performance of his duty in the execution of this Act hee shall forfeit the sum of Five pounds the one moiety to the use of the informer to bee recovered by Action Suit Bill or Plaint in any of his Majesties Courts att Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall bee allowed nor any more then one Imparlance.

And it is hereby further enacted That if any action or suit shall bee comenced or brought against any Justice of Peace Constable or other Officer or Person whatsoever for doeing or causing to bee done any thing in pursuance of this Act concerning the said offences the [the1] Defendant in such Action may plead the General Issue and give the special matter in evidence And if upon such Action verdict bee given for the defendant or the Plaintiffe become nonsuit or discontinue his Action then the Defendant shall have treble costs.

Provided always and it is hereby enacted That noe person shall bee prosecuted or troubled for any offence against this Statute unlesse the same bee proved or prosecuted within Ten days next after the offence committed.

And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That this Act shall bee publickly read Foure several times in the yeare in all Parish Churches and all publick Chappells by the Parson Vicar or Curate of the respective Parishes or Chappies immediately after Morning Prayer on Foure several Sundays (that is to say) the Sunday next after the Foure and twentieth day of June the Nine and twentieth day of September the Five and twentieth day of December & the Five and twentieth day of March under the pain of Twenty shilling^ for every such omission or neglect.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Justice of Peace Mayor or other Head Officer shall register in a Book to bee kept for that purpose all the convictions made before him upon this Act and the time of making thereof and for what offence and shall certifie the same to the next general Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County or Place where the offences are committed to bee there kept upon record by the respective Clerkf of the Peace to bee seen without fee or reward.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for explaineing and regulateing several Doubts Duties and Penalties in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Velum Parchment and Paper and for ascertaining the Admeasurement of the Tunnage of Ships

WHEREAS several doubt? and difficulties are arisen upon the interpretation of several Clauses in an Act of Parliament made in the Fifth and Sixth yeares of the reigne of their Majesties King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several duties upon Velum Parchment and Paper for Four yeares toward? carrying on the Warr against France. For (l) explaining and remedying the said doubt? and difficulties Bee it enacted by the King? most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parham', assembled and by authority of the same That the said Act nor any clause therein contained shall bee construed to charge with any duty specified in the said Act any warrant made by or recognizance taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace or any surrender of any Coppyhold Estate or Coppies for such Estate or any certificate of marriage of Widdow of any Seaman or any proceeding^ of any Court Marshall which relate to [the3] tryal of any common Soldier or any orders decrees or proceeding? before any Commissioners of Sewers or in the Court of Stannaries but the said warrant? recognizances surrenders coppies certificates orders decrees and proceeding? shall and are hereby declared to bee exempted from the payment of any the duties mentioned in the said Act.

* 0. omits.

* the O.

3 any O.

A.D. 1694.

6° &7° Gul. & Mar. c. 12.

593

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the clause in the said Act whereby

the duty of Forty shilling? is laid upon the register or entry of any degree in any of the two Universities shall

not extend to charge with the said duty of Forty shilling? the register or entry of any Batchelor of Art? who is hereby exempted from the payment thereof.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the clause in the said Act whereby the duty of Forty shilling? is laid upon Letters Patent? shall not extend to Comissions of Rebellion in Processe

but that the Commissions of Rebellion shall bee and are hereby exempted from the said duty of Forty

shilling?.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the clause in the said Act whereby the duty of Forty shilling? is laid upon Admittances of Officers in any Court whatsoever shall not bee extended to charge any annual Officer in any Corporation or inferiour Court whose Office is under the value of Tenn pound? per annum in salaries fees or other perquisitt? but the said annual Officer is hereby exempted and discharged from the said duty.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the Officers att sea shall pay the same duty that the Officers (') att land pay and noe more Any thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the penalty of Five hundred pound? mentioned in the said Act shall noe longer stand and bee in force but is hereby altered and changed into the penalty of Five pound? onely and that for the future in all cases where by the said Act the offender was to forfeit Five hundred pound? hee shall forfeit no more then Five pound? to bee recovered with Cost? of Suit any thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That all persons that have already incurred the said penalty of Five hundred pound? upon any clause in the said Act (*) and are hereby pardoned indeinpnified and discharged from the said forfeiture of Five hundred pound? and every part thereof and of and from any prosecution thereupon Any thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the better distribution of the said Velum Parchment and Paper and that the Subjett? may have the

same with- more conveniency and att an easier rate then formerly Bee. it enacted by the authority aforesaid That

the Lord High Tresurer of England or Commissioners of his Majesty's Tresury for the time being shall once in the yeare att least sett the prices of all sort? of stampt Velum Parchment and Paper that it shall bee sold att And that the Comissioners appointed for putting the said Act in execution shall stamp the said price soe sett upon

every [piece or skin3] of Velum or Parchment or sheet or piece of paper soe by them to bee sold And that

the said Comissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every person that shall bring Velum Parchment or Paper to bee stampt (the duty whereof shall amount to the sum of Ten pound? or upward?) after the rate of Six pound? in the Hundred pound? per annum for Three months upon present payment of the said duty upon the said Velum Parchment & Paper soe by them brought And that any persons that shall buy of the said Commissioners or their Agent? Velum Parchment or Paper the Duty whereof amount? to the like sum of Ten pound? or upward? shall have the same allowance of Six pound? in the hundred pound?.

And whereas great inconveniences and discouragement? to Trade and Navigation are found by admeasuring of Ships and Vessels according to the Att made in the Fifth and Sixth yeares of the reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several rates and duties upon Tunnage of Ships and Vessels and upon Beer Ale and other Liquors for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of Fifteen hundred thousand pound? toward? carrying on the War against France Bee it enatted That from and after the First day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five all Ships and Vessells shall bee measured in order to the paying the duty imposed by the said Act by taking the length of the Keel of every Ship or Vessel soe much as she tread? on the Ground and the breadth to bee taken within Board by the Midshipp Beam from Plank to Plank and halfe that breadth shall bee accounted for the depth of every Ship or Vessell then multiply the length by the breadth and the produtt thereof by the depth and divide the whole by Ninety foure and the quotient shall give the true contents of the Tunnage which such Ship shall pay for Any thing in the said recited Att to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said First day of June there shall not bee raised levied colletted or paid for the use of his Majestic his Heires or Successors for the Tunnage of any Shipp or Vessell within the time in the said Act mentioned trading Coastwise any other or greater sum or rate then for soe many Tuns of Good? as are or shall be [attually4] laden on board such Shipp or Vessell Any thing in the said Act contained to the contray thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1 of the army O. * shall be O. * skin or peice 0. * attuall 0.

7 M

II.

Also Degree in the University.

m.

Also Commissions of Rebellion.

IV.

Also Admittance of Officers in inferior Courts, &c.

V.

Sea Officers to pay as Land Officers.

VI.

500 Penalty charged into £5.

VII.

Persons who have incurred £$00 Penalty, pardoned.

VIII.

Prices to be annually set by Treasury, and stamped upon the Parchment.

£6 per Cent. Allowance for ready Money.

IX.

Recital of Inconveniences arising from 5&6 W. & M.C.20.

Another Way of measuring Ships appointed.

X.

T unnage Coastwise shall be paid only for Goods actually laden.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.13, 14.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4. nu. 3*

Recital of

13& i4Car.il. c.3.

$7-

and that upon the Invasion by the French, it was necessary to draw out Soldiers, though Month's Pay not reimbursed.

II.

Power given to raise the Militia, notwithstanding the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

III.

Recital of z & 3 Edw. VI, c. 14.

The said Act repealed.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Act for raiseing the Militia of this Kingdome for the Yeare One thousand six hundred ninety five and for repealing the Statute of the Second & Third Yeare of King Edward the Sixth intituled An Act against shooting in Hail-Shot

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth yeares of the reigne of his late Majesty King Charles the Second intituled An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom itt was (amongst other things) enacted That in case of Invasions Insurrections or Rebellions whereby occasion should bee to draw out the Soldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the said Act into actual Service (1) persons charged by the said Act with Horses Horsemen and Arms should provide each their Soldier respectively with pay in hand not exceeding One months pay as should bee in that behalfe directed by the respive Lieutenantf of the several Counties and in their absence or otherwise by their direction by their deputies or any Two or more of them for repayment of which said moneyes & for sarisfaftion of the Officers for their pay dureing such time not exceeding One month as aforesaid as they should bee with their Soldiers in such actual Service itt was thereby declared that provision should bee made for the same by his said Majestie his Heires and Successors out of his or their publick Treasury or Revenue Neverthelesse it was thereby further provided and enacted That in case a months pay should bee provided & advanced as aforesaid that noe pson who should have advanced his proportion thereof should bee charged with any other like months payment until hee or they should have been reimbursed the said months pay & soe from time to time the said months pay by him or them last before provided and advanced as aforesaid. And whereas upon the invasion of the Coastf of this Kingdom by the French it was found

necessary for the publick defence and safety to draw out the said Soldiers into actual Service and to charge

the said persons to provide each their Soldier respectively with pay in hand although the months pay by several of them before that time provided (J) was not nor could bee reimbursed.

And whereas the like occasion may possibly happen dureing the present Warr Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That if att any time before the

Five and twentieth day of April which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety

six it shall bee found by his Majestie to bee necessary for the defence and safety of this Kingdome to draw out the said Soldiers into actual Service and the same shall bee declared or signified to the respective Lieutenantf or Deputy Lieutenantf and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports Two ancient Townes and their Members or in his absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenantf (3) in pursuance of such Orders from his Majestie notwithstanding that One or more months pay before that time advanced bee not reimbursed to raise and draw out the said Soldiers into actual Service and to cause the persons charged as aforesaid to provide each their Soldier with pay in hand not exceeding One months pay in such manner as if all the pay before that time advanced and provided had been fully reimbursed and paid.

And whereas by an Act made in the Second and Third yeares of the reigne of Edward the Sixth late King of England intituled An Act against the shooting of Hailshot whereby [it is amongst other things <] enacted that noe person under the degree of a Lord of the Parliament should shoot in any place any Hailshot or any more pellettf then One att any one time upon paine to forfeit for every time [that he or they should soe offend5] Ten pounds and imprisonment of his Body dureing Three months Which said Act however usefull in those days hath not for many yeares last past been putt in execution but became uselesse and unnecessary yett neverthelesse several malicious persons have of late prosecuted several Gentlemen qualified to keep and use Guns upon the said Act. For remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Act and every article clause and thing therein contained shall bee and is hereby repealed and made void to all intentf and purposes whatsoever.

CHAPTER XIV.

Rot. Parl. pt. 4.

nu. 4.

3 W. & M. c.p. made perpetual.

4 & 5 W. & M.

c. 24.

An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned

WHEREAS divers temporary laws which by experience have been found beneficial and useful are neare expireing therefore for continuing the same bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That the Act made in the Third yeare of the reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act to take away Clergy from some offenders and to bring others to punishment which by [an6] Act made in the Fourth and Fifth yeares of the (7) said King and Queen intituled An Act for reviving continuing and explaining several Laws therein mentioned which are expired and neare expireing was explained & was to continue and bee in force for Three yeares from the Thirteenth day of February One thousand

1 the 0. • and advanced O.

> by his Majestie it shall be lawfull for the said Lieutenants or their Deputies or any three or more of them as aforesaid and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports two ancient Townes and their Members or in his absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants O.

« amongst other things it is 0. 5 interlined on the Roll. 6 another 0. ' of the O.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 14, 15.

595

six hundred ninety two and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament and noe longer [together with the explanation thereof in the said A d made in the said Fourth and Fifth yeares *] shall bee and the same is and are hereby continued and shall bee in force and bee made perpetual.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That an Act made in the Third and Fourth yeares of the reigne of the said King and Queen intituled An Act for relief of Creditors against fraudulent devises which was to continue and bee in force for Three yeares and to the end of the next Session of Parliament after the expiration of the said Three yeares and noe longer shall bee and is hereby continued and shall bee in force and to bee made perpetual.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That an Act made in the Fourth and Fifth yeares of the said King and Queen intituled An Act for the better discovery of Judgmentf in the Courts of Kings-Bench Common Pleas and Exchequer att Westm which was to continue and bee in force for one yeare and from the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred ninety and three and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parham' and noe longer shall bee and is hereby continued and shall bee in force for the space of one yeare more and from thencq to the end of the next Session of Parliament & noe longer.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act to indempnifie Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions which hee might bee liable to by reason of his discovering to whom hee paid and distributed several sums of money therein menebed to bee received out of the Treasure of the East-India Company or for any prosecution for such distribution.

WHEREAS it appeares by the books of the East-India Company that Sir Thomas Cooke Knight in the yeare One thousand six hundred ninety and three being then Governor of the said Company did receive out of the Stock and Treasure belonging to the same the sum of Seventy seven thousand two hundred fifty and eight pounds and hath alsoe received out of the Stock and Treasure of the said Company the further sum of Ninety thousand pounds. And whereas a true discovery of the distribution and application of the said several sums of money will bee of publick use & service and is necessary to the vindicateing the Justice and Honor of the Government and the said Sir Thomas Cooke hath voluntarily offerd to make such discovery soe as hee may bee indempnified in such manner as is hereafter mentioned and pvided Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Coitions in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That if the said Sir Thomas Cooke shall on or before the Three and twentieth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety five make a true and full discovery upon Oath [before a Committee of the Lords and Commons to bee appointed by each House for that purpose (which Oath the said Committee are hereby impowered to administer)* *] how and in what manner and to what persone or persons and to what particular uses intentf and purposes and on what account the said sum of Ninety thousand pounds and the sum of Sixty seven thousand pounds part of the said [siime of*] Seventy seven thousand two hundred fifty eight pounds have been distributed paid applied disposed and made use of then the said Sir Thomas Cooke shall not by reason or means of such discovery bee liable to any action or suit of any person or persons whatsoever other than the said East-India Company nor shall such discovery or confession bee allowed or given in evidence against him in or upon any action or suit other then as aforesaid And alsoe shall bee and is hereby declared pardoned and indempnified for any Crime hee [may bee1] guilty of [guilty of4] in the distribution payment application or disposal of the said money to any person other then to himselfe.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Sir Thomas Cooke shall on or before the First day of September One thousand six hundred ninety five either discharge himselfe upon Oath to the Commissioners appointed for stating and taking the Publick Accounts of this Kingdome of and concerning the sum of Ten thousand two hundred fifty eight pounds [residue of the said Seventy seven thousand two hundred fifty eight poundf1] or discover upon Oath to the said C.omissioners how and in what manner and to what person or persons and to

what particular uses intentf and purposes and on what account the said sum of Ten thousand two hundred fifty

eight pounds hath been distributed paid applied disposed or made use of [And in such case the said Sir Thomas Cooke shall not by reason or meanes of such discovery or dischargeing himselfe upon Oath bee liable to any action or suit of any person or persons whatsoever other then the said East-India Company nor shall such his discharging himselfe or discovery bee allowed or given in evidence against him in or upon any action or suit other then as aforesaid And alsoe shall bee and is hereby declared pardoned for any Crime hee may have been guilty off in

the distribution paym'. application or disposeal of the said moneys to any person (5) then to himselfe.

i

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That a report of the said discovery and confession shall by the Members of each House respectively (who are of the said Committee bee forthwith laid before each House in Writing.

• annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * interlined on the Roll. s may have been 0.

* 0 omits. * other 0.

4 & 5 W. Sc M. c.24. § 13.

11.

3 & 4 (3) W. & M. c. 14. made perpetual.

III.

4 & 5 W. & M. c. 20. continued for One Year.

Rot. Parl. /V.4. nh. 5.

Recital that it appears that Sir Thomas Cooke received of the East India Company's Stock .£77,258 and j£9©,oooo ; that a true Discovery of the Application thereof is necessary ; and that the said Sir Thomas Cooke had offered to make the same on Indemnity. Indemnity to Sir Thomas Cooke on his making such Discovery on Oath as to the said ^£90,000, and as to *£67,000, Part of the said *£77*258«

II.

Sir Thomas Cooke, on or before 1st Sept. 1695, to discharge himself, or to discover on Oath how he has applied .£10,238, Residue of the said

77.258. '

Indemnity in such Case to Sir Thomas Cooke.

III.

Report of the said Discovery laid before Parliament.

A.D. 16D4.

6°& 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 15,16.

IV.

If Sir Thomas Cooke do not make such Discovery on or before 23d April, then to remain a Prisoner in the Tower till he make the same.

Provided always and bee it enatted by the authority aforesaid That if the said Sir Thomas Cooke shall not on or before the said Three and twentieth day of April make such true and full discovery in manner aforesaid That then and in such case hee the said Sir Thomas Cooke shall from thenceforth by virtue of this Act continue and remaine a Prisoner in the Tower of London until hee shall have made such true and full discovery upon Oath before the Commissioners appointed for taking and stating the Publick Accounts of this Kingdome or any Foure of them who are hereby impowered and required to send for and examine the said Sir Thomas Cooke and to administer the said Oath and to report such discovery and confession under their hands and seales to both Houses of Parliament att their next Meeting.1]

Rot. Pari• pt. 4. nu. 6.

Recital that the Thames and Isis have always been navigable, that divers Locks, &c. have been on Toll, and that the Tolls have been greatly raised, and Abuses committed by Bargemen.

Power to Justices of Peace of Wilts, Gloucester, &c. as Commissioners in Quarter Sessions, to set the Rates for passing the Wears, &c. upon Thames and Isis, and to make Orders therein, and concerning the Navigation and Behaviour of Bargemen, &c.

n.

Power to the said Justices of Peace in Sessions to settle the Rates of Water Carriage upon Thames, &c.

Taking more than Rate assessed

Penalty

III.

Justices of Assize for Oxfordshire may vacate Orders made by the said Commissioners.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weares upon the River of Thames westward and for

ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River.

WHEREAS the Rivers of Thames and Isis have time out of mind been navigable from the City of London

to the Village of Bercott in the County of Oxford and for diverse yeares last past from the said Village of Bercott westward somewhat farther then Letchlade in the County of Gloucester. And whereas for the benefitt and convenience of the Navigation there have been and are diverse Locks Weares Buckf Winches Turnpikes Dams Floodgates and other Engines in upon or neare adjoyning to the said Rivers the Tennantf or Occupiers whereof antiently took and still ought to take a moderate and reasonable price from the owners of all Barges Boats or other Vessells haveing occasion to make use of the same or of their assistance for or in their passage but have of late yeares raised their prices soe high that the price of the Water-carriage on those Rivers by reason thereof has been alsoe very much raised. And whereas diverse abuses have heretofore been committed by the Bargemen in their Navigation upon the said Rivers. For remedy whereof bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by & with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the First day of May which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the [of the*] several Counties of Wiltes Gloucester Oxford Berkf and Buckf within their respective Counties for ever hereafter shall bee and are hereby declared to bee Comissioners for the putting in execution [of1] the powers and authorities herein after mentioned (that is to say) the said Commissioners or any Five of them shall have full power and authority from time to time att their respective General Quarter Sessions of the Peace upon due exaiacon of the matter in controversie upon Oath to make orders and constitutions for settling and ascertaining reasonable rates and prices to bee taken from the Owners of all Barges Boats or Vessels by the Tenantf or Occupiers of all such Locks Weares Buckf Winches Turnpikes Dams Floodgates or other Engines within their said respective Counties for the help and assistance which such Barges Boats or Vessels may or shall receive thereby or by meanes thereof in their passage upon the said Rivers regard being had as well to the antient rates which have been taken as the necessary charges of repairing such Locks Wears Bucks Winches Turnpikes Floodgates and other Engines and alsoe to constitute and appoint all such other necessary rules and orders concerning the said Navigation and alsoe concerning such Locks Weares Buckf Winches Turnpikes Dams (J) and other Engines within their said respective Counties and the shutting penning opening drawing use or management thereof for the benefitt and safety of the said Navigation and concerning all Barges Boats or Vessells passing by through or with the helpe of the same and the behaviour of all Bargemen Boatmen and Watermen belonging to or working in such Barges Boats or Vessells soe as to prevent such abuses which have been frequently heretofore committed by them in the Navigation as to the said Comissioners or any Five of them shall seem meet.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said First day of May the said Justices of the Peace or any Five of them in their respective General Quarter Sessions next after Easter-Day yearely shall have power and authority and they are hereby enjoyned and required to assesse and rate the prices of the carriage of all sorts of Goods whatsoever from any place in their said respective Counties to any other place or places upon the said Rivers in such Boats Barges or Vessells and shall give publick notice in Writing to the Mayor or other Head Officer in every Markett Towne within their said respective Counties of the rates and prices soe sett and assessed and of all other rates and prices w'hich shall bee rated and assessed by virtue of this Att And if any Owner or Proprietor of any such Barge Boat or Vessell shall att any time after such Notice take for the Water-carriage of any Goods or Merchandizes above the rates and prices soe sett as aforesaid or if any person or persons whatsoever shall break or att contrary to any rules orders or constitutions which shall bee made in pursuance of this Att every such person soe offending shall for every offence forfeit the sum of Five pounds to bee recovered by the party grieved writh double costs of suit in any action of debt bill plaint or informaeon to bee commenced or prosecuted in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein noe essoigne protection or wager of Law shall bee allowed.

Provided neverthelesse and bee it enatted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons whatsoever shall bee agrieved by reason of any such rules [order4] constitutions or assessmentf soe as aforesaid to bee made by the said Commissioners or any Five of them it shall and may bee lawfull to and for the Justices of Assize

.xed to tile Original Att in separate Schedules.

5 O. omits.

3 Floodgates O.

4 orders O.

of the said County of Oxford for the time being upon complaint made by such person or persons grieved within the space of One yeare next after the making of such rules orders constitutions or assessmentf to confirme vacate or alter the same in such manner as shall bee thought most convenient.

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all such rules orders constitutions and assessmentf other then of the rates for carriage which shall bee made by the said Commissioners or any Five of them in pursuance of this Act shall bee written in parchment and signed by the said Commissioners or any Five of them and bee kept amongst the records of the Session of the Peace of that County within which the same shall bee made And the said rules orders constitutions and assessmentf other then of the rates for carriage soe signed by the said Commissioners or confirmed or altered on such appeal as aforesaid shall continue in force from the making the same by the said Commissioners or the confirmation or alteration thereof by the said Justices of Assize for Seven yeares and from thence until some new order rule constitution or assessment shall bee made in the same case by the said Commissioners or any Five of them every which new order rule constitution or assessment shall bee subject to the like appeal as aforesaid.

Provided always That if att any time after the said First day of May any doubt shall bee made amongst the aid Commissioners in what County any such locks weares buckf winches or other engines are or shall bee then and in every such case for preventing of all such disputes every such lock weare buck winch or other engine hall bee adjudged and taken to bee in that County and subject to the jurisdiction of the Commissioners of that

County within which the same are taxed or rated to the Church or Poor.

Provided alsoe That nothing herein contained shall bee construed to give any manner of jurisdiction to any of the said Commissioners to putt in execution any of the powers or authorities hereby granted [or directed between yr said village of Bercott & y* city of Oxford nor to repeale or impeach ye powers or authorities granted*] to the Comissioners in and by an Act made in the One and twentieth yeare of the reigne of King James the First intituled An Act for making the River of Thames navigable for barges boats and lighters from the village of Bercott in the County of Oxford unto the University and City of Oxford but that the said Commissioners or the more part of them by virtue thereof and of this Act shall have power and authority from time to time with such consent as in the said first recited Act is required to ordaine and make orders and constitutions for the good and orderly usage of the passage by water on the River of Thames betwixt the City of Oxford and the village of Bercott and for all locks weares or turnpikes thereof made or to bee made and maintained att the charge of the University and City of Oxford or otherwise and for the reparation and amendment^ thereof And for all boats boatmen passengers wharfs carriages and rates for carriages by or through the said passage And to sett lay doe and execute all things concerning the same as in the said first recited Act are ordained and directed subject neverthelesse to such an appeal as is therein mentioned And alsoe that upon the death or removal of any of the present Comissioners

for executing the said recited Act the surviving Commissioners for the University and City of Oxford respectively

may att any time hereafter by virtue hereof nominate and elect any person they think fitt to bee a Comissioner and with them to execute all and every the powers in the said recited Act according to the true intent and meaning thereof and of this present Act.

Provided alsoe That nothing herein contained shall bee construed to impeach or lessen any jurisdiction power or authority of the Mayor Comonalty and Citizens of the City of London or of any other Body Politick or Corporate or other person or persons whatsoever.

And for the better preventing the damagf and mischeiff frequently done and comitted by the rude and disorderly persons rowing and manageing the said barges and that the owners of such barges may bee more careful to prevent the same bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Bargemaster and Owner of any Barge or Boat shall bee and is hereby made answerable and responsible for any damage or mischief that shall bee done by his barge or boat or the whole or any of the crew of his bargemen to any [of the1] weares locks buckf winches turnpikes dams floodgates and other engines in and upon the said River And the said Bargemasters or Bargeowners shall and may bee sued and prosecuted for the same and if found guilty the Pttiffe shall not onely recover his damages thereby sustained but his full costs of suit any former law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always That this Act shall continue and bee in force for the terme of Nine yeares and from thence to the end of the next session of Parliament and noe longer.

1 interlined on the Roll.

7n

597

Limitation of Complaint.

IV.

Orders by Justices of Peace to be registered in Sessions, and to continue for Seven Years, and thence till new Orders made by Commissioners.

V.

Locks, &c. adjudged to be in County where they pay the Poors* Rate.

VI.

Jurisdiction to Commissioners between Bercott and Oxford. Proviso for Powers given to Commissioners under

2i Jac. I. c.3».

Subject to Appeal.

Proviso for Death or Removal of Commissioners.

VIJ.

Proviso for the City of London.

VIII. Bargemasters chargeable for any Mischief done to Locks, &c. by their Bargemen, Sec.

Damages and Cost s.

IX.

Continuance of

a a.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 17.

Rot. Parl. pt. 5.

nu. I.

Reasons for passing this Alt.

Selling or paying Silver Money for more than it is coined.

Penalty.

II.

Casting Bars of Silver, or stamping like Spanish Money.

Penalty.

1IT.

Biiying or selling or having in Possession Clippings, &c. Penalty.

IV.

Exporting Bullion, except it be stamped at Goldsmiths' Hall;

and unless Certificate by Wardens of Oath that it is lawful Silver;

such Certificate granted without Fee.

Offering molten Silver to be marked and not proving on Oath that it is lawful Silver, Wardens may seize and detain such Silver, till Oath and Proof made.

V.

Molten Silver shipped not stamped, and without Certificate of Oath, may be seized by Custom House Officers.

Seizure how applied.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the coine of this Kingdom

WHEREAS it is manifest that of late yeares the Currant Coin of this Kingdomc hath been greatly diminished by [rounding clipping'] fileing and melting the same and likewise many false and counterfeit Coins have been clipped for the better disguiseing thereof. And forasmuch as it is apparent that these practices of diminishing the Currant Coin is very much occasioned by those who drive a trade of exchangeing broad money for clipped money and by other [adC *] and devices. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the First day of May which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five if any person or persons whatsoever shall att any one time or payment exchange lend sell [or3] borrow or buy receive or pay any broad silver money or silver money unclipt of the Coin of this Kingdom for more in tale benefitt profitt or advantage than the same was coined for and ought by law to goe for bee lent sold for borrowed or bought received or paid shall forfeit the sum of Tenne pounds for every Twenty shilling^ that shall bee soe exchanged lent sold borrowed or bought received or paid and soe in proportion for any greater or lesser sum one moiety thereof to his Majesty and the other moiety to the person who shall sue [or inform4] for the same to bee recovered (with costs of suit) by action of debt bill plaint or information wherein noe priveledge protection or wager of law shall bee allowed nor any more then one imparlance.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe person doe or shall presume to cast ingottf or barrs of silver in imitation of Spanish barrs or ingottf of silver nor doe stamp any mark or impression upon any ingott or barr in likenesse of the Spanish marks or impressions upon paine that the person herein offending shall for every such offence [forfeit the silver soe cast and alsoe the sum of Five hundred pounds one moiety to his Majesty and the other to the informer to bee recovered '] as aforesaid.

And for the better preventing the clipping diminishing or impaireing the Currant Coin of this Kingdom bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person whatsoever shall buy or sell and knowingly have in his custody or possession any clippingf or filingf of the Currant Coin of this Kingdome hee shall for every such offence forfeit the said clippingf or filingf and alsoe the sum of Five hundred pounds One moiety to his Majesty and the other to the informer to bee recovered as aforesaid and shall bee alsoe branded in the right cheek with a hott iron. with the letter, R, and until payment of the said Five hundred pounds shall suffer imprisonment.

And bee it further enacted That noe Goldsmith or other person whatsoever shall from and after the said First day of May transport or cause to bee transported out of this Kingdome of England into any parts beyond (6) seas any molten silver whatsoever but such onely as shall bee marked or stamped att Goldsmiths Hall by the Wardens some or one of them belonging to the said Company of Goldsmiths which mark or stamp the said Wardens are hereby required to provide and therewith to mark or stamp all such silver as shall bee proved before them or one of them in such manner as is hereafter mentioned to bee lawfull silver nor unlesse a certificate bee first had

and obtained under the hand of one or more of the said Wardens of oath having been made before him or them

by the Owner or Owners of such molten silver and likewise by one credible witnesse that the same is lawfull silver and that noe part thereof was (before the same was molten) the Currant Coin of this [Kingdome7] nor clippingf thereof nor plate wrought within this Kingdome Which Oath the said Wardens or any one of them are and is hereby required and authorized to administer and likewise to make and grant a certificate thereof without fee or reward an entry of which certificate shall bee duely made by the said Wardens in a book to bee kept for that purpose And in case any person whatsoever who shall offer any molten silver to bee marked as is aforesaid shall not prove by his or her oath and likewise by the oath of one credible witnesse that the silver offered to bee marked is lawfull silver and that the same was not before the melting thereof the Currant Coin of this Kingdome nor clippingf thereof nor plate wrought within the same then and in every such case it shall

bee lawfull to and for the said Wardens or any one of them to seize and detain such molten silver soe offered to

bee marked until such time as such oath and proof shall bee made as is aforesaid.

And be it further enacted That if any person whatsoever shall ship or cause to bee shipt or putt on board any' vessell any molten silver not stamped or marked by the said Wardens or one of them and without certificate first obtained of oath haveing been made before the said Wardens or one of them of the lawfulnesse of such silver in manner as is aforesaid (which certificate shall bee shewen to some one of the Chmissioners of the Customes for the time being before any cockett bee granted for the exporting such molten silver) in such case it shall and may bee lawfull to and for any Officer or any Officers of his Majesties Customs to seize such silver so shipped and putt on board one moiety whereof shall bee to his Majesty his Heires and Successors and the other moiety to the Officer and Officers soe seizeing the same.

k VI^ And bee it further enacted That if any Broger or Broker not being a tradeing Goldsmith or Refiner of silver

being aGolclRtnith, shall buy or sell any bullion or molten silver every such person shall suffer for every such offence imprisonment Bullion °r for Six months without bade or mainprize.

Punishment. ■____^ __

* clipping rounding 0. a arts 0.

» annexed to the Original A & in a separate Schedule.

3 O omits. • the 0.

4 interlined on the Roll. 7 Realm 0.

A.D. 1694.

6° Sc 7° Gul. & Mar. c. IT.

599

And for the better discovery of Offenders in the Premisses Bee it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for one or more of the Wardens of the said Company of Goldsmiths with any Two or more of the Court of Assistant^ of the said Company within the compasse of [the1] Weekly Bills of Mortality and to and for any Two Justices of the Peace within any County City or Towne Corporate out of the compasse of the Weekly Bills of Mortality to enter into the house room or workshopp of any person w'ho shall bee suspected to bee guilty of buying or selling unlawfull Bullion and to search for the same and in case the Occupier or Occupiers of such house room or workshopp shall refuse to permitt the said Warden and Assistant^ or Justices to make such search as aforesaid it shall and may bee lawfull to such Wardens and Assistantf and Justices with the assistance of a Constable to break open any door box trunk chest cupboard or cabinett in order to search for and discover such Bullion as is aforesaid and in case the persons soe searching shall art any time find any such unlawfull Bullion the persons soe finding the same are hereby required to seize as well such Bullion as the person and persons in whose possession the same shall bee found And the said Wardens Assistantf and Constables shall bring him and her before the next Justice of the Peace who shall upon Oath made of such finding which Justice within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and the said Two Justices without the [said1] Bills of Mortality shall and may examine the person soe brought before him or found by them respectively upon Oath whether the Bullion soe found bee lawfull Silver and whether the same was not (before the melting thereof the currant Coin of this Realm or clipping^ thereof And in case the said person soe examined shall not prove by his or her Oath or by the Oath of one credible Witnesse before the said Justice and Justices respectively that the Bullion so found is lawfull Silver and that the same was not before the melting thereof the currant Coin of this Realme nor Clipping^ thereof then and in such case the said Justice or Justices respectively shall committ the person soe examined to Prison and shall secure the Bullion soe found and shall likewise oblige the persons that can give any Evidence concerning the same to enter into a Recognizance to prosecute the said Offender and Offenders And in case such Offender and Offenders in whose possession such unlawfull Bullion shall bee found shall not upon his her or their Tryals on an Indictment for melting the currant Silver Coin of this Realme prove by the Oath of one credible Witnesse at the least the Bullion soe found to bee lawfull Silver and that the same was not the Currant Coin of this Realme nor Clippingf thereof then and for want of such proof such Offender shall bee found guilty of the Offence contained in such Indictment and shall suffer Imprisonment for the space of Six Months without Bail or Mainprize.

[And whereas the Coin of this Realme is of late much clipped and counterfeited for want of due encouragement to bee given to such persons as shall discover the same Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the said First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety five all and every person and persons who shall apprehend and take any person or persons w'ho have counterfeited any of the Currant Coin of this Realme or that for lucre or gaine have clipped washed filed or any ways diminished the same or shall bring or cause to bee brought into this Kingdome the Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed any dipt false or counterfeit Coyne and prosecute such person or persons until hee she or they bee convicted for any such Offence shall have and receive from the Sheriff or Sherifff of the County where such Conviction shall bee made for every such Offender soe convicted the sum of Forty pounds (without paying any Fee for the same) within one Month after such conviction and demand thereof made by tendring a Certificate to the said Sheriff or Sherifff for the time being under the Hand or Hands of the Judge or Justices before whom such Traytor or Tray tors Offender or Offenders as aforesaid shall bee convicted certifying the Conviction of such Traytor or Tray tors done within the County of the said Sheriff or Sherifff And that such Traytor or Tray tors was or were taken and prosecuted by the person or persons claimeing the said Reward which Certificate as aforesaid the said Judge or Justices are hereby required to give And in case any dispute shall happen to arise between the persons apprehending and prosecuting to Conviction such Traytors as aforesaid touching their Right and Title to the said Reward that then the said Judge or Justices soe respectively certifying as aforesaid shall in and by their said Certificate direct and appoint the said Reward to bee paid unto and amongst the parties claiming the same in such share and proportions as to the said Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable And if default of payment of the said sum or sums of money shall happen to bee made by any Sheriff' or Sherifff such Sheriff or Sherifff soe makeing default shall forfeit to the person or persons to whom such money is due as aforesaid double the sum or sums of money hee ought to have paid to bee recovered by him or them or his or their Executors or Administrators in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein but One Imparlance and noe [Essoigne1] Protection or Wager of Law shall bee allowed with Treble Costs of Suite by him or them expended in recovery of the same.

And it is hereby further enacted That all Sherifff their Executors or Administrators upon produceing such respective Certificates and the Receiptf for the money by them paid in pursuance of this Act shall bee allowed and are hereby impowered to deduct upon their accounting with his Majesty all moneys (other then the double sum and sums of money and costs of Suit) which they shall disburse as aforesaid without any Fee or Reward whatsoever. Provided always That if upon the Account of any Sheriff or Sherifff there shall not bee money sufficient in the Hands of such Sheriff or Sheriff f to reimburse him or them such moneys paid by him or them by virtue of this Act that then the Sheriff or Sherifff haveing soe paid the said moneys shall have the same repaid by the Lord Tresurer or Commissioners of his Majesties Tresury for the time being out of the Revenue of the Crowne upon Certificate from the Clerk of the Pipe to that Effect. *]

VII. Wardens, See. in Bills of Mortality,

and Justices of Peace in other Places, may break open Houses, &c. and search for Bullion

with the Assistance of a Constable

and may seize such Bullion, and also Persons having such Bullion in Possession;

Person in whose Possession Bullion is found, and cannot prove it to he neither Coin nor Clippings melted

Punishment.

VIII.

Persons apprehending and convicting Clippers, &e. shall upon the Judges Certificate receive £±o of the Sheriff witnoutFce;

on tendering Certificate of Conviction, Stc.

Judges, &c. certifying to settle Dispute touching Reward.

Sheriff not paying Reward to forfeit double to the Apprehender;

and Treble Costs.

IX.

Sheriff tobeallowed the £4.0 in his Accounts ; (Exception.)

If nothing in the Hauds ofSheriff, then to be repaid by Treasury.

1 interlined on the Roll.

t annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

6()0

6° & 7° Gul.

A.D. 1694.

& Mar. c.17, 18.

X.

Person guilty, convicting Two Offenders, pardoned.

Apprentice discovering, made a Freeman.

XI.

Proof of Foreign Bullion to lie upon the Owner, &c.

XII. Expoiter not entering in Name of Owner, &c.

Penalty.

XIII. Proviso for n certain Quantity of Bullion exported by Licence before 1st January 1695.

[And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons being out of Prison shall from and after the said First day of May One thousand six hundred ninety five bee guilty of clipping coining counterfeiting washing filing or otherwise diminishing the Coin of this Realme and afterwards discover Two or more person or persons who already have or hereafter shall committ any of the said Crimes soe as Two or more of the person or persons discovered shall bee convicted of the same any such discoverer shall himselfe have and is hereby intituled to the gracious Pardon of his Majesty his Heires and Successors for all such his Crimes which hee or they have committed att any time or times before such discovery made And if the person making such discovery bee an Apprentice hee shall bee deemed and taken and is hereby declared a Freeman and shall have and may exercise any lawfull Trade Profession or Mystery with all Liberties [or1] Priveledges and in as full and ample manner as if the said person had served the full time of his Apprenticeshipp Any Lawr Statute Custome or Ordnance to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case any Seisure shall happen of any Bullion shipt to bee exported and a doubt arise thereon whether the same bee F.nglish or Foreigne Bullion that then the proof shall lie upon the Owner Claimer or Exporter of such Bullion that the same is Forreigne Bullion and had not been melted downe in this Realme of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case any person or persons enter or ship any Bullion allowed by this Act to bee exported beyond the Seas other then in the Name of the true Owner and Proprietor or Importer the Exporter thereof shall forfeit the same or the full value thereof one Moiety to his Majesty his Heires and Successors and the other Moiety to the person who shall seize or discover the same.

Provided always and bee it further enacted That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to prohibitt the Exportation of such Bullion as shall bee licensed by his Majesty (such Licences being entred in the Books of the Custome House for the Port of London) soe as the same bee exported before the First Day of January One thousand six hundred ninety five and doe not exceed Seven hundred thousand Ounces of Silver to bee applied for the payment of his Majesties Forces.1]

Rot. Parl.pt. 5. nu. 2.

Duties laid upon Glass Wares, and Stone and Earthen Bottles made here or imported, for Five Years.

Quart Bottles, See. of Glass, Stone, or Earth, per Dozen, 12d.

Pint Bottles, &c. of Glass, Stone, or Earth, per Dozen, 6d.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majestie certaine duties upon glasse wares stone and earthen bottles coals and

culme for carrying on the Ware against France

WEE your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Comons [in Parliament assembled1] for a further supply of your Majesties extraordinary Occasions for and toward f the necessary defence of your Realmes and carrying on of the Ware against the French King doe humbly present your Majestie with the gift of the Impositions Rates and Duties herein after mentioned And doe beseech your Majesty that it may bee enacted. And bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That for and dureing the terme of Five yeares commencing from the Nine and twentieth day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five there shall bee raised levyed collected and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty for and upon all glass and glasse wares and for and upon all stone and earthen bottles which att any time or times within or dureing the said terme of five yeares shall bee made within this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed or imported or brought into the same the several and respective impositions rates duties and sums of money herein after mentioned over and above all such customes and duties as are already payable for or upon the importation of any such commodities (that is to say.)

For all quart bottles of green glasse flask glasse or any other kind of glasse whatsoever and for all glasse

Bottle works whatsoever comonly called or reputed quartf whether the same bee or shall bee plaine or marked or called roundf squares receivers retortf bolt-heads still-heads bodies handle-bottles or any other kind of glasse bottles or bottle-works whatsoever And for all stone and earthen bottles and bottle-works of what kind soever commonly called or taken for quartf a piece (flint glasse bottles excepted) which att any time or times within or dureing the said terme of Five yeares shall bee made within the said Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed or which (not being made or manufactured within the same Kingdome Dominion or Towne aforesaid) shall bee imported or brought into the same the sum of Twelve pence of lawfull English

money for every Dozen reckoning Twelve to the Dozen and noe more and after that rate for a greater or lesser

number.

For all pint bottles or bottle-works comonly called or reputed for pintf of glasse stone or earth (flint glasse bottles excepted) which att any time or times within or dureing the aforesaid terme shall bee made within the Kingdome Dominion or Towne aforesaid or bee imported or brought into the same there shall bee paid the sum of Six pence of like money for every such Dozen and after that rate for a greater or lesser number.

> and 0.

* annexed to the Original Act in four separate Schedules.

J assembled in Parliament O.

A Z).1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 18.

601

For all such bottles and bottle-works of glasse stone or earth holding lesse then pintf or more then quartf a piece (flint glasse bottles excepted) which att any time or times within or dureing the aforesaid terme shall bee made within the Kingdome Dominion or Towne aforesaid or imported or brought into the same there shall bee paid in like money for every such dozen a certaine duty which shall beare the same proportion to the measure or bignesse of such bottells or bottle works as the sum of Twelve pence beares to the measure or bignesse of the said quart bottles or the sum of Six pence beares to the measure or bignesse of the said pint bottles and after that rate for a greater or lesser number than twelve.

For all flint glasse-bottles and all glasses and glasse works of flint or that shall bee flint mixed with christall or other ingredientf and made in a furnace commonly called a flint or christal furnace And for all looking glasse plates coach glasse plates and [and ‘ ] all other sort of plate glasse or glasse plates made or manufactured within the Kingdom Dominion or Towne aforesaid or which shall bee imported as aforesaid into the same (not being otherwise charged by this Act) there shall bee paid a duty to bee computed after the rate of Twenty pounds for every hundred pounds of the true and real value of the same.

For all window glasse or glasse made in tables or otherwise proper to bee used in glazed windows which att any time or dines dureing the said terme shall bee made or manufactured in this Kingdom Dominion or Towne aforesaid or which shall bee imported into the same there shall bee paid a duty to bee computed after the rate of Tenne pounds for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof.

And for all other sorts of glasses glasse works and glasse wares of w'hat nature or kind soever (not herein before particularly charged) which att any time or times dureing the said terme shall bee made or manufactured in the Kingdom Dominion or Towne aforesaid or which shall bee imported as aforesaid there shall bee paid a duty to bee computed after the rate of Fifteen pounds for every Hundred pounds of the true and real value of the same.

• • i

All which said rates or duties by this Act imposed for and upon such of the said commodities as shall bee made in this Kingdome Dominion or Towne aforesaid shall bee paid by the respective maker [or1] makers of the same and for such of the said commodities as shall bee imported or brought in as aforesaid shall bee paid by the respective importer or importers thereof over and above such duties as are already payable upon such importation.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the duties hereby sett on all the said forreigne and imported commodities of glasse stone or earth shall bee from time to time satisfied and paid by the importer or importers of the same in ready money upon his or their entry or entries made and before the landing thereof And that in case such forreigne or imported commodities of the kinds before mentioned shall bee landed or putt on shore out of any shipp or vessell from beyond the seas before due entry bee made thereof in the Custom House in the port or place where the same shall bee imported and the duties hereby imposed shall bee fully satisfied and paid or without any warrant for the landing and delivering of such imported commodities of the kinds aforesaid first signed by the Commissioners Collectors or other proper Officer or Officers of his Majesties Customs respectively that all such imported comodities of the kinds aforesaid as shall bee soe landed or putt on shore

or delivered contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof or the value of the same shall bee forfeited and

lost and shall or may bee recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof to witt One moiety of the same to the use of his Majesty his heires and successors the other moiety to the use of him or them that will seize the said commodities or sue for the same or the value thereof by action of debt bill suit or information wherein noe

essoigne protection wager of law or more then one imparlance shall bee granted or allowed.

And it is hereby further enacted That the said duties on such of the said commodities as shall bee imported as aforesaid shall bee from time to time under the management and government of the Commissioners of his Majesties Customes for the time being who shall cause the same from time to time to bee (J) levied collected and paid by his Majesties Officers of the Customs to the hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Revenue of the Customes And such Receiver [or4] Receivers General for the time being shall answer and pay the moneys ariseing thereby into his Majesties Exchequer distinct and apart from all other branches within his or their receiptf And for such of the said enumerated commodities imported as aforesaid the duties whereof are hereby appointed to bee paid according to the value of the same the respective Customer or Collector or other person Officer or Officers of the Customes for the time being shall receive and levy such duties hereby imposed according to the value and price of such goods to bee esteemed upon the oath of the Merchant or Importer And such oath shall bee administred and all other matters done for ascertaining recovering and levying the said duties hereby granted upon the values of the said imported commodities in the same manner and forme as are now lawfully used and practised in cases where goods pay the subsidy of poundage or other duties ad valorem upon the importation thereof.

And for the becter ascertaining the duties by this Act charged and imposed upon such of the said commodities of glasse earth and stone as shall bee made and manufactured in England Wales or Towne of Berwick as aforesaid And for the better raiseing levying and collecting of the same according to the true meaning of this Act Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for his Majestie his Heires or Successors or to and for the Commissioners of the Tresury or any three or more of them now being or the High Tresurer of England or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Tresury for the time being in writing

Bottles less than Pints, and more than Quarts in Proportion to those before mentioned.

Flint Bottles, Coach-glass, &c. £io perCent.

Window Glass, £io per Cent.

All Glass not mentioned, ^15 per Cent.

Duties to be paid by Maker and Importer.

II.

Duties for Goods imported to be paid by Importer before landing. Landing before Entry and Duties paid, or without Warrant j

Penalty.

III.

Duties to be managed by Commissioners of the Customs.

Receivers to pay into the Exchequer distinct.

Goods paying ad valorem Duty valued on Oath of Importer.

Duties levied as Poundage.

IV.

Commissioners to be appointed for managing the Duties on Home Goods.

* O. omits. * and 0.

3 raised 0.

4 and 0.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c.18.

Duty (Exception) to be paid into the Exchequer. Treasury have Power to set Rules to the Officers.

V.

The Value of Home Goods paying ad valorem Duties, how ascertained.

Power to Officers to add ^20 per Cent, to Value if the Crown appears to be defrauded.

VI.

Makers to give Three Days Notice of kindling their Fires, Penalty^?! o;

and to make Entries of Quantities within Twenty-four Hours after Goods made.

Duties to be paid within Three Months.

Removing Goods without Permit (to be signed by Officer gratis;) Penalty.

a£io per Cent, for present Payment.

VII.

Officer may search Glass-house, &c. in the Day-time.

Goods not entered, or concealed, forfeited, and may be seized.

VIII.

No Fee forEutrics,

&c.

to commissionate or appoint such persons as they shall think fitt from time to time to bee the Commissioners or Surveyors for the said duties who shall hereby have power to substitute deputies or inferior officers under them for the purposes aforesaid and shall cause all the moneys ariseing by the said duties (except the necessary charge in manageing or Collecting of the same) to bee brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer from time

to time to his Majesties use And the said Commissioners of the Tresury or any Three or more of them now

being or the High Tresurer of England or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Tresury for the time being are hereby impowered from time to time to sett downe settle and prescribe such orders rules and instructions for the better guidance of the said officers or any of them in and for the ascertaining charging and collecting of the duties hereby imposed or intended to bee imposed upon the said commodities manufactured in England Wales and Towne of Berwick as aforesaid as shall bee most conduceing and agreeable to the ends and intent of this Act.

And it is hereby declared and enacted that the values of such of the said commodities [made1] in England Wales or the Towne of Berwick as by this Act are to pay the duties ad valorem shall in all cases bee taken to

bee so much as such commodities shall bee worth to bee sold as soon as they are perfectly made or fitt for

use And in case any dispute or controversie shall att any time or times arise touching the valuation of any such commodities between the maker or makers thereof and his Majesties officer or officers (which said officer and officers

are to bee under such orders and instructions as are before mentioned) in all and every such case and cases the value

of such goods shall bee esteemed by the affidavit of such maker or makers to bee made in writing before any of his Majesties Justices of the Peace (who are hereby impowered to take the same) and to bee delivered to the said officer or officers who shall thereupon have power by this Act (if he thinks his Majesty to bee apparently defrauded) to take such goods att the value specified in such affidavit) and Twenty per centum more for his Majesties use paying down ready money to the maker for the same Which ready money soe paid downe shall bee allowed upon the accounts to bee made to his Majesty for the Duties aforesaid and the goods in such cases shall bee sold and disposed of for his Majesties best advantage and profitt.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every the maker or makers of the

said manufactures of glasse earth or stone or any of them before hee she or they doe kindle any fire or fires for the makeing or working of the said manufactures shall give notice thereof to some of his Majesties Officers within three days before such fire shall bee kindled under the penalty of Tenne pounds for every default in not giving such notice to bee forfeited the one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty and the other moiety thereof to him or them that shall sue for the same as aforesaid And that the respective makers or proprietors of the said glasse wares and of the said stone and earthen bottles whilst their several fires are burning and as often as they shall make any of the manufactures of [stone glasse *] or earth as aforesaid shall from time to time within twenty foure houres after the drawing or perfect makeing of any such manufactures as aforesaid make true entries with his Majesties officer or officers as shall bee appointed to attend such works respectively or give them true accounts in writing daily of the several quantities of such manufactures as shall bee soe by them respectively made setting downe fully and truely the several quantities of such goods that shall bee made every day distinctly by their several kinds as they ought to pay by this Act And shall upon the drawing or perfect makeing of any such commodities as aforesaid or within three months after pay his Majesties duties by this Act payable for the same And shall likewise have a permission signed by some one of the said Officers to carry away every or any parcel of such commodities before such time as the same shall bee removed or carried away from the warehouse or other place where such goods shall bee first putt after their being drawne under the several penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned Which warrantf the said Officers are hereby required to give gratis unto the said makers or proprietors of such glasse stone or earthen commodities upon paying the said duties hereby granted or secureing the same to bee paid within the said three months And if any such maker or makers att the time of such entry shall pay downe the duty hereby imposed hee or they shall bee allowed for such prompt payment after the rate of Tenne pounds per Centum per Annum upon every sum soe to bee paid for the said time of Three months.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that it shall and may bee lawfull to and for the said Officer and Officers soe to bee appointed as aforesaid att all seasonable times in the day time to search and see what quantities of the said comodities are makeing in any glasse-house or kilne [orwhat quantities thereof shall bee in any ware-house or other place belonging thereunto And if any maker or makers owner or owners of any of the said commodities of glasse earth or stone shall endeavour to defraud his Majesty of any duties by this Act payable either by not makeing due entries or giving account as aforesaid or by removeing or carrying away any such commodities from the warehouse or other place where the same shall bee first putt after drawing or perfect makeing as aforesaid before his Majesties duties shall bee paid or secured and a permission given for carrying away such goods as aforesaid or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any of the said commodities to the intent to deceive his Majesty of his just dues for the same that then and in every such case the goods for which noe such entry or account shall bee made or given or that shall bee soe unlawfully removed or carried

away or fraudulently hid or concealed shall bee forfeited and shall and may bee seized by any the Officer or

Officers aforesaid to his Majesties use.

Provided always and it is hereby enacted that noe Fee or Reward shall bee had or taken by any of the said

Officers from any of the said makers for the entries accounts or permissions aforesaid or any of them.

1 interlined on the Roll.

5 glasse stone O.

a and 0.

A.D. 16.9 4.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 18.

603

Provided alsoe that if any of the said glasse stone or earthen manufactures shall upon the drawing thereof from the leer arch or kilne bee forthwith broken because they appeare to bee imperfectly made noe duty shall grow due for the same by virtue of this Act.

Provided alsoe that if any person or persons shall export beyond the Seas any of the said manufactures or commodities of glasse stone or earth that then upon oath made that the duties first due and payable to his Majesty for the same by this Act were duely paid or secured and upon security to bee first given that the goods shall not bee relanded in England Wales or Berwick which oath shall and may bee administred and the said security taken by the Customer or Comptroller of the Port where such exportation shall bee had the duties which shall have been paid for such of the said commodities soe exported shall bee repaid or soe much shall bee discharged upon the security before given for the same Any thing in this Act before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further enacted that all and every the furnaces and other utensils for makeing of any the said manufactures of glasse earth or stone in whose hands soever they shall come or howsoever they shall bee claimed shall bee liable and subject to and are hereby charged with all and singuler the arrears or duties which shall be owing to his Majestie for any of the said commodities in the makeing whereof such furnaces or utensils have been imployed and (in case of non payment thereof) shall and may bee distrained seized and sold for the same by any his Majesties officers aforesaid who shall render the overplus of the moneys ariseing thereby (after payment of the duty with reasonable charges) to the owner or owners of the said furnaces or utensills.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that for all sorts of Coals and Culm (except Charcoal made of wood) which from and after the said Nine and twentieth day of September in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five shall bee water-borne or shall bee laid on board any shipp or vessell to bee carried imported or brought or which shall bee carried imported or brought in any shipp or vessell into any port or place in the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed from any port or place within the said Kingdom Dominion or Towne of Berwicke or from the Kingdome of Scotland in or dureing the space of Five yeares commencing from the said Nine and twentieth day of September there shall bee paid and answered unto his Majesty his Heires and Successors (over and besides all other impositions duties and sums of money in any wise due or payable for the same) the several and respective impositions rates duties and sums of money following (that is to say.)

For every Chaldron of all such sorts of Coals as are usually sold by measure reckoning Six and thirty bushels to the Chaldron Winchester measure the sum of Five shillingf.

And for every Chaldron of Culme reckoning Six and thirty bushells to the Chaldron Winchester measure the sum of One shilling.

And for every Tun of all sorts of Coals usually sold by weight imported or carried in any shipp or vessell from any part of England or Wales or from Scotland into any other part or place in England or Wales reckoning Twenty hundred weight to each Tun the sum of Five shillingf.

Which said several impositions rates duties and sums of money aforesaid shall from time to time dureing the said terme of Five yeares be answered and paid att the respective ports and places of Importation or landing of the said Coals and Culme unto his Majesty his Heires and Successors or to such Officer or person as shall by his Majesty his Heires or Successors or by the Commissioners of his Majesties Customes or any Foure or more of them for the time being under their hands and seales bee thereunto appointed by the master owner or owners or other person or persons haveing or takeing the charge of any shipp or vessel on which any (') Coals or Culme shall bee laden or wherein they shall bee imported carried or brought before bulk of the said shipp or vessell shall bee broken or any the said Coals or Culme unladen and before any meeter measurer or weigher shall bee appointed for the [weighing or measureing1] thereof upon receipt whereof the party appointed to receive the same shall without delay fee or reward deliver a receipt under his hand to the person or persons who shall pay the said duty which receipt shall for soe much bee a sufficient discharge of all which shipps and vessells and of the coals and culme therein imported or brought due entries shall from time to time bee made in the Custom House of or belonging to such port or place w'here such importation shall bee made (if any Custome House [shall1] bee there) or else in the Custome House of the next port or place where such importation shall bee and in case any of the said Coals or Culme shall bee unshipped to bee laid on land before the impositions duties or sums aforesaid respectively due for the same shall bee paid or secured that then aswell the said Coals and Culme soe unshipped as alsoe the shipp or vessell out of which the same shall bee soe unshipped with all her guns tackle furniture and ammunition shall bee forfeited and lost one moiety of which forfeitures shall bee unto his Majesty his Heires and Successors and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall seize sue or informe for the same to bee recovered in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster by action of debt bill plaint or information wherein noe essoigne protection or wager of law shall bee admitted.

And to the end that the said impositions and duties may bee duely answered and paid without fraud or covin and for the better levying and collecting thereof and for the discovery of the just quantities of all sorts of coals and culme to bee water-born imported or unladen as aforesaid bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that it shall and may bee lawdiill to and for his Majesty his heires or successors or to or for any foure or more of the said Commissioners of the Customes for the time being by writeing under their hands and scales from time to time to assigne and appoint within each Port or Place within the said Kingdome of England Dominion of

IX.

No Duty for imperfect Goods.

X.

Duties repaid upon Exportation.

Oath on such Repayment.

XI.

Furnaces and Utensils charged with the Duties, in whose Hands soever they may be. Distress.

XII. Duties upon Coal or Culm brought into any Port for Five Years.

Particular Rates.

Coals per Chaldron 5s-

Culm per Chaldron is.

Coals sold by Weight, per Ton 5s-

Duties to be paid in the Port of Importation before breaking Bulk;

and before Meter appointed.

Receipt for the same without Fee.

Coals or Culm unshipped before Duties paid. Coals and Ship forfeited.

XIII.

The King, or Four Commissioners of the Customs, may appoint Meters and W cighers, who are to certify the Measure and Weight of the Coals;

1 such O.

* measuring or weighing 0.

* O. omits.

604

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 18.

A.D. 1694.

Penalty ^ice.

Paying Duty for less than certified

Penalty.

Remedy for such Penalty and Duties.

On Post-Entry and Payment within Six Days, Penalty discharged.

XIV. Officers to keep a Book of Accounts, and to return the Money to the Receivers of the Customs, who are to return it into the Exchequer.

XV.

Allowance of Seamen to Coal Ships;

Officer impressing them.

Penalty d£\o.

and Incapacity.

XVI. Duty on Coals exported.

XVII.

A Clause of Loan for td 564,700 upon this ABl at per Ceut.

Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed such and soe many meeters weighers and measurers of the said coals and culme as shall within the terme aforesaid bee imported brought or landed in such Port or Place wherein or for which such meeters weighers or measurers shall bee assigned or appointed as aforesaid who shall from time to time measure and weigh all such coats and culme soe imported or brought and when and as soon as any such shipp or vessell shall bee unladen shall .forthwith deliver a true certificate in writing under his or their hand or hands unto the person or persons appointed to receive the said impositions or duties within such Port or Place of the sorts quantities and numbers of chaldrons or tuns of coals or culme respectively which shall bee measured or weighed and delivered from on board any such shipp or vessell under the penalty of One hundred pounds And in case it shall appeare by such certificate or otherwise that there was on board any such shipp or vessell a greater number of chaldrons or tuns of coals or culm than for which the said impositions or duties hereby imposed shall have been answered and paid as aforesaid that then in every such case there shall bee paid unto his Majesty his heires and successors by the master or owners of such shipp or vessell for every chaldron or tun of .coals or culm soe concealed over and above the impositions and duties aforesaid the sum of Ten shillingf For which in case of refusal to pay the same such shipp or vessell with the tackle furniture and apparel thereof or any part thereof shall and may bee attached and detained by the officer or officers for the time being in such Port or Place appointed to receive the said impositions or duties or to measure or weigh the said coals or culm until payment thereof and to sell the said shipp or vessel tackle furniture and apparel or any part thereof in case all the said impositions duties or payment? before mentioned for the said concealed coals or culme shall not bee paid and satisfied with reasonable costs and charges for such attaching detaineing and selling rendring the overplus Which sale shall bee good and effectual in the law. Provided neverthelesse that if the Importer upon such certificate delivered in by the measurer or weigher shall within the space of Six days after the deliver)' of such shipp or vessel give in his post-entry and satisfie and pay the whole duty for the surplusage of the said Coals or Culme appeareing upon the unladeing of such shipp or vessell then upon such payment the penalty aforesaid shall bee discharged.

And for the manifestation of the truth and certainty in the premisses Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that the Officers to bee appointed in each Port and Place for the receiving of the said Impositions or Duties and for the weighing and measuring of the said Coals and Culm shall respectively keep one or more Book or Books for every such Port or Place wherein they shall respectively enter downe a true account of all such sums of money which shall bee paid or received for or upon account of the said Impositions or Duties and' of all the paymentf and disbursementf of the same And alsoe a true account of the numbers of Chaldrons and Tuns of Coals and Culme soe imported and unladen in any such Port or Place and of the respective sorts thereof And the moneys ariseing by the Impositions and Duties aforesaid are to bee paid unto the Receiver or Receivers Generali of the Customs for the time being and by them to bee paid and returned into the Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer for his Majesties use where the same shall bee kept and entred in Books distindt and a part from any other branch of his Majesties Revenue.

And for the encouragement of all such Shipps or Vessells as shall bee imployed in bringing Coals for supplying the City of London and other Ports of this Kingdome att more reasonable rates then dureing this Warr they have hitherto been Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said Nine and twentieth day of September there shall bee allowed yearely from the Fifteenth day of April until the First day of January free from impressing to every Master of any Shipp or Vessel imployed in the Coal Trade two able Seamen (such as the Master shall nominate) for every Shipp or Vessell under One hundred Tun and one for every Fifty Tun for every Shipp or Vessel of One hundred Tun and upwardf burthen according to the measurement [with * 3 such Shipp or Vessell shall appeare to bee of by a Certificate which shall bee produced from the Custome House of what number of l'uns such a Shipp or Vessell hath paid for by an Act for laying a Duty on Tunnage of shipping And if any Captaine Lieutenant or other Officer shall by any Authority whatsoever presume to impresse or take any of the men allowed by this Act such Captaine Lieutenant or other Officer shall forfeit to the Master or Owner of such Shipp or Vessell Ten pounds for every man hee shall soe impresse or take to bee recovered with Costs of Suit by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record wherein noe Essoigne Protection Privedge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of restraint shall bee in any wise granted or allowed and shall alsoe bee made incapable of holding any Place Office or Imployment in any of his Majesties Ships of Warr.

And w'hereas the imposition upon Coals exported to Forreigne Parts is soe great that it is almost a prohibition to the great diminution of his Majesties Customs the lessening of the English Navigation and the exportation of Coals beyond the Seas For remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Coals exported beyond the Seas in Forreigne Bottoms shall dureing the continuance of this Act only pay Tenne shillingf the Chaldron and in English Bottoms onely Three shillingf the Chaldron Any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the Tenth day of May One thousand six hundred ninety five it shall and may bee lawfull to and for his Majesty or his Officers in the Receipt of his Exchequer by his command and appointment to borrow and take into the said Receipt att interest for his Majesties use by way of loan any sum or sums of money which together with the whole value or amount of all the sums

A.D.\6l)4>.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 18.

of money which shall bee colie&ed levied and paid by virtue of this Act shall not exceed in the whole the sum of Five hundred sixty foure thousand seven hundred pounds Which sum or sums of money soe to bee taken upp or borrowed shall and may bee charged upon the Creditt of his Majesties Exchequer in general and

Tallies of Loan and Orders for repayment of the same shall bee levied accordingly Which Orders shall bee

assignable and transferrable from one person to another.

And it is hereby enabled and declared That all and every sum and sums of money so to bee borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid together with the interest for the same not exceeding the Rate of Seven pounds per Centum per Annum to bee paid every Three Months until satisfaction of the principal shall bee payable and bee paid or satisfied unto the respective lender or lenders of the same his her or their Executors Administrators or Assignes out of the moneys ariseing by this Act soe far as the same shall extend And soe much as the said

Act shall fall short or bee deficient for paying the same shall bee payable and bee paid [and' ] satisfied unto the

respective lender or lenders of the same his her or their Executors Administrators or Assignes out of any the next Aids or Supplies to bee granted to his Majestic in Parliament And shall bee transferred and transferrable thereunto as soon as any such Aid or Supply shall bee granted And in case noe such Aid or Supply shall bee granted to his Majesty before the Second day of February One thousand six hundred ninety five then the said sum and sums of money soe to bee borrowed not exceeding as aforesaid and the Interest thereof shall bee payable and bee paid and satisfied to the said lender or lenders his her or their Executors Administrators or Assignes respectively by and out of any of his Majesties Treasure which from thenceforth shall come into bee or remaine in the Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer not being already appropriated to any particular uses by any Act or ACtf of Parliament before this time made.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That Nine of the Shipps of Warr part of the Forty three which by an Act of this present Session of Parliament were appointed to cruise in several Stations to guard the [costs and trade of this Kingdome are hereby appointed to cruise or convoy (that is to, say) Six on the Northerne Coast and Three on the Westeme Coast in such Stations as shall bee directed by the Lord High Admiral of England or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England for the time being for the better protecting and preserving such Shipps and Vessels as shall bee imployed in the Coal Trade.

XVIii.

If this Supply fails, the next Aid charged ; if no Aid given before Feb.2. Exchequer charged.

XIX.

Nine Ships, Part of the Forty-three Ships appointed to cruise by 5&6 W. & M.U. to guard die Coal Trade.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall bee allowed to every Master or Owner of any Shipp or Vessel Three months time for the payment of the Duty imposed by this Act good and sufficient Security being given for the same such as the Collector or other Cheif Officer of the Port or Place where such goods shall bee imported or brought shall approve off or if such Master or Owner shall pay present money there shall bee allowed him after the rate of Ten pounds per Centum per Annum for such prompt payment And if any of the Coals for which the Duty hereby granted paid or secured att the importation thereof bee againe exported to any other place of this Kingdome or to any parts beyond the Seas then the aforesaid Duty shall bee wholly repaid or the security vacated upon due proof thereof in usual forme.

XX.

Three Months' Time for paying the Duties on Security.

Duties repaid upon Exportation.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That out of the money that shall bee levied or XXI.

paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loans as otherwise by virtue of this Act and alsoe by one MoS? arising other Act of this present Session of Parliament intituled An Act for granting to his Majesty certaine Rates and by^this and by Duties upon marriages births and burials and upon Batchelors and Widowers for the term of Five yeares for carrying on the Warr against France the sum of Foure hundred forty eight thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds shall bee and is hereby appropriated for the services of the Navy and Ordnance for Sea Service performed and to bee performed and for pay of the Officers and Soldiers of the Two Marine Regimentf (that is to say) out of this present Act Two hundred thousand pounds and out of the last recited Act the sum of Two hundred forty eight thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds And that all other moneys which shall bee levied and paid by virtue of this and the aforesaid Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loans as otherwise shall bee applied and appropriated and is hereby appropriated to and for the payment of his Majesties Land Forces and Armies and the paying for arms ammunition and other charges incident to the warr and not otherwise.

And for the more effectual doeing thereof and that the sums by this Act appropriated may not bee diverted or applied to any other purpose then is hereby declared and intended Bee it enaCked by the authority aforesaid That the rules and directions appointed and enacted in One Act made in the First yeare of his Majesties Reigne intituled An Act for a grant to their Majesties of an aid of Two shillingf in the pound for One yeare for the speedy payment of money thereby granted into the Receipt of the Exchequer by the Collectors and Receivers and for distribution and application thereof and keeping distinCt accounts of the same and all other provisions pains penalties and forfeitures thereby enacted in case of diversion of any money thereby appropriated are hereby revived and enacted to bee in force and shall bee practised applied executed and putt in ure for and concerning the distribution and application of the said sums hereby appropriated as fully amply and effectually as if the same were here particularly repeated and re-enacted.

XXII.

Rules in i W. & M. Scss. 2. c.I. to be observed as to Execution of this Act.

1 or O.

1 Coasts O.

7 P

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. IB.

A.D. 1694.

XXIII. Mctage of Coals to be taken as it now is, and Account on Oath.

XXIV.

Recital that French Alamodes are unduly imported and sold.

Trading in Alamodes, &c. hot having the Custom-House Mark

Penalty -£ioo.

XXV. Buyer of Goods discovering the Seller, discharged, and to have Half the Penalty.

XXVI. Counterfeiting or misapplying the Mark

Penalty agioo.

XXV11.

Recital of 5 & 6 W. & M. C. 21.

§ 4, 5. and of certain Doubts therein as to renewing Licences to Stages.

Commissioners for the Hackney Coaches have no Power to grant Licences for longer Time than June 1695.

XXVIII. Indemnity to Commissioners for Mistakes under the said Act.

Provided always and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the weight meetage and admeasurement of all Coal or Culme brought to or landed in the Port of London or in any other Port or Place where there are swome Coal Meeters shall bee taken by such Coal Meeters for the time being as now it is and they to give an account thereof upon Oath in manner aforesaid Any thing in this A ft contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas notwithstanding the seals and marks that are appointed and used by the Commissioners of his Majesties Customes upon forreigne blank Alamodes and Lustringf in order to prevent fraudf and the seal and seals alsoe used by the Lustring Company ill men doe daily import fraudulently great quantities of French Alamodes and Lustringf in this Realme and doe utter and sell the same by which means alsoe they have opportunities to export Wooll and Moneys out of England to the great prejudice of this Nation. For remedy whereof bee it enabled by the authority aforesaid that noe person or persons shall presume to deal or sell buy or sell againe or send beyond sea any black Alamodes or Lustringf unlesse they have the seal or seals mark or marks which are already used for forreigne goods att the Custome House or the seale and mark alsoe used by the Lustring Company for the goods manufactured by them in England under the forfeiture of all such unqualified goods and alsoe shall forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds for every offence One halfe to the use of his Majesty his Heires and Successors and the other halfe to the use of such person or persons who shall sue for the same to bee recovered by action of debt bill plaint [or1] information or otherwise in any of his Majesties Courts of Record att Westminster wherein hoe essoigne protection priveledge or wager of law shall bee allowed and noe more then One imparlance.

And bee it alsoe enacted by the authority aforesaid That if the Buyer of such goods not sealed according to law shall within Twelve months after such offence committed discover the person or persons of whom hee shall buy the same hee shall not onely bee discharged of the Penalty to which hee is hereby liable but shall alsoe have and receive to his owne use one moiety of the sum hereby imposed upon the party or parties that shall sell or dispose of any such Alamodes and Lustringf without the seal or marks aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted That if any person or persons shall alter counterfeit or misapply any of the seals or marks now used and hereby required to bee used for the purposes aforesaid such Offender shall forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds to such person or persons who shall sue for the same to bee recovered in like manner as is herein before mentioned.

And whereas upon the Ack made the last session of Parliament intituled An Act for licensing and regulateing Hackney Coaches and Stage Coaches the Comissioners being thereby enabled to license Stage Coaches and it being enacted That no Licence continue longer then for One yeare from the date thereof And it being alsoe enacted by the said Act That noe person shall presume to drive or lett to hire any Stage Coach or Coach Horses without haveing such leave or licence as the said Act diredf it hath been doubted whether the said Comissioners might make newr licences for Stage Coaches after the determination of the first and soe to continue for the terme of One and twenty yeares and what was intended by the general [prohition1] of Stage Coaches (not haveing such licences) without haveing any restraint or limitation of ume For explaineing of which doubts Bee it enacted and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid that nothing in the said Act contained shall extend or bee construed any way to impower any Comissioners that are or shall bee appointed by virtue of the said Act to make or grant any licence to any person or persons whatsoever to drive or lett to hire any Stage Coach or Coach Horses to continue

or bee in force after the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety five. And it is hereby

declared and enacted that all leases and licences heretofore made and which are to continue after the said Foure and twentieth day of June as for all the time after the said Foure and twentieth day of June shall bee and are hereby declared null and void to all intentf and purposes whatsoever.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend or bee

construed to bee any prohibition whereby any person shall bee restrained from driveing or letting to hire any Stage

Coach or Coach Horses from and after the said Foure and twentieth day of June And if the said Commissioners or any of them by reason of the obscurity of the said Act have made any mistake by granting or giveing licences to drive or lett to hire Stage Coaches or Coach horses to continue longer or after the said Foure and twentieth day of June for soe doeing they and every of them are hereby indempnified.

0. omits.

v Prohibition 0.

y/Z). 16.94.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 19, 20.

607

CHAPTER XIX.

An Act for imprisoning Sir Thomas Cook Sir Bazill Firebrace Charles Bates Esq^ and James Craggf and

restraining them from aliening their estates.

WHEREAS by several informations and examinations taken before certaine Committees of both Houses W dureing this present Session of Parliament it doth appeare [That1] there have been diverse practices (*) by corrupt meanes [to procure5] a Charter and an Act of Parliament to bee granted and passed relateing to the East India Company And Sir Thomas Cooke Knight Sir Bazill Firebrace Knight Charles Bates Esq^ and James Craggf have been privy to the same and haveing not upon their examinations hitherto made a full or satisfactory discovery concerning the premisses, Now to the end that their persons and estates may bee secured so as to answer and bee liable to justice in Parliament Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That the said Sir Thomas Cooke Sir Bazill Firebrace Charles Bates and James Craggf shall bee and are hereby committed to the Tower of London there to remaine in custody without bail or mainprize until the end of the next Session of Parliament unlesse they shall sooner bee discharged by his Majesty by the consent of the Two Houses of Parliament.

And bee it enabled by the authority aforesaid That the said Sir Thomas Cooke Sir Bazill Firebacc Charles Bates and James Craggf shall from and after the First day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six

hundred ninety and five dureing the time in which they shall or ought to bee detained in custody by virtue of

this Act bee disabled from aliening settling charging or incumbring any of their lands tenementf or hereditamentf otherwise then by their last wills and testamentf in case they shall happen to die within the said time And alsoe shall dureing the [said time4] bee disabled from conveying or granting of any of their personal estate in trust for themselves their wives or children and alsoe from otherwise disposeing of any of their personal estate except for the subsistance of themselves and their families or for paying such just debts as are or shall bee due or contracted before the Three and twentieth day of April in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and five and except perishable goods.

Provided that this Act shall not extend to disable them from disposeing of any of their estates by their last wills and testamentf in case they shall happen to die dureing the time aforesaid.

[Provided always That the said Sir Bazill Firebrace may give with his daughter in marriage such portion and provision as hee hath already agreed to give not exceeding the value of Twenty thousand pounds Any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.5]

CHAPTER XX.

An Act for the Kings most gracious general and free pardon.

WILLIAM. R.

THE Kings most excellent Majesty observing that his Royal inclination to mercy (which hath appeared as well by a most general and free pardon as by many particular instances of grace extended to such as had made

themselves obnoxious to the Laws) hath not had soe good an effect as might justly bee expected but on the

contrary diverse obstinate and incorrigible persons have been thereby rather encouraged and emboldened to enter into treasonable and seditious designes and practices hath heretofore upon mature deliberation found it necessary in order to the peace and quiet of his Kingdomes and the happy estate of his good Subjeflf and hath accordingly

resolved and determined for the future that such wicked and ill disposed persons who are not to bee reclaimed

by mercy should bee deterred from offending and retained in their duty by a strict and impartial execution of his Law's yett neverthelesse his Majesty being still desirous to pursue his Princely disposition to forgive and resolving that his clemency shall precede his justice thereby to leave utterly without excuse all such of his Subjects who after soe publick a warning and soe full a declaration of his Royal purpose attended with his repeated Ad of grace shall hereafter presume to violate their duty and allegiance and break the Laws and hath accordingly thought fitt to grant his general and free pardon in a more large and bountiful manner than hath been heretofore done. And therefore his Majesty is well pleased and contented that it bee enacted by the authority of this present Parliament and bee it enacted by the authority of the same in manner and forme following that is to say That all and every his Majesties Subjects as well Spiritual as Temporal of this his Majesties Realme of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed their heires executors and administrators and every of them and all and singuler Bodies in any manner of wise corporated Cities Burroughs Shires Ridingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages Hamlettf and Tythingf and every of them and the successor and successors of every of them shall bee by authority of this present Parliament acquitted pardoned released and

Rot. Parl. pt. 6.

Recital that an Act of Parliament and Charter relating to the East India Company had been obtained with the Privity of Sir Thomas Cooke and others, and that they had not made any full Discovery relating thereto.

The said Persons committed to the Tower.

II.

And disabled during such Commitment from aliening their Estates, &c.

except for Subsistence.

III.

Proviso for Power to dispose by Will.

IV.

Proviso for Sir Bazill Firebrace giving a Portion with uis Daughter.

Hot. Pari. pt. 6.

A Pardon of all Crimes to all Subjects.

1 interlined on the Roll. * time aforesaid O.

to procure 0. 5 0. omits.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

A.D. 1694.

Pains of Death, &c.

not hereafter excepted.

before and unto 29th April 1695.

discharged against his Majesty his heires and successors and every of them of and from all manner of treasons felonies misprisions of treason treasonable and seditious words or libels misprisions of felony seditious and unlawfull meetingf and conventicles and all offences whereby any person may bee charged with the penalty and danger of premunire And alsoe of and from all riotf routs offences contemptf trespasses entries wrongs deceits misdemeanors forfeitures penalties and sums of money pains of death pains corporal and pains pecuniary and generally of and from all other things causes quarrels suites judgementf and executions in this present Act not hereafter excepted or foreprized which may bee or can bee by his Majesty in any wise or by any means pardoned had done comitted omitted perpetrated incurred or forfeited before and unto the Twenty ninth day of Aprill in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety five.

II.

The Pardon to be as jrood as if all Things were particularly named;

and the King's Subjects not to be sueu, &c. for any Matter done, Stc. against the Crown before the said 29th April, except as herein mentioned,

And alsoe the Kings most excellent Majesty is contented that it bee enacted by the authority of this present Parliament and bee it enabled by the authority of the same That this his free pardon shall bee as good and effectual in law to every of his said Subjedf Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed in for and against all things which bee not hereafter in this present Act excepted and forprized as the same pardon should have been if all offences contemptf forfeitures causes matters suits quarrels judgementf executions penalties and all other things not hereafter in this present Act excepted and foreprized had been particularly singularly specially and plainely named rehearsed and specified and alsoe pardoned by proper and expresse words and names in their kinds natures and qualities by words and termes thereunto requisite to have been putt in and expressed in this present Act of free pardon And that his said Subjedf or any of them the heires executors or administrators of any of them or the said bodies corporate and other before named and rehearsed or any of them bee not nor shall bee sued vexed or unquieted in their bodies goods chattels lands or tenementf for any matter cause contempt misdemeanor forfeiture trespasse offence or any other thing suffered done or comitted or omitted before the said Twenty ninth day of April against his Majesty his Crowne Dignity Prerogative or the Laws or Statutes of this Realme but onely for such matters causes and offences as bee rehearsed mentioned or in some ways touched in the exceptions of this present Act to bee foreprized and excepted and for none other Any statute or statutes laws customes or usages heretofore had made or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III.

Grant of all Forfeitures incurred before said 29th April to the Subject.

IV. Grants or Executions upon Forfeitures how far of force.

V.

Any Person may plead this Pardon.

Fee.

VI.

Pardon expounded most beneficially for the Subject.

VIL Officer offending in making out Process, or taking Money for Things pardoned

And his Majesty of his bounteous liberality and by the authority of this present Parliament doth grant and freely give to every of his Subjedf every of the said Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed and every of them all Goods Chattells Debts Fines Issues Profittf Amerciamentf Forfeitures and Sums of Money by any of them forfeited wffiich to his Majesty doe or shall belong or appertaine by reason of any Offence Contempt Trespasse Entry Misdemeanor Matter Cause or Quarrel suffered done or committed by them or any of them before the said Twenty-ninth day of April which bee not hereafter in this present Act foreprized and excepted.

And bee it enacted neverthelesse That all Grants thereof or of any part thereof made by any such as have soe forfeited the same and are hereby restored as aforesaid and all Executions thereof or of any part thereof had against any such after such Forfeiture thereof committed or made shall bee of such force and effect as if noe such Forfeiture had been had or made and of noe other the same Forfeiture or any thing before in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted That all and every his Majesty's Subjedf and all and singuler Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed may by him or themselves or by his or their deputy or deputies or by his or their attorney or attorneys according to the Law of this Realme plead and minister this present Act of free pardon for his or their discharge of or for any thing that is by virtue of this present Act pardoned discharged given or granted without any fee or other thing paying to any person or persons for writeing or entry of the Judgementf or other Cause concerning such plea writing or entry but onely Sixteen pence to bee paid to the Officer or Clerk that shall enter such plea or matter for judgement or the parties discharge in that behalfe Any Law Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And furthermore his Majesty is contented and pleased that it bee enacted by the authority aforesaid That this his free pardon by the general words clauses and sentences before rehearsed shall bee reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken in all manner of Courts of his Majesty and elsewhere most beneficial and available to all and singular the said Subjedf Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed and to every of them in all things not in this present Act excepted and foreprized without any ambiguity question or (‘) delay whatsoever to bee made pleaded objected or alledged by the Kings Majesty his Heires or Successors or by his or any of their general attorney or attorneys or by any person or persons for his Majesty or any of his Heires or Successors.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Officer or Clerk of any of his Majesties Courts commonly called the Chancery Kings Bench Coinon Pleas or Exchequer or any other Officer or Clerk of any (2) his Majesties Courts within this Realme att any time after the last day of Trinity Terme One thousand six hundred ninety five make out or write out any writtf processe sumons or other precept whereby any of the said Subjedf or of the Bodies Corporate or others before rehearsed or any of them shall bee in any wise arrested attached distrained summoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or grieved in his or their Bodies Lands Tenementf Goods or Chattells or any of them for or because of any manner of thing pardoned or discharged by virtue of this Act or

• other 0.

1 offer 0.

A.D. 16*94.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

609

if any Sheriff or Escheator or any their deputy or deputies or any Bayliff or other Officer whatsoever by colour of his or their Office or otherwise after the said last day of Trinity Terme One thousand six hundred ninety five doe levy receive take or withhold of or from any person or psons any thing pardoned or discharged by this Act that then every such person soe offending and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficient testimony witnesse or proof shall yeild and pay for recompence thereof to the party soe grieved or offended thereby his or their treble damages besides all [the1] costs of the Suit and shall alsoe forfeit and lose to the King? Majesty for every

such offence Tennc pounds And neverthelesse all and singuler such writtf processe and preceptf soe to bee made

for or upon any manner of thing pardoned or discharged by this present Act of free pardon shall bee utterly void and of none effect.

Excepted and foreprized out of this Act of general and free pardon all persons against whom any Proclamation hath been published att any time since the Seven and twentieth day of April in the yeare of our Lord One

thousand six hundred ninety foure and before the said Nine and twentieth day of April One thousand six hundred

ninety five.

And alsoe excepted out of this general pardon all persons who have been prisoners of Warr att any time since the First day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine and before the Thirtieth day of April One thousand six hundred nhiety five.

And alsoe excepted all persons who are or shall bee prisoners or under bail for any Crime upon the said Nine and twentieth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety five.

And alsoe excepted and foreprized out of this general and free pardon all persons who are now remaineing condnueing or being in any of the Dominions or Territories belonging to the French King (other than those who are actual prisoners.

And alsoe excepted all such persons who are any ways employed by or in the service of the said French King or are employed by or in the service of the late King James.

And alsoe excepted all persons who have been or shall bee impeached in Parliament dureing this present Session.

And alsoe excepted all and every manner of treasons committed or done by any person or persons in any part? or places out of this Realme of England since the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred eighty eight.

And alsoe excepted all treasons and other offences committed or done contrary to or against an Act of this present Parliament made att a Session held in the Third and Fourth yeares of the reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies.

And alsoe excepted all treasons done or committed upon the high seas and all suits punishmentf outlawries judgment^ executions paines of death forfeitures and penalties for or by reason or occasion of any the treasons and offences before excepted.

And alsoe excepted all offences comitted or done by any Officers Mariners Soldiers or others contrary to or against an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth yeare of the reigne of King Charles the second intituled An Act for the establishing articles and orders for the regulateing and better government of his Majesties Navy Ships of Warr and Forces by Sea.

And alsoe all offences comitted or done against an Act made in the first yeare of the reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France and another Act made in the second yeare of the said reigne of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for the more effectual putting in execution the said last menebed Act and against an Act of this present Parliament made att a Session held in the Fourth and Fifth yeares of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for continuing the Aftf for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France and for the encouragement of Privateers or against any of them.

And alsoe excepted out of this free pardon all offences of forgeing and false counterfeiting the Great or Privy Seal Signe Manual or Privy Signett or of any of the Moneys currant within this realme and alsoe all offences of clipping washing fileing scaling lightning impaireing or other unlawfull diminishing any (l) of the said moneys by any ways or means whatsoever contrary to the laws and statutes of this realme.

And alsoe except the offences of bringing into this realme any false or counterfeit money made or counterfeited out of this realme knowing the same to bee counterfeit and uttering any such false or counterfeit money and all misprisions and concealmentf of the treasons before excepted and all abetting aiding comforting and procuring of the same offences or any of the said treasons before excepted

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all escapes of tray tors or others and the offences of being consenting or accessary thereto or permitting the same.

And alsoe excepted all manner of voluntary murders petit treasons and wilfull poisoningf done or committed by any person or persons and alsoe all wilfull burning of houses or bames with come in them att the time of such burning and all and every the accessaries of the same offences or any of them.

And alsoe excepted and foreprized out of this general pardon all piraces and robberies done upon the seas and

all and every procuring or abetting any such offenders and the comforting and receiving of them or any of them

or of any goods taken by way of Piracy or robbery upon the seas as aforesaid.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all burglaries and all breaking into and stealing out of any dwelling

house or [or3] houses in the day and all accessaries to any the said burglaries and felonies.

And alsoe excepted all robberies of Churches and stealing any plate utensils or goods of or belonging to the same And alsoe all robberies committed upon any person or persons in or neare the highway.

' 0. omits.

* any 0.

5 O. omits.

7 Q

or Sheriff taking or withholding Things pardoned.

Penalty ^io. and Treble Damages and Costs.

Process void.

yin.

Exceptions.

Persons against whom there has been aProclamation.

Prisoners of War.

Prisoners under Bail for Crimes.

Persons in Territories of France.

Persons employed by the French King, &c.

Persons impeached this Session. Treasons out of the Realm.

Treasons, &c.

3 & 4 (3) W. Sc M. c. 13.

Treasons upon the Seas, &c.

Offences against 13 Car. II. Stat. 1.

c.9.

Offences against

1 W. Sc M. Sess. i.

c.34.

2 W. & M. Sess. 2. c. 14.

4 & 5 W. & M. c.a5.

Forging Great Seal, &c. and Coiners diminishing the Coin.

Bringing in and uttering false Money, See.

Escapes of Traitors.

Murders, Petit Treasons, Ike.

Piracies.

Burglaries, ,Vc.

Robberies of Church and on the Highway.

610

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

Buggery.

Rape.

Taking away Women.

Perjury, Forgery, Subornation, counterfeiting Fine*, &c.

Forging Examinations of Witnesses tending to take away Life. Offences against 25 Car. II. c. 2.

Offences against 30 Car. II. Stat. 2.

Destroying Timber in Forests.

High Treason and all Offences against any Ad (except about Apprentices) already prosecuted;

and Forfeitures, Sic. for which Action has been brought as herein mentioned.

Informations concerning Bridges, &c. depending.

Embezzling the King's Goods, &c.

Conveying Stores, &c. to the French King. Breach of Covenant with the King.

Actions of Quare

Impcdit.

Incest, Simony,&c. Adultery and other Crimes by Persons in Orders.

First Fruits, See*

Bishops not discharged, &c.

Concealment of Duties.

And alsoe excepted the detestable and abominable vice of buggery committed with mankind or beast.

And alsoe excepted all rapes and carnal ravishmentf of women.

And aisoe excepted all ravishmentf and wilful takeing away or marrying of any widdow maid or damsel against her will or without the assent or agreement of her parents or such as then had her in custody and all offences of aiding and comforting procureing or abetting any such ravishmentf wilful 1 takeing or marrying had committed or done.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all offences of perjury and subornation of witnesses and endeavouring or conspireing to bribe and corrupt any person to give a false testimony and the offences of forgeing and counterfeiting and solicitation of forgeing and counterfeiting any fines or other records deeds wills escriptf or writcingf whatsoever and alsoe the offences of forgeing or counterfeiting Seamens dekettf or authorities for receiving any sums of money due to Seamen And all offences of forgeing and counterfeiting any examinations or testimonies of any witnesse or witnesses tending to bring any person or persons into danger of his life and all procureing or [concealing1] of any such forgeries or counterfeitingf had made committed or done.

And alsoe excepted out of this Act of general pardon all offences committed or done contrary' to or against an Act of Parliament made in the Five and twentieth yeare of the reigne of King Charles the Second intituled An Act for preventing dangers which may happen from Popish Recusantf.

And alsoe excepted all offences committed against an Act of Parliament made in the Thirtieth yeare of the reigne of the said King Charles the Second intituled An Act for the more effectual preserving the Kings Person and Government by disableing Papistf from sitting in either House of Parliament and all forfeitures paines penalties and disabilities which any person or persons is are or may bee liable to by reason of any of the said offences committed against either of the said statutes.

And alsoe excepted all offences committed in any Forest since the Thirteenth day of February One thousand six hundred eighty eight in cutting downe takeing away or destroying any timber or trees or any fences or inclosures of or in the said Forestf.

And alsoe excepted all offences of high treason and all other offences misdemeanors contemptf or other Act or deed had suffered committed or done contrary to any Act of Parliament (other then useing or causeing to bee used any craft mystery or occupation by any persons not brought upp therein seven yeares as an apprentice) or contrary to the common law of this realine And all forfeitures and other penalties and profittf now due accrued and growne and which shall or may bee due accrue or grow to the Kings Majesty by reason of any the crimes or offences aforesaid whereof or for which any action bill plaint information or indictment att any time within two yeares next before the day of assembling and holding of this Parliament or att any time since hath been found commenced or sued in any of his Majesties courts att Westminster or before any Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer Goal Delivery or Justices of Assize and is depending and remaining to bee prosecuted or whereupon any verdict judgment or decree is already given or entred or whereof or whereupon his Majesty or her Majesty the late Queen of blessed memory by his or her bill signed or otherwise have or hath made any gift or assignment to any person or persons before the said Thirtieth day of April One thousand six hundred ninety five And all awardf of court orders sentences judgementf executions and proceeding^ had or to bee had upon or concerning or by reason or occasion of any such offence misdemeanor contempt aft or deed.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all informations indiclmentf and other proceeding(' depending concerning any common high-ways or bridges and all issues returned upon any processe concerning the same since the Twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred seventy nine.

And alsoe excepted all offences in taking away imbezling or purloyning any of the Kings Majesties goods monies chattells jewels armour munition stores naval provisions shipping ordnance and other habilimentf of warr and all offences in conveying to the French King or any of his subjeftf any naval stores or commodities or contraband goods or supplying him or them with the same.

And alsoe excepted all conditions and covenantf and all penalties titles and forfeitures of conditions or covenantf accrued or growne to his Majesty by reason of the breach and not performeing of any covenant and condition whatsoever.

And alsoe excepted all titles suites and actions of Quare impedit.

And alsoe excepted all offences of incest simony or dilapidations.

And alsoe excepted adultery extortion and all other enormous crimes committed by any person in holy orders punishable in any ecclesiastical court and all proceeding^ and sentences thereupon.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all first fruits and tenths pensions procurations synodals and other payment f out of any ecclesiastical promotion or benefice other then arreares of tenths which att any time before the said First day of this Session of Parliament did become due for upon or out of any small rectory vicaridge or benefice which att the true and greatest valuation and improvement is not of the yearely value of Thirty pounds and which shall bee soe certified [to1] the respective bishopp or guardians of the spiritualties to his Majesties Courts of Exchequer before the last day of Michaelmasse terine One thousand six hundred ninety five. Provided that this shall not bee construed to pardon or discharge any Bishopp or Receiver of or from answering or paying any of the said arreares by him received.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all and every the sums of money and dudes following and the concealment or wrongfull detainment thereof (that is to say) of any custome or subsidy excise arreares of hearth-money imposition upon wine or other liquors or commodities duties upon salt dudes upon the tunage of shipps dudes upon parchment velum and paper arreares of any land tax poll money arreares of rent and all other sums

• by 0.

1 councelling 0.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. c. 20.

61]

of money due or oweing from any licensed hackney or stage coachmen duties ariseing by wine licences or the post-office or any other tax assessment duty imposition debt or sum of money whatsoever to the Kings Majesty given or leviable by any Act of Parliament or otherwise due or belonging to the Kings Majesty and all arreares thereof and all forfeitures penalties and disabilities ariseing thereby or for (‘) nonpayment concealment or detayning thereof and all corruptions and misdemeanors of any officer or minister of in or concerning the same and all accounts and suits whatsoever to bee had made or prosecuted for the same and all concealmentf fraudf and offences by which his Majestie hath been deceived and not truely answered of or for the same.

And alsoe excepted out of this Act of pardon all misbehaviours misdemeanors or omissions committed suffered or done by any officer in or concerning the execution of his office and all forfeitures and penalties to which any officer is or may bee liable by reason of such misbehaviours misdemeanors or omissions and all suits proceedingf & prosecutions had or to bee had for or by reason thereof.

Yett neverthelessc the forfeitures of Five hundred pounds and all other penalties and disabilities which have been incurred by any person before the said Twenty ninth day of April in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety [five*] or which any person or persons is are or may bee liable to for writing or causing to bee

written before the said Twenty ninth day of April any matter or thing upon parchment velum or paper not

stampt according to the direction of an Act of this present Parliament made in the Fifth and Sixth yeares (1) of King William and Queen Mary intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several duties upon velum parchment and paper for Foure yeares toward f carrying on the warr against France are hereby fully pardoned and discharged.

And alsoe excepted all and every manner of taking from the Kings Majesty or from the Kings and the late Queens Majesties or the late [King4] Charles the Second and [King5] James the Second or either of them any goods or chattel Is forfeited by reason of any treason petit treason murder or felony heretofore committed or done and alsoe all and every manner of taking from his Majesty or from his Majesty and the said late Queen or either of the

said late Kings the issues rents revenues or profittf of any mannor lands tenementf or hereditamentf which

were of any traytor murderer felon clerk or clerkf attainted or any of them and alsoe all and all manner of taking from the Kings Majestie or from the said King and the late Queens Majesties or either of the said late Kings the issues rents revenues and profittf of any mannor lands tenementf or hereditamentf parcell of the possessions of any bishoprick the teinporaldes whereof upon the Twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seventy nine or att any time since wrere or of right ought to have been in his their

or either of their hands.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all arrearages of rent due from any farmer of any part of the revenue ariseing by customs excise or hearth-money or impositions upon proceedingf att law or by any other branch or part of the publick revenue and all arrearages of fee farme rents and other rents.

And alsoe excepted all and singular accounts of all and every Collector and Collectors Commissioners Tresurers Receivers or other Officers or Accountantf whatsoever who have received or collected or are any other way accountable to his Majestie for any subsidy custome subsidy of tunnage and poundage additional duty prize goods

excise arreares of hearth-money impositions upon wines and other liquors or comodities duties upon salt duties

upon the tunnage of shipps duties upon parchment velum and paper arreares of any land tax poll-money arreares of rent or other sums of money for licensing hackney and stage coaches duties ariseing by wine licences or the post-office or any other tax assessment duty imposition debt sum of money or other things whatsoever given to the Kings Majesty or leviable by Act of Parliament or otherwise belonging to his Majesty and which have growne due or happened since the Twenty fifth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seventy three and all accounts of every other person whatsoever that ought to bee Accountant to the Kings Majestie for or in respect of any receipt or other charge which hath growne since the said Twenty fifth day of March and the heires executors administrators and sureties of any person that ought to account for all things touching onely the same accounts and all and singuler arrearages of accounts and untrue accounts made or rendred since the said Twenty fifth day of March and all impeddons charges seizures suites demands and executions which may or can bee had of or for any such account or accounts or any arrearages of the same.

And alsoe excepted all recognizances obligauons and other securities given or entred into by any receiver of any land tax or any other duties impositions or other sums of money whatsoever due or payable to his Majesty by Act of Parliament or otherwise or by any reeve bailiffe collector or other accountant in the Court of F.xchequer and their sureties and their accounts [respectively6] and all other recognizances and obligations whatsoever conditioned for payment of money.

Provided always and bee it enacted That this Act shall not extend or bee construed to pardon or discharge any recognizance or obligation not yet forfeited nor to pardon or discharge any forfeited recognizance or obligation or any other forfeiture or penalty whereof the Farmers of the Excise or the Farmers of any other part of the publick Revenue ought to receive any benefitt or advantage Nor to pardon or discharge any debt due by recognizance obligation or other specialty to any person or persons indebted to his Majesty which hath been duely seized in aid of his Majesties debt Nor to pardon or discharge any debt due by recognizance obligation condemnation or otherwise whereupon any estallment or seizure hath been att any time heretofore made upon which estallment or seizure any thing is or att any time since the said twenty fifth day of March hath been answered and paid Nor to pardon or discharge any Penalties Forfeitures (7) Sums of money due or accrued to his Majesty by reason of any Act Statute or Statutes which Forfeitures Penalties and Sums of money since the

Misdemeanors of Officers.

,s£<00 Penalty in 5 & 6 W. & M. c.21. pardoned.

Talcing away Goods, Rents, &c. forfeited to King Charles II. or James II. or His present Majesty and the late Queen.

Rents, &c. of Temporalties in the King's Hands.

Arrearages due from Fanners of the Revenue.

All Accounts, &c. from Collectors, See. to the King,

which have grown due since 2^th March 1673, &c.

Recognizances of Receivers of Land Tax. &c.

I3C.

Recognizances, Src. forfeited and not forfeited as herein mentioned. Specialties to the Crow'll, &c.

Recognizances, &c. whereupon any Seizure hath been made on which any thing hath been paid since the 6aid 25th March, Sec.

* the O.

* Kings O.

* this word is illegible in the original A£L 5 0. omits. 6 interlined on the Roll.

3 of the Reign O.

' of 0.

6°& 7° Gul. & Mar. c.20.

A.D. 1694.

Proviso for Recognizances for Appearance forfeited since the said 25tli March.

Further Exception, Issues, &c. lost, &c.

I ssucs, &c. returned, &c. within a Year before this Parliament.

Proviso for other Fines and Issues.

Estreats of Fines, &c. hereby pardoned, already estreated, to be delivered into the Pipe Office.

Sheriffs and other Accountants may petition for Allowance of Fines, &c. pardoned without Fee.

X.

Further Exception. King Charles the First's Murderers excepted by 12 C. II. c. ix. and the Two Persons appearing upon the Scaffold with Vizors.

This Act not to heal Disabilities.

Further Exception of Persons who have accepted any Office contrary to 12 Car. II. c. II.

Persons attainted of Rebellion.

Persons exiled by express Name, &c.

Twenty fifth day of March bee converted into the nature of any debt by any judgment order decree or by the agreement of the Offender or Offenders or have been estalled or any seizure made for the same And upon such seizure or estallment any thing answered or paid since the said Twenty fifth day of March.

Nevertheless it is hereby declared That all Obligations and Recognizances forfeited since the said Twenty fifth day of March for Non-appearance in any Court or other Place whatsoever or not keeping the Peace or not being of the good behaviour shall bee clearely pardoned and discharged except Recognizances granted to or in trust for the Lord Almoner.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all issues fines (*) amcrciamentf lost imposed or assessed since the said Twenty fifth day of March being totted levied or received by any Sheriff Under-Sheriff Bailiff Minister or other Officer before the last day of Trinity Terme One thousand six hundred ninety five.

And alsoe excepted all issues fines and amerciamentf lost imposed or assessed since the said Twenty fifth day of March affeered taxed sett estreated or entred severally or particularly touching or concerning any one or more persons joyntly or severally above the sum of Six pounds.

And alsoe excepted all issues fines and amerciamentf returned affeered taxed sett or entred severally or particularly in any Court of Record att Westminster att any time within the space of one yeare next before the first day of holding and assembling this present Parliament or att any time since.

And yett neverthelesse all other fines as well fines Pro Licentia Concordandi as others sett taxed estreated or entred before that time and alsoe all issues and amerciamentf as well real as others within any Liberties or without being sett taxed estreated or entred before the time aforesaid and which severally and particularly extend to or under the sum of Six pounds and not above whether they bee estreated or not estreated or whether they bee turned into debt or not turned into debt and not being totted levied or received by any Sheriff Under Sheriff Minister or other Officer before the first day of this present Session of Parliament shall bee freely clearely and plainely pardoned and discharged against the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors by force of this present Act.

And yett neverthelesse all estreatf of such fines issues and amerciamentf as bee now pardoned by this Act and which bee already estreated forth of the Court of Exchequer and bee remaining in the Hands of the Sheriff Under Sheriff or Bailiffe for collecting of the same fines issues and amerciamentf shall upon the returne of the same estreatf bee duely and orderly charged and delivered by Scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer as heretofore hath been accustomed to the intent that thereupon order may bee taken that his Majesty may bee truely answered all such fines issues and amerciamentf not by this Act pardoned and which any Sheriff Under Sheriff Bailiffe or other Officer or Minister hath received or ought to answer by force or colour of any such estreat processe or precept to him or them made for the levying thereof.

And yett that notwithstanding all and every Sheriff' and Sherifff and other Accountantf upon his or their petition or petitions to bee made for the allowance of (*) such fines issues or amerciamentf as by this Act are pardoned shall have all and every such his and their petition allowed in his and their account and accounts without paying any fee or reward to any Officer Clerk or other Minister for the making entring and allowing of any such petition or petitions Any usage or custome to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always That this Act shall not extend to pardon discharge or give any Bencfitt whatsoever unto any person or persons who are by name particularly excepted out of the Act of free and general pardon indempnity and oblivion made in the Twelfth yeare of the reigne of his late Majestie King Charles the Second for their execrable treason and horrid murder of his Majesties royal grandfather of gracious memory Nor to those two persons or either of them who being disguised by frockf and vizors appeared upon the Scaffold att the time when the said murder was committed.

Nor shall this present Act give or restore any ability or capacity to take have hold or exercise any office place authority or employment ecclesiastical civil or military to any person or persons who in and by the said last mentioned Act or by virtue or reason of any other Act or [[Ad3] were or are made or become incapable or disabled to have take hold or execute the same or of serving as a Member in Parliament but all and every such person and persons shall remaine and continue under all and every the disabilities and incapacities aforesaid Any thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Nor shall this Act extend to pardon discharge or give any benefitt to any person who if hee after the First day of September One thousand six hundred and sixty hath accepted or exercised or hereafter shall accept or exercise any office ecclesiastical civill or military or any other publick employment within England Wales or the Towne of Berwick upon Tweed is by the said Act made in the Twelfth yeare of King Charles the Second to stand and bee as if hee had been totally by name excepted out of the said last mentioned Act but all and every such persons shall if they have or shall accept any office or employment contrary to the tenour of the [of the4] said last mentioned Act bee out of this Act wholly excepted and foreprized.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all such persons as bee and remaine still attainted or condemned by Act of Parliament or otherwise of or for any rebellion or levying of warr or of and for any conspiracy of any rebellion or levying warr within this realme or any other his Majesties Dominions and all such persons who are attainted or outlawed of or for any treason petit treason murder wilfull poysoning or burglary or robbery upon the highway and all executions therefore.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all such persons who by virtue of any former Act of Parliament are by expresse name exiled or upon whom any other paines penalties or disabilities whatsoever are by any Ad of Parliament inflicted.

1 and O.

• any O.

1 Law 0.

* O. omits.

A.D. 16‘94.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mak. c. 20.

613

And alsoe excepted out of this Act of free and general pardon all such persons who by any Act which hath been or shall bee made dureing this present Session of Parliament are enacted to bee prisoners or detained in custody or disabled to dispose of their estates.

And alsoe excepted out of this present Act all offences in giving or promiseing or in receiving or takeing or

in accepdng of any promise of any sum of money or other gift reward or gratuity for the procureing or assisting

in procureing (') a new Charter or Charter of Restitution to the East-India Company or a Charter for the regulating of the said Company or in order to the obtaining or promoting an Act of Parliament for confirming the East-India Company or in order to prevent or obstruct the passing of an Act of Parliament for [settling or ereftmg1] a new East-India Company or in refusing to give evidence or declare their knowledge touching any of the said offences haveing been thereunto lawfully required.

And alsoe excepted all such persons who after conviction or attainder of or for any manner of felony have desired to bee transported into any of his Majesties forreigne plantations.

And alsoe excepted all such persons who being excepted out of the said Act of general pardon have had any paines or penalties imposed upon them by any subsequent Act of Parliament

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all and every offence and offences committed or done by any Jesuit

Seminary or Romish Priests whatsoever contrary to the tenor or effect of the Statute made in the Seven and

twentieth yeare of the reigne of the late Queen Elizabeth intituled An Act against Jesuitf Seminary Priests and other disobedient persons or of any part thereof And all outlawries proceedingf judgementf and executions for the same offences or any of them.

And except all convictions of Popish Recusantf for their recusancy

Provided always and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe processe of outlawry or proceeding thereon att the suit of any person plaintiffe shall bee by virtue of this pardon stayed or avoyded unlesse the

Defendant appeare and putt in bail where by law bail is necessary and take out a writt of Scire facias against

the party att whose suit hee was outlawed And that this pardon bee not allowed to discharge any outlawry

after judgment till satisfaction or agreement bee made to or with the party att whose suit the outlawry was obtained.

And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons hereby pardoned may plead

the general issue without special pleading of this pardon and give this Act of pardon in evidence for his

discharge and that the same shall bee thereupon allowed and the advantage thereof had as fully to all intentf

and purposes as if the same had been fully and well pleaded and in such manner as any Justice of Peace Constable or any other Officer questioned for matters acted by them as Officers may have the advantage of the matter of their justification upon the general issue by them pleaded by the Laws and Statutes of this Realme.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That this present pardon shall bee of as good force and effect to pardon and discharge all and singuler the premisses above mentioned and intended to bee pardoned and discharged as well against such person or persons bodies politick and corporate as doe or shall claime the same by or under any letters patentf or lease or grant by the Kings Majesty or any his predecessors as against the Kings Majestie himselfe.

[Cui quidem bille in se formam actus continentis prelefte et ad plenum intellefte per distum dominum Regem ex authoritate Parliamenti predci sic responsum est.

Le prelates Seigneurs et communes en ce Parliament assemblez au nom de tous vos autre sujeftf remercient tres humblement votre Majestie et prient Dieu vous donner en sante bonne vie et longue*].

Persons detained in Custody, &c. by Act of this Session.

Persons giving or taking Money, See. for procuring a new Charter, &c. for the East India Company.

Persons who have desired Transportation. Persons formerly excepted out of la Car. II. c. 11. Crimes against 27 Eliz. c. 2.

Recusants

Convictions.

XI. Outlawry not stayed, &c. unless Defendant appear, &c.

XII.

This Act of Pardon may be given in Evidence.

XIII. Good against the King's Grantee and the King.

THE TITLES OF THE PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An Act for rebuilding the Towne of Warwick and for determining differences touching Houses burnt [and4] demolished by reason of the late dreadful fire there.

2. An Act for supplying certaine defeftf in the directions made in and by a Deed of Trust and the last Will of George Pitt Esqs deceased for settling his Estate.

3. An Act for naturalizing of Bernard Cosserat alias [Maurte*] and Alexander Pringli and others.

4* An Act for settling diverse mannors and lands upon the marriage of [the marriage offt] the Marquesse of Tavistock Grandson [to the7] Duke of Bedford.

5. An Act to enable the Guardians of James Earle of Salisbury to make leases of Salisbury House and some other hereditamentf in the Strand in the County of Middx for improvement thereof by building.

1 of O. « erecting or settling 0. 3 The above is the Form of the Assent to this Act on the Roll.

The Assent to the other Acts of general Pardon, T2 Car. II. c. 11. 25 Car. II. c. 3. and 2 W. & M. c. 10. are in the usual Form.

4 or O. Mourte 0. O. omits. • of William O.

614 6° & 7° Gul. & Mar. A.D. 1694.

6. An Act to confirme Two Indentures Tripartite the one of Lease and the other of Release made between the Right Honorable Thomas Earle of Thanett Island of the First Parte the Honorable Sackville Tufton Esq^ of the Second Parte and the Honorable William Cheyne Esq^ and Sir Charles Tufton Knight of the Third Parte and the Estates thereby settled.

7. An Act for the dividing and seding [of1] the Estate of the Coheirs of John late Earle of Rochester (*) and for discharging the Trusts thereupon.

8. An Act for the vesdng the Mannors of Earles Croome ais Jeffreys Croome and Baughton in the County of Worcester in Trustees to bee sold and for settling the Mannor House and Royalty of Wainfleet Saint Marys in the County of Lincolne and diverse Lands parcell of the said Mannor of greater value to and upon the same Uses and to enable Sir Robert Barkham Baronett to make Provision for his younger Children.

9. An Act to vest in Trustees certaine Lands of Sir Jarvase Clifton Barronett in the County of Nottingham for Payment of Debts and raiseing Portions for younger Children.

10. An Act for enableing the Inhabitantf of the Parish of Christs church in the County of Surrey to make rates for raiseing a maintenance for a good and able Minister and for the impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Marshall deceased to imploy moneys for the finishing the said Parish Church.

11. An Act to confirme a Grant made by the Rector of the United Parishes of Saint Michaell Royal & Saint Martins in the Vintrey London of part of Saint Martins Church-yard.

12. An Act to enable Trustees to grant leases of the Lands of Henry [Northley*] Esq> lately de£ed for payment of his debts and providing a maintenance for his children.

13. An Act to vest certaine Lands and Tenementf late of John Estoft of Etton in the County of Yorke Esqs in Trustees to bee sold towards payment of the debts of the said John Estoft and raiseing portions for his Daughters.

14. An Act to Jane Rogers the Widd and Reli& of Brian Rogers late of Falmouth Merchant deceased and Administratrix of his Goods and Chattells with his Will annexed and other Trustees therein named to sell Lands for the payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Brian Rogers in performance of his said Will.

15. An Act for the ratifying and confirmeing a certaine Indenture of Lease of Marton Meare in the County of Lancaster made by the Earle of Derby and others to Thomas Fleetwood Esq^.

16. An Act to vest certaine Lands and Tenementf in Trustees to bee sold for the better provision of the Daughters and Coheirs of Joseph Finch Esq> deceased.

17. An Act to vest in Trustees certaine Lands in Kent and Sussex of John [Caryle4] Esqy for the payin', of Debts and raiseing of Portions for younger Children and to supply the defe&f of a Conveyance intended for those purposes.

18. An Act to vest certaine Lands of Sir William Chaitor Barronett in Yorkeshire and Durham to bee sold for payment of Debts charged [thereof*] and to secure Portions for younger Children.

19. An Act for enableing Sir Paul Whitchcott Knight and Barronett and Dame Jane his Wife to make Leases for Ninety nine yeares of the Mannor of Tooting Graveney and any of their Messuages Lands and Hereditamentf in Tooting Graveney Tooting Beake and Streatham in the County of Surrey for the better Improvement thereof.

20. An Act to enable William Wanley an Infant under the Age of Twenty one yeares to new build several Messuages [and6] Tenementf in Ax-yard Kingstreet Westminster and to enable his Guardian to make one or more Lease or Leases for effecting the same.

21. An Act for Sale of part of the Estate of Jonathan Webb Esqs for Discharge of Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon.

22. An Act to enable Elizabeth Howland the Widdow of John Howland Esqs deceased to settle Lands upon the Marriage of his sole Daughter and Heire and for settling Lands upon the said Widdow Howland for her Life in lieu of Dower and for indempnifying Sir Josias Child and the said Widdow Howland Grandfather and Mother of the said Heire in disposeing of the personal Estate belonging to her upon hex preferment in Marriage she being under Age of One and twenty yeares.

23. An Act for the vesting certain Lands and Tenementf the Estate of George Gilbert Pierce of the Middle Temple London Esqs in Trustees for the raiseing Moneys for the Payment of his Debts.

1 Northleigh G. 6 or 0.

1 O. omits. * Caryll O.

* deceased 0.

* thereon 0.

A.D. 1694.

6° & 7° Gul. & Mar.

615

24. An Act for making Salt-water fresh.

25. An Act to enable Irustees of William Gage Esq^ to raise money by a Mortgage of part of his Estate for the preservation of the Timber growing thereon.

26. An Act for the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hare Barronett lately deceased to raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children.

27. An Act to enable Peter Gollop Gentleman to sell a Farme and certaine Lands called Wantsly and to vest the inheritance thereof in Fee-simple in such person or persons who shall bee purchaser or purchasers thereof from him subject onely to the payment of the sum of One thousand pounds principal money with the interest thereof due and to grow due unto the Executory Estate of Robert Merefeild Gent, deceased.

28. An Act for selling the Estate of John Kirke deceased for payment of his Debts.

29. An Act to enable Hannah Woollaston Widdow and Jonnathan her Son an Infant to sell certaine Lands and Tenementf in Warmford in the County of Southampton for payment of Debts and Legacies according to the Will of Richard Woollaston Esq^ deceased.

---

30. An Act for reversing the Attainder of Jacob Leisler and others.

End of the Statutes of King Willianm and Queen Mary.

[Index removed.]

