PART III.

BEFORE the Committee proceed to offer a Statement of the Laws that at present subsist in the West India Islands, respecting Negro Slaves, arranged under different Titles, they think it right to lay before Your Majesty a General View of the Principles on which this System of Laws appears to have been originally founded, marking the Alterations and Improvements that have been made in them from Time to Time. For this Purpose the following Paper has been prepared by Mr. Reeves, Law Clerk to this Committee.

THE leading Idea in the Negro System of Jurisprudence is that, which was the first in the Minds of those most interested in its Formation; namely, that Negroes were Property, and a Species of Property that needed a rigorous and vigilant Regulation.

The numerous Laws passed in the different Islands immediately upon their first Settlement, and for a considerable Time after, with all their multifarious and repeated Provisions, had uniformly this for their Object. To secure the Rights of Owners and maintain the Subordination of Negroes, seem to have most occupied the Attention, and excited the Solicitude, of the different Legislatures; what regarded the Interest of the Negroes themselves appears not to have sufficiently attracted their Notice.

Except in some few Islands, where a short Direction was given for Cloaths and Provision, the Welfare of these unhappy Objects was left to the Discretion of the Owner; whose Interest in their Preservation might, perhaps, have been judged a better Security for their good Treatment, than any Sanction of Legislative Authority. The Provisions therefore for the Protection, and for improving, the Condition of the Negroes, make a very small Portion of the earlier Policy respecting Slaves. This Branch, however, has of late been taken up by some of the Legislatures; and express Directions have been given to ensure to the Negroes the Enjoyment of many Advantages, tending to alleviate their Condition. In three Islands particularly, Jamaica, Grenada, and Dominica, the Wish to soften the Rigours of their Situation has manifested itself more decidedly. Measures have been devised by the Legislatures of these Islands for placing them in a State of Society, where they will be entitled to a Protection, that in former Times would have been thought incompatible with the Dependance and Subordination of Slavery.

In taking a general View of the Policy prevailing in our Islands, it appears most natural to begin with that Branch, where Slaves are considered as a Species of Property; from thence to proceed to that which contains Regulations for the Correction and Punishment of Offences committed by them; and to conclude with such Provisions, as have been made for their Protection and Encouragement; which latter have been so much encreased by the Wisdom and Humanity of the present Time.

[Slaves considered as Property.]

In all the Islands, One only excepted*, Slaves are considered as Inheritances; and are, accordingly, subject to the Incidents of Real Property; as they go to the Heir, so may the Widow have her Dower of them, and the surviving Husband be Tenant by the Courtesy; and this holds equally, whether Slaves are possessed in Gross, or are attached to a Plantation. But this Quality is subject to some Exceptions, dictated by the Exigencies of Colonies, the Welfare of which has, from the Beginning, depended upon Commerce. In respect to Debts, Slaves are considered in some Measure as Chattels: The Executor may inventory them like other Chattels; but he is not to dispose

* Nevis.

PART III. View of the Principles

---

The Regulation of Slaves.

of them till all other Assets are exhausted. Again, Slaves in the Hands of a Captain, before they are purchased, are considered only as Chattels; this Cafe not coming within the Principle which governed in regard to those possessed by Purchasers on the Island. The Intention was, that Land, when it descended to the Heir, should carry with it the . Stock, which alone could make it valuable; and upon the fame Idea, not only Slaves, but Horses, Mules, Stills, Mills, and various other Sorts of Stock, both Live and Dead, were made Inheritances to accompany the Land. Such has been the Anxiety to preserve Plantations well flocked, that in the single Island *, where the Slaves of a Person dying Intestate are to be distributed as Chattels, the Heir is permitted to retain the Negroes on the Estate for Seven Years, on giving good Security before the Ordinary to satisfy the lawful Claimants at the Expiration of that Period. Executors also, and Trustees, are encouraged to advance Money, in order to avoid the Sale of Negroes belonging to the Plantation; and in such Cases they have a special Lien for their Security. The Property in Slaves is recognized by the Law of England: By Stat. 5 Geo. II. C. 7. they are expressly subjected to Payment of Debts, as Chattels; and since, Stat. 13 Geo. III. C. 14. they may be mortgaged, even to a Foreigner, as Freehold Estate.

For the more sure Execution of the Law against Negroes, who had forfeited their -Litfef for.Crimes, and who might otherwise escape Prosecution by the Connivance or Management of their Owners, it has been found expedient for the Public to reimburse the.Owner the Value of such Negroes. This has been done in different Ways; some-,times by an Allowance of a Sum certain, or a certain Quantity of Sugar; but by later Acts the Negro is to be valued by Two or by Three Freeholders, and the Compensation is to he according to such Appraisement. This Compensation has, in some Islands, been confined to a certain Sum. By a late Law in one Island, it is not to exceed £.50 for a Man, and £. 45 for a Woman Slave. If the Slave’s Offence caused a Damage to any x One, the Value is apportioned between the Party injured, and the Owner of the Offenders In many Islands the Value of Negroes killed in War, or in Pursuit of Runaway Jildves, is to be paid to the Owner.

The earlier Laws for the Regulation of Slaves constitute nearly Nine-tenths of the JLegiflative Provisions made on the Subject of Slaves; so attentive were the Legis-latures iri framing and improving the Oeconomy, by which these People were to be governed. These Regulations, with the Penalties annexed to the Breach of them, may be considered as constituting the Penal Branch of the Negro-Code, and may be divided" into the following Heads: First, such Offences as arise from their peculiar Condition As Slaves; Secondly, such as are common to them with other Persons not in their peculiar Situation; Thirdly, the Mode of Trial and Proceeding with Offenders; to which may be subjoined the Authority to regulate, and to punish, which every Owner exercises in his own Plantation.

The Offences peculiar to their Situation as Slaves, are Breaches of Laws made upon the following Points of Regulation; and these were thought so necessary to the well-ordering of Slaves, that they were made Objects of Legislative Consideration, more or less, in every One of the Islands, without Exception. Thus, Slaves are restrained from trading and trafficking—they are not to fell certain Articles—they are not to let themselves out for Hire to work at mechanic or other Employments, unless With very particular Permission of their Owners—they are not permitted to plant certain Articles—nor to keep Horses and Cattle—Slaves are not to wander abroad—nor carry Fire Arms, or other Weapons, without especial Permission; this Permission is usually signified by a Ticket, or by some White Person accompanying them—they are not permitted to beat Drums or empty Casks, or to blow Horns, to call one another together— they are not to assemble in Numbers for Feaflings, or the like. The higher Order of Offences, as Mutiny—Rebellion—Conspiracy— running away—or going off the Island, constitute the Remainder of the , Regulations that may be classed under this Head# SOmd'of the foregoing Regulations involve other Persons in Offences; for, such as trade and traffic with Slaves; such as permit them to beat Drums, or to assemble at Feaflings; and such as detain wandering, -or runaway Slaves, are liable to Penalties;

3 * Nevis.

and,

; Cl

of the Slave Laws.

and, in many other Instanees, the Regulations above mentioned are extended to ill Persons,. who assist Skves in offending against them* L i

Without entering into a Comparison of the Manner in which these Points arse dr-tiered in each Island, which would lead to a Detail both’ irksome and unnecessary, it will be sufficient, for the Purpose of opening the Nature and Spirit of this Branch of the Negro Oeconomy, to give some Examples of such Regulations; taken promis-cuOufly from different Islands.

First, of the Regulations respecting the 'Trading of Slaves.—No Slaves shall keep Of* Slaves a Shop, or fell any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Rum, Or any other strong Liquors, trading, either for themselves or their Owners, in any House, in the public Streets, or in the Country; such Goods may be seized under a justice’s Warrant: But this is not to prevent Slaves, from felling Fresh Fish, Fresh Meat, Poultry, or any other Produce or Manufacture of this Island, except Rum, and other strong Liquors *.

i

Again.—It shall not be lawful for a Slave to fell any Thing (except Greens, Herbs,

Grass, Wood, Roots, Food made of Roots, Crabs, Fresh Butter, Fresh Fish, and the Slave’s own Manufacture) without a Ticket under the Hand of the Owner or Manager, specifying the Things to be sold; otherwise the Things may be taken away by any Person. A Penalty of £. 20 is imposed on those, who purchase of a Slave contrary to this Regulation-f-* Slaves bartering and trading are to receive Twenty-one ^Stripes on the bare Back, by Order of a Justice. In some Islands the Slaves felling Articles, that are permitted, are to have a Metal Collar about their Necks or Legs, with the Name of the Master, the Parish, and the Maker J.

No Slave is to plant Cotton, or to fell it, either with or without a Ticket; and any Planting. Person buying Cotton from a Slave is to forfeit £. 20. An Owner or Manager fuf- a . faring Slaves to plant Cotton for themselves, or suffering that to grow, which they had -c planted, is to forfeit £. 20. The fame Penalty is laid on those, who buy Cotton from a Slave §. A Person taking away such Things as a Slave is permitted lawfully to fell, is liable to the fame Penalty; out of which the Slave is to be compensated for his Loss. Ginger is an Article in some Islands that Slaves are prohibited from planting or •felling.

An Owner suffering a Slave to go at large, and hire himself to any One, to follow Hiring any Trade, Occupation, or Calling, is to forfeit £.10 for each Slave, and give Security themselves in £. 100 that the fame Slave, or any other, shall not do the like. There is a Penalty out* of £. 10 on a Person hiring, or employing such Negro, without agreeing with the Owner. Those felling Rum, or other strong Liquor, to Slaves, or to their Use, are to forfeit 20 s.Those who buy such Liquor for Slaves, are to pay 20 or receive Ten Lathes on the bare Back ||.

An Owner or Manager having on his Plantation a Horse or Mule, the reputed Pro- Keeping perty of any Slave, shall cause them to be seized, and sold at public Outcnr; and if he Horses, &c. hegleft to take them, knowing them so to be reputed, he is to forfeit £. 20. He is stot to suffer arty Horse or Mule to be kept, under die like Penalty. Those foiling Horses or Mules to Slaves are liable to the fame Penalty. All Horses or Mules so . bought are forfeited

As to wandering.—No Slave is to be suffered (except on Sunday) to go out of his Wandering. Master’s Plantation, or travel from one Town to another, unless he has a Ticket from his Master, expressing the Time of his setting out, where he is going, and the Time limited for his Return, under the Penalty of the Master forfeiting 40 s. for every Slave so wandering, and the Slave being committed to Gaol, and there whipped with, not exceeding Thirty-nine Lathes, by Order of a Justice *. In some Islands they art not to go abroad on Sunday without a Ticket

* Nevis, 1737. N®ni. 10. t Nevis, 1^39. N° 115. 1,2,3, t Barbadoes.

Barbadoes, 6, 7. ]j Barbadoes. Jamaica.

* Jamaica. tt Montserrat.

PART III.

View of the Principles

Any Owner or Manager suffering Slaves to ajj'emble together, and tLeir Military Drums, empty Calks, and great Gourds, or blow their Horns or Shells, on any Plantation under his Care; or not endeavouring to disperse them, or prevent the fame by immediately giving Notice thereof to the next Magistrate, shall pay a Fine of £. 50. Officers, Civil and Military, are allowed to enter Plantations to prevent such Affem-bling. Drumming, and Noises. It is declared, however, that this shall not prevent Slaves assembling for their Amusement. These Restrictions proceeded from the Experience, that Rebellions had often been concerted at Dances and Nightly Meetings of Slaves from different Plantations; which Meetings generally produced Intoxications, and were otherwise found to injure the Health of the Negroes *.

Having Fire Any Slave having in his Custody Fire Arms, Gunpowder, Slugs, or Ball, and being Arms. thereof convicted before Two Justices, is to suffer such Punishment as they shall think proper, by whipping, or hard Labour in the Workhouse, not exceeding the Term of Six Months, unless such Slave give a satisfactory Account thereof, or have a Ticket from his Owner or Overseer, expressing the Reason of his being armed; and no Ticket so given is to continue in Force for more than Fourteen Days. No Negro is to ’be allowed to hunt Cattle with Cutlasses, or other Instruments of Death, but in Company with his Owner or Overseer, or some White Person deputed by him, or by Permission in Writing, on Pain of such Punishment as any Two Justices, on Conviction thereof, shall think fit -j-.

Search is to be made in Negro Houses by the Overseers, at certain Periods, for Clubs and other mischievous Weapons, as well as for stolen Goods and Runaway Slaves.

OfRunaway The Regulations respecting the apprehending of Runaway Slaves are very nurae-Slaves. rous;. A Slave who has been absent for any Length of Time, or at a certain Distance from his Plantation, comes within the Penalty of a Runaway. In One Island a Slave who is found Eight Miles from his Plantation without a Ticket or other Permit to pals, is deemed a Runaway. In different Islands Absence for Six Months, or Two. Months, or for Three Months at any One Time, or for Six Months in Two Years, makes a Slave a Runaway. This is an Offence uniformly punished with Death by the old Laws; but by some recent Acts the Manner of dealing with Runaways is very, much altered.

t,

7 In Jamaica, by the late Act, passed in December 1788, a Slave who harbours a

Runaway is, on Conviction before Two Justices, to suffer such Punishment as the Cotirt shall award. A Reward of Ten Shillings each is given to those who apprehend Runaways, besides the Expence of conducting the Runaway to his Owners, at so much a Mile, called Mile Money. Severe Penalties are inflidlcd on those who fumifh such Runaways with forged Tickets, to give Colour and Licence to their Absence; and no Ticket is to be in Force for more than a Calendar Month.

In order that it may be publicly known what Slaves have run away. Lifts of them are to be delivered in on Oath, Four Times a Year, by the Owner or Overseer. By the new as well as . old Acts, there are very particular Directions for the Conveyance of Runaways to their Owners; and, if they are not known, or they decline receiving them, then to the Gaol, to the Custody of the Provost Marshal, who is strictly enjoined to provide for their Maintenance, till, upon their not being owned, they are fold according to Law by public Outcry.

m In Grenada, where the old Laws punished Runaway Slaves with Death, an entire new Regulation was made, by the Act passed in November 1788.' If an Owner or Overseer thinks that a Slave, who has run away, deserves more severe Punishment than he, as the Law now Hands, is permitted to inflidl, he is to carry him before Two Justices, who, on hearing the.Matter, may order the Slave such Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as they in their Discretion shall think proper, according to the Length and ^Frequency of his Absence.

* Jamaica, f Jamaica.

t let

Assembling,

Drumming*

&c.

ef- the Slave

part nr,

, lor another Iate A&» though not To recent *, a Ru^a-way is pronounced aFelon, and

to suffer Death.

In the older Adb there are many Provisions for making Parties hunt the Woods for Runaway?; Rewards are given for taking them alive or dead; occasionally Acts were made to attaint certain daring Leaders of Gangs, and for more vigorous Exertions on the Spur of the existing Exigency: Others were made of a permanent Nature, to promote this dangerous Service, whenever it was necessary to renew it.

As to Mutinies, Rebellions, Confoiracies, and the like; in One Island it is provided* Of Muti-

that if Slaves make Mutiny or Insurrection, or rife in Rebellion, or make Prepara- ”ies> Ration of Arms, or hold any Council or Conspiracy for the fame, the Governor shall liorts*&c* appoint a Colonel, and Field Officers of the Regiment of the Island, to proceed by Martial Law* and punish them by Death or other Pain -f-.

Next to the Crimes which originate from the very Nature of their Situation as, Of various Slaves, follow those which may be committed equally by others. O&nces.

Of these, that of Stealing, in all its Shapes of Robbery, Burglary, and breaking often ef Stealing. Houses, is a Crime of the most frequent Occurrence. To this may be added Murder,. the burning of Houses and Canes, and various others. That Crimes which are punched with the Death of Freemen, should have an equal Sanction to deter the Commission of them by Slaves, is not to be wondered. Such was universaHy the Law of the Islands } of late, however, in some Islands, the Boundaries of Grand and Petit Larceny have been changed from Twelve Pence to Five and to Six Pounds, which has •greatly fattened the Law on that Head.

The Offence of impudently sinking or offering btf to any White Person, is mostly Striking, punished with Whipping; and it was only in case any Disfigurement or Hurt followed, that k was ptmiflied wim Death; but in some Islands, and that too by very recent Laws, which aim at Humanity, the offering any Violence, by striking or otherwise; is punishable with Death.

It is very common among these People* who have so final! a Portion of human Witchcraft; endowments, for some to pretend to supernatural Powers, and thereby to practise upon the Imagination of those, who believe they can be protected by them from the Harms of this Life: This Practice of Witchcraft is commonly called Obeah, and is always made an Offence punishable with Death.

Another Practice of Negroes, much more serious in ks Ef&dt, is the administering Pcifoning. of Poison to their Owners and others. This is also punished With Death.

Many of these are considered as Offences, not only in the actual Perpetration, but in the Attempt to commit them; and in both cases they are punished in the lame Manner.

But this Punishment of Death* though inflicted for very few Offences that would Of Punish* not be fb punished in most civilized Societies of Freemen, is softened by the Discre- rents, tion usually lodged in foe Court, to change it to some other less sanguinary. In most of the later Acts, the Courts are impowered to punish with Death, or in such other Way, as they in their Discretion shall think fit. Sometimes this Discretion is limited to

Confinement and Hard Labour for Life; sometimes to a public Whipping, of not more than Thirty-nine Lashes; in most cases, where many are concerned in an Offence, die Courts are directed to order Execution only upon one of them, and to filed one who shall appear to be most deserving of Punishment.

Death, Confinement to Hard Labour, and Whipping, are the Punishments gene* rally inflicted by the more recent Acts; but in the older, which' however are flail an Force in most of the Islands, there are the Punishments of Banishment, of flitting the,

* Virgin Islands, 1783.

f Barbadoes, 1688. * 4 M

Part III.

Ncifi,

part ill. View of the Principles;

Nose, branding in the Forehead with a hot Iron, cutting off the Ears, and, infome Islands, even that of taking off a Limb.

Upon the Whole it may be observed, that the Punishments affecting Negroes rather seem to be such as were suggested by the Necessity of a steady and watchful Discipline, than by any cruel or wanton Disposition to punish. Many of the smaller Offences are-punishable in a Manner not commonly practised in a Free Country: But in the higher Offences, where an English Court would be obliged by Law to pronounce the Sen-: , tence of Death, there is a Discretion indulged of changing the Punishment to another, short of the Offender’s Life. Indeed we have before seen that the Interest of an Owner in the Life of his Slave had often the Effect of disappointing Justice; and it is not to be wondered, that it should have a proportionate Influence in didlating the Degree of the Punishment.

Of the Trial The earliest Direction we find in their Laws for any Form of Trial, in case of De-cfSlaves,&c. linquency, is in an Act of the Island of Barbadoes, Anno 1688; in that Act there are Two Forms appointed, which seem to have been afterwards imitated, with some small Variation, in the other Islands. One of these is the more the other the more

summary ’Trial. The First is for the Offences of Burglary, Robbery, Rape, Burning of Houses or Canes, stealing, killing, maiming, or destroying of Horses, Cattle, or Sheep, above the Value of \id.-, all which are to be punished with Death: And because such Offenders, fays the Act, “ being british deserve for the oj

their Condition, to be tried by the legal Trial of Twelve Men of their Peers or Neighbourhood, which truly neither can be rightly done, as the Subjects of England are,” it directs, that when any Negro is brought before a Justice for any of the above Offences, he shall commit him to a future Day, and shall, with all convenient Speed, join with himself the next Justice; and these Two shall issue their Warrant to summon Three Freeholders of the Place nearest where the Crime was committed: These Five are to hear the Evidence, examine the Matter, and pass Sentence; the Freeholders being first sworn by the Justices.

The more summary Trial is applied to cases of Petty Larceny, stealing or defiroy-ing Goods, Chattels, and Provisions, Canes, or Green Corn, of any other Person than the Master, under the Value of 12 d.:Such Offences are to be heard by One Justice, who, upon Examination.of the Matter, if established, may order the Offender to be whipped with not more than Forty Lathes. A Second Offence of the latter Kind is to be tried in the same Manner, with the severer Punishment of flitting the Nose, and branding in the Forehead. But for the Third Offence, the Offender is to be tried in the more solemn Manner, and the Sentence is to be Death, or such other Punishment as the Justices shall think proper.

These Two Forms of Trial were adopted very generally in the Islands. The solemn Trial was usually resorted to in Offences that were to be punished with Death; and it was sometimes varied. Thus, in One Island the Justice is to associate to himself Two others, and the Freeholders are to be Four, making together a Tribunal of Seven Persons. In some Islands they require Two Justices to constitute the summary Jurisdiction for smaller Offences. In some, and that even by very recent Acts, the higher Offences may be tried by the summary Judicature of Two Justices, or even by that of One, and the Punishment of Death inflicted. In One Island Offenders may be tried by the . /Governor and Council of the Island for the higher Offences.

But to the Prevalence of this Species of Judicature, whether solemn or summary, the Island of Bermuda was an Exception, and presented a Angle Example of apparent Adherence to the English Form. In the Year 1690 it was ordained that, in case of a Charge of Murder, Burglary, Felony, or other Capital Crime, a Negro should be brought before a justice, and be committed, or admitted to Bail, as it seemed proper to the Justice: 'If Ke was prosecuted, it was to be by Indictment; and he was to be tried by a Judge and Jury, unless the Governor and Council should think ft. to try him by a more proper Way.

4 What

PART III.

of the Slave La.

What Practice Was established in pursuance of this Direction, and the Discretion here lodged in the Governor and Council, does not appear; but we find in the Year,

1730 an Act of Assembly of that Island (which seems to be copied closely from the before-mentioned Act of Barbadoes) for changing this Mode, and for adopting that of Barbadoes, with the-Variation of adding Two Justices to the One, and summoning Four Freeholders, so as to compose a Tribunal of Seven ’Judges.

Such then was the Nature of the Judicature prevailing in all our Islands, till the liberal Spirit of the present Time introduced a Reform, which has been planned and carried into Execution in Two of our Islands, those of ‘Jamaica and Dominica.

In the Year 1781, when the Assembly of Jamaica had their Slave Laws under Consideration, they then, among other Improvements, enacted, That the Three Freeholders on Trials should be chosen by Ballot, and out of not less than Five in Number.

But by the late Act, passed 6th December 1788, which had for One of its professed Objects an Amendment in the Mode of Trial for Slaves, the preceding Forrn was abolished, and the following Directions are substituted in its Place: Jo all cases of Felony, Burglary, Robbery, burning of Houses or Canes, rebellious Conspiracies, fom-passing or imagining the Death of any White Person, and other Offences punishable with Death, the justice is to commit the Prisoner, if proper, and bind over the Wit-»

•nesses to appear in Ten Days at the Place where the Quarter Sessions are held, or, where there are no Sessions, at the Place where Parochial Business is usually transacted; Jie shall certify Two other Justices of the Matter, and these Three shall- summon by Warrant Twelve Persons, such as are usually warned to serve on Juries. Nine of such.

Persons are to compose a Jury, and are to be sworn to try the Offender, and give a'

Verdict according to the Evidence; upon which the Justices shall pass Sentence., For smaller Offences a summary Jurisdiction is by the fame Act given to Two Justices; who may direct such Punishment as they think fit, not exceeding Sixty Laffies, or Six Months Confinement to Hard Labour,

The Example of Jamaica has been followed by a similar Regulation, passed in Dominica 23 December 1788. By this Act the Justices, summoned to the Trial, are to, be Five, and not less than Three are to form a Bench; The Persons fumxnoned are to, be Twelve, being neighbouring Freeholders,- Leaseholders, Merchants, Traders, Qr re-spestable House Keepers; Six of these are to constitute a Jury. Such is the Mode of Trial, not only for Offences punished with Death, but for others that are followed by Banishment, or public Whipping, of not more than Thirty*-nine Laffies. As to finaller Offences, such as Thefts or Robberies, to the Amount of not mpre than £. 5, and certain bare Attempts to commit Felonies and other Crimes, they may be tried before Two Justices, in a summary Way. <

Before we close what is to be said on the Trial of Slaves, it should be noticed that the Testimony of a Slave is held to be good against a Slave, though it is not good against a White Person. It seems originally to have been doubted* whethernthe Evidence of a Slave should be admitted at all; and there are various Instances in, the Laws of the Islands, where it is declared, that such Test imony yfttf// be receivedand:in One Instance it is declared, that the Testimony of Two or more, Slaves shall be good., s In One Law, the Testimony of a Slave against a Free Negro, or Mulatto ip declared to Be legal, if corroborated with good and sufficient Circumjian.

Such is the Law and Manner of proceeding against Slaves, when charged with, the Commission of any Offence.

Having taken this ffiort View of the Treatment which Slave, receive iiya Qoprfe^of Of Punish-public Justice, we become curious to learn fpjnething of the Rule and Practice of that mentby Penal Code, which every Owner and Matter has a Right to,establish for the Qpm^ftic Masters»&c' Government of his Slaves. But this Supplement to the foregoing Series of Public Regulations seems to have been generally abandoned by the different Legislatures to the Discretion of Individuals. Very little Measure appears to have been assigned, by any general Laws, to the Authority of the Matter m punishing his Slaves. - It appears

from

PART ID. View of the Principles

from the Two Laws which follow, that any Degree of Severity in the Way of Punish-rbent, though it went even to the Life of the Slave, was looked upon as an Object not deserving public Confederation and that even Murder was not marked with any very heavy Penalty.

' By a Law of Barbadoes, passed 8 August 1688, it is enacted, That if any Negro, ot Other Slave, under Punishment by his Master or his Order, for any Crime or Misdeameanour towards his Master, should unfortunately suffer in Life or Member, which, fays the Act, seldom happens, no Person whatsoever shall be liable to any Fine therefore. But if any One of Wantonness or Bloody-mind or cruel wilfully kill a Negro or other Slave of his own, he shall pay into the public Treasury 15; if the Slave belong to another Person, then £. 35, and further be bound to his good Behaviour during the Pleasure of the Governor ana Council: If the other Person’s Slave is killed accidentally, the Killer is liable to no other Penalty than an Action at Law j if a, Negro is killed by Night, out of the Road or Common Path, dealing Provisions, th» Killer is not to be accountable for it at all.

The other is a Law of Bermuda, passed in 1730, the Preamble of which is very re-markable: It dates that the wilful killing of a Slave (by the strict Laws of England) Comes within the Penalty of Murder; that the Privileges of England are so

extensive, as not to admit of the leaf ‘Thing called Slavery, but that, in His Majesty'o Plantations in America, the cases and Circwnfances of Things were wonderfully altered, far the very Kindred, nay sometimes Parents of these unfortunate Creatures (upon the Coast of Africa) extofe their own Issue to perpetual Bondage and Slavery, by felling them unto your Majestys Subjects trading there, and from thence are brought to these Settlements, and con-Jequently purchased by the Inhabitants; they being (for Brutishness of their Nature) no -

wife valued or efeemed amongf us than as OUr Goods and Chattels; therefore our prudent Neighbours in America, as Barbadoes, &c. have thought ft to make Laws to prevent the Penalty and Forfeiture in case of killing a Negro. After this Preamble it enacts, that the accidentally killing a Negro in punishing him shall not make the Killer liable (o any Penalty or Forfeiture; but killing a Slave maliciously and wilfully, or procuring it to be done, shall be punished with a Forfeiture of £. 1 o. If the Slave belongs to another, then, in Addition to the £. 10, he is to pay the Value of the Slave to the Owner.

Such is the Species of Regulation which it was thought adviseable to make on this Subject, even so low down as 1730. But while the Government of Bermuda adopted this Example of the Island of Barbadoes, a different Sentiment prevailed in the Island of Jamaica. So far back as the Year 1696, it was enacted by a Law of that Island, that if any Person willingly, wantonly, or bloody-mindedly killed a Negro or Slave, he should be adjudged guilty of Felony; the Second Offence was to be adjudged Murder, and the Offender was to suffer according to the Laws of England, except as to Forfeiture of Lands and Tenements. In 1751, it was further ordained in the fame Island, for better preventing such wicked and inhuman that the Offender, for the First

Offence, mould be imprisoned for such Time as the Court should adjudge, not exceeding Twelve Months*. It is proper here to observe, that in a Decision in 1776, in the Court of King’s Bench and Grand Section of the Peace in the Island of Grenada, it was determined, by the whole Court, on a Motion in Arrest of Judgment, that killing a Slave With Malice was Murder in the Law of England, and they accordingly gave Judgment of Death. Many other Improvements of the Negro System, beside those above stated, have recently been made, by which the Authority of O whers in punishing their Slaves is subjected to considerable Restraints: But these Improvements will more properly be placed under the Head bf the Protection afforded to Slaves.

The Protec- If the Rights of a Maser be every Thing, and those of the Slave nothing, then every

tionofSlam. Stipulation that is made for the Slave, as against the Master, may be classed under the Head of Protection: Any Direction for their necessaryCloathing and Maintenance, much more to limit the Authority Of the Master in chaftiftUg, or employing his Slaves, are of this Nature.

* Jamaica Acts, 1696, N# 37, 38. 1751. N* 183.

2 In

PART III.

; of the Slave Laws.

In the earlier Times of our Settlements', this' Branch of the Negro Polity (aS 'hath Cloathing, been before observed) was not much regarded by the’ Legislatures; it was- confin'ed'to Provisions, some short Directions for their Cloathing and PrbvifionS, and such only as were abfo- c' lutely necessary. In 1688,in Barbadoes, it was required that the Slaves fhohld have Clothes once a Year; namely,- Drawers and Caps for the Men, and Petticoats and Caps for the Women, on Pain of forfeiting 5 s. for each Slave not so cloathed. In 1696 the like Provision was made in 'Jamaica. In a Law of , 1730, for re-

training the Use of Silk, Lace, and superfluous Ornament by Negroes (which'was very likely to be the Production of Theft) it is ordained, that Matters shall find theni sufficient Food and Cloathing. In 1693, in Montserrat, Masters and Overseers are •required to keep, for every Eight Slaves, One Acre of Ground, well planted with Provisions, and so proportionably for a greater or left Number, on the Penalty of forfeiting for every Six Months it shall be wanting, 1,000 Pounds of Sugar.

• These are all the express Provisions to be found in the older Laws: To these may be added, as auxiliary towards producing the like Effect, a Provision in several Islands, that, when it appeared a Slave, convicted of Healing, had been driven to commit the Offence by Want of due Maintenance from his Master,' the Master should not be entitled to the Value, he would otherwise receive on the Slave’s Execution. It appears from the several Laws which mention the trading in Poultry* Greens, and the like, allowed to Negroes, that there was an Attention in Mailers to this Object, even where there was no express Law to require it.

In later Times we find in Saint Vincent, 1767, it Was directed. That the Slaves should be cloathed once every Year; a Male with One Pair of Drawers, and-a Shirt or close-bodied Frock; a Female with a Petticoat and a Shift, or Cloathing adequate thereto, on Pain of the Mailer forfeiting 15 s. for each Slave not so cloathed.

t ....

But in the Three Islands, where Laws have been passed very recently for the Purpose of affording more ample Protection to Negroes, than they had before experienced, this Article of Cloathing and Maintenance is ordered in a new and more liberal Way, with the Addition of various Regulations for their Lodging, and for their general Treatment, both in Sickness and in Health.

By the late Act passed in November 1788 in Grenada, a Proprietor is to allow Annually to every Man Slave above Fifteen Years old, a Suit of Cloaths, consisting of a Hat, Jacket, Shirt (or in lieu of a Jacket an additional Shirt) Trowsers, and Blankets; to every Female Slave above Thirteen Years old, a Suit of Cloaths, Consisting of a Hat, Jacket, Shift (or in iieu of a Jacket an additional Shift) Petticoat, and Blanket; and to every Child above Eight Years old, a Hat, Shift, or Shirt: Any Proprietor failing in doing this is to forfeit £. 20.

Upon every Plantation, there is to be provided for each Head of a Family of Slaves, at least, a House built in a healthy Situation, with a Cabin or Bed to sleep upon, raised at least a Foot from the Ground; and for every Slave above Fifteen Years of Age is to be allotted a Portion of Land for Provision-Ground, sufficient, with his Allowance of Salt Provision, for his Support; and in every Week is to be allowed One Day from Noon, or One whole Day once a Fortnight, for the Cultivation of this Ground. If a Plantation is so circumstanced as not to permit such Allotment of Ground, jnflead thereof may be made a Weekly Allowance of Provisions; but this, as well as the before-mentioned Arrangements, mufl be made with the Approbation of the Guardians appointed by the fame Act for the Protection of Slaves. There is also to be erected atu Hospital on every Plantation for those who are lick.

Where Slaves are not attached to a Plantation, the Master is required to furnish them with comfortable Lodging, and ample Provision of Food and decent

Cloathing, of at least Two such Suits, as are before described, in every Year, under the Penalty of £. 20.

Part III. 4N Ip

PART III.

OfPunish-ment by Matters, &c,

View of the Principles

In the late A3, passed in December 1788 in Jamaica, a similar Direction is given for allotting Provision-Ground, and allowing sufficient Time to cultivate it; with a Discretion, if Circumstances require, to make a Supply of Provisions in lieu of Land, under the higher Penalty of £. 50. The Owners are also required to maintain at Home those, that are infirm, on Penalty of £< 10 for every one wandering about, and becoming burthensome to others, for Want of such Maintenance.

In the late A3 of December 1788, passed in the Island of Dominica, the Directions on this Head are only general; namely, that Slaves are to be maintained with Sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Food, and well and Sufficiently cloathed, and placed in comfortable and dry Lodging; and in case of Sickness they are to be af-fisted with Medical Aid, under the Penalty of 100 for the Breach of any of these Injunctions.

The Power of the Master over the Slave's Person in administering Correction is another Article, which (as hath been before observed) is but Slightly mentioned by the older Laws; and what is there Said Seemed of a Nature that induced us to consider it as properly belonging to the Head of Regulation. This Point is one that has been more anxiously laboured in the recent Acts of the Three Islands; and what is there provided deserves most unequivocally to be clafied under the present Head of Protection.

By the new A3 of Jamaica, if a Slave be mutilated or dismembered by a Master, or with his Knowledge or Sufferance, such Master is to be fined in a Sum not exceeding £. 100, and imprisoned for a Time not exceeding Twelve Months; and, if the Court think it proper, the Slave So treated Shall be declared free. The Prosecution for such an Offence is intrusted, in a special Manner, to the Care of the Vestry, and Justices. Any Person killing a Slave ’wantonly, •willingly, and bloody-mindedly, Shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, with a Saving, however, of Forfeiture and Corruption of Blood.

In Dominica, a White Person maiming, defacing, or mutilating, or cruelly torturing a Slave, or causing the fame to be done, is to be imprisoned for a Time npt exceeding Three Months, or fined in a Sum not exceeding: A White Person who kills

a Slave is to Suffer Death.

The punishing in such Manner those who killed, or who maimed, or dismembered a Slave, had been before done by A3s passed in other Islands, within these few Years*: But it Seems peculiar to the A3s lately passed in the Islands lb often mentioned, to enter into the Subje3 of domestic Corre3ion by the Owner, with any Profpe3 of useful Effe3.

In the new A3 of Grenada it is ordained. That no Proprietor, or Attorney or other Representative of such Proprietor, shall infii3 any other Corporal Punishment than Imprisonment in a proper and wholesome Place of Confinement, and Whipping, not to exceed Thirty-nine Lashes, for any One Offence: and that no Person employed under such Proprietor, or his Attorney, shall, during the Residence of such Proprietor or Attorney on the Spot, infli3 any other Punishment than such Confinement, and Whipping, not to exceed Twelve Lashes for any One Offence. If an Offence shall appear to a Proprietor, or his Attorney, to deserve, for its Enormity, more exemplary Punishment, he may take the Slave before Two Justices, who may order such Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as to them shall seem proper. Any One in-fli3ing a Punishment, otherwise than as here permitted, is made liable to an Indi3-ment or Information, the fame as if the Injury had been committed against a Free Person.

• 1

By the new A3 of Jamaica, any Person who shall wantonly or cruelly whip, beat^ bruise, or wound, or shall imprison, or keep in Confinement, without Sufficient Sup* port, any Slave, shall be liable to be indi3ed, and Suffer such Judgment of Fine or Imprisonment as the Court shall award; and shall be liable also to an A3ion. It is

* Bahama, St. Vincent, &c.

further

PART Ilf.

of the Slave Laws.

further declared, That no Slave on a Plantation, or in a Workhouse, shall receive more than Ten Lashes at One Time and for One Offence, unless the Owner of the Plantation, or his Attorney, or the Supervisor of the Workhouse, be present: And no such Owner, or his Attorney, nor such Supervisor, shall inflict more than Thirty-nine Lashes at One Time, for One Offence, under the Penalty of £. 5.

In the new Act of Dominica there is an Enumeration of the cases where an Owner may cause a Slave to be punished: These are, of his Orders •, robbing or

plundering the Property of another; Drunkenness, ^uarrellingi Fighting, Negieff of Duty, Absence from Labour, or from the Plantation, without a written Pass, or any other Misdemeanor ’whatever; and in such Cases a Slave may be punished at the Discretion of the Owner, or Overseer, by Confinement or flogging on the bare Breech, provided the Number of Lashes do not exceed Thirty-nine; An Owner or Overseer inflidling any other Punishment is liable to a Penalty of f. 20.

The remaining Instances, in which Protection is given to Slaves, by Law, in our Various Re-Islands, seem to be the new Regulations lately deviled, and contained in the Three forms made Acts of Assembly so often mentioned: A short Notice of these will give an Idea of the ,atety* humane Disposition, that now manifests itself, to make a serious and effectual Reform for the Advantage, and Comfort of the Negroes. The First of these Acts, in Point of Time, is that of Grenada, passed 3d November 1788, which directs as follows:

Slaves are not to be compelled (except in carrying on such Manufactures as require Night or extra Labour) to leave their Houses to work in the Field, or at their Trade, until Day-break, nor at their Times of Breakfast or Dining, nor after Sunset, except in carrying One Bundle of Grass from the Field to the Stable. They are to have Half an Hour for Breakfast, and from Twelve o’Clock till Two for Dinner.

Slaves are to be attended by a Clergyman, to instruct them in Morality and Religion; and those who are of the Roman Catholic Religion are to be provided with Clergymen of that Persuasion. There is a Penalty of f. 165 Currency on any Proprietor who shall debauch a Female married Slave: An Attorney or employed Person so doing is to forfeit One Half of his Annual Salary. Slaves fb doing are, on Conviction before a Justice, to suffer such Corporal Punishment as he shall direct, not extending to Life or Limb.

In order to secure Negroes in the full Enjoyment of what the Law allows them. Guardians the Justices are Yearly to nominate Three Persons, being Freeholders, and Possessors of die Slaves, of Thirty Slaves, to be Guardians of the Slaves, who are to take an Oath to fee this Act duly executed. They are to inspect the Provision-Grounds, the Clothes, and Maintenance} to inquire into the general Treatment of Slaves; and to interrogate, on Oath, the Managers and Overseers respecting the Observance of this Act: In case of Breaches thereof, they are to prosecute the Offenders without Delay. The obliging of Managers and Overseers to answer upon Oath, gives peculiar Efficacy to a Regulation intended for the Benefit of Persons, whose Testimony, by the Law of the Country (and indeed of all the I (lands) could not be heard in a Prosecution against a White Person.

In the Act of Jamaica, passed 6th December 1788, Matters are enjoined to cause their Slaves to be instructed in the Christian Religion. Slaves who inform against Of take up Runaway Slaves are to have such Rewards, not exceeding 20 s. for each, as any Justice shall think proper. They are to have their usual Holidays; and, besides these. One Day every Fortnight for cultivating their Provision-Ground, exclusive of Sunday, except during the Time of Crop: It is a Provision of this Act, that on the Sale of Slaves that are arrived in any Port, Care shall be taken, as much as possible, not to separate the different Branches of the fame Family.

In the Law of Dominica, passed 23d December, 1788, there are similar Provision s made for the Benefit of Slaves. They are to be instructed in the Principles of the Christian Religion: Those that are arrived at Years of Maturity are to be encouraged to enter into Matrimony, according to the Christian Form: A White Person cohabiting with a married Woman Slave is to forfeit £. 50: They are to have the accustomed Holidays: The Owner, with the Consent of Two Magistrates, may allow

PART III.

Of Manumission.

Of Free Negroes.

View of the Principles

them Instruments of Music for Dancing, or any innocent Am a foment; such Amusements are to be concluded at a reasonable Hour.

Workhouses for Employment, as well as Confinement of offending Negroes, is another Part of the New System.

To ascertain the Effect that Regulation may have on the Health and Preservation of Slaves, periodical Accounts are directed in these Three Islands to be given in to the principal Magistrate of a District, of the Increase and Decrease of Slaves.

The last, and it Should seem the moSt compleat Act of Protection to a Slave, is that t>f releasing him from a State of Slavery, and giving him the Qualifications of a Free Man, to protect himself: But this was found by Experience to be so often misapplied, as to prove only the last Instance of Cruelty in Mailers; and it very early became the Office of Humanity to lay some Restrictions on the Power of Manumission.

It was not uncommon for Mailers to manumit their Slaves, when they had become infirm, and no longer able to bear the Burthen of Servitude. This filled the Country with wandering Negroes, who were firSl an Annoyance, and then a Burthen to the Public. If Negroes were not turned adrift in the Decay of their Strength; but were rewarded with Freedom while in Health, for some particular Merit, it Still happened that such Persons not unfrequently became a Charge upon the Public for Maintenance, either occasionally, or at the Close of their Days. This Experience induced the Legislatures, in all the Islands, to provide that no Manusmission Should be valid, unless Measures were taken to secure the Public against such Consequences: This was by the Mailer assigning Some Lodging and Maintenance for such Slave, or more commonly by making a Deposit of Money with the Vestry of the Parish; and in some cases giving likewise a Security that the Slave Should never be a Burthen to the Parish. In One Island the Deposit was £.\oo, and the Security £. 200. Such Slave is entitled to f. 4 or JT. 5 per Annum, to be paid by the Vestry out of the Interest of the Deposit.

But this Check on the Power of Manumission, though suggested by Experience, and Adopted by the Practice of all the Plantations, was not endured by the Makers of the new Act, in the Island of Grenada. Consistently with the Spirit of Reform now prevailing there, they have repealed a Provision of the above Nature; and declared, that no other Condition Shall be required for the Manumission of a Slave, but only the Approbation of Two of the Guardians of the Slaves, appointed by that Act; but that none Shall be valid without such Approbation.

The Same Prudence which guarded Manumission with such Conditions, viewed Free Negroes also, for Reasons of various Kinds, with no small Degree of Jealously. In all the Islands there are Provisions of different Sorts to compel Persons pretending to be free, to a strict and repeated Proof of their Freedom. Instruments of Manusmission are to be registered, or Proofs of Freedom by Descent are to be made, at Vestry Meetings: Certificates thereof are to be given, which the Persons to whom they belong are always to carry about them. In some Islands, every Free Negro is to chuse a White Person to be his Patron, and to own him; and those, who have not such a Surety to answer for them, are to be treated as Vagabonds. These and other Measures are taken, as well to prevent Fugitive Slaves Sheltering themselves under the Character of Free Negroes, as to keep a watchful Eye over a Description of People, that seem to have been judged not very well qualified to govern themselves, in a State of Freedom.

The last Point in the Negro-Polity, deserving of Notice, is the manifest Solicitude to keep up a regular Supply of White Servants. Laws have been made, in several Islands, compelling Owners to have a certain Number of White Servants, in Propor-. tion to their Negroes. A Measure that was didtated, partly by the Expediency of introducing constantly a freSh Stock of Skill and Industry from Europe, and partly from the Necessity of balancing, in some Degree, the Numbers that were continually imported from Africa.

6 TH3

of the Slave Laws.

part m.

THE Committee will now proceed to lay before Your Majesty a Statement of the Laws that at present subsist in the several I {lands in the West Indies, respecting Negro Slaves, under the following Titles:

ift, Those in which Negroes are considered as Property.

2dly, Those which are for their Regulation and Corrections

3dly, Those which are for their Protection and Encouragement.

To which are added, in several of the Islands,

4thly, Those which are of a Miscellaneous Nature, comprehending such Matters as could not well be placed under any of the other Titles.

Should it appear, notwithstanding this Attempt at Arrangement, that some Points are not to be found under the Title, where they would naturally be fought, and that others are classed under a Title to which they do not seem, in strict Propriety, to belong, it is trusted, that such apparent Want of Regularity may always be attributed to One of these Two causes; either that the Point in Question is of a Nature which, viewed in different Lights, might very well entitle it to be placed under more Heads than One, as what may in one View relate to Property, may in another have a Reference to , and

even sometimes to the ProteElion and Encouragement of Negroes; in which cases it was thought adviseable not to burthen this Statement, already voluminous, with Repetitions ;—or, Secondly, the Point in Question was found so interwoven in the Law itself with other Matters, that it would have been unintelligible, or have loft much of its Force, by a Separation: Thus, the Value of an executed Slave may be clafted under the Title of Property; yet in cases where it is connected with the Trials of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon, with special Directions as to the Mode of ascertaining such Value, the Policy of the Law would have been less obvious, if a Circumstance of this Nature had not been retained under this Title. These, and other causes arising from the Nature of the Materials, have sometimes disappointed every Endeavour to preserve an exact Disposition of all the various Subjects in the following Statement.

Part III.

40

A

STATEMENT

OF THE

LAWS AT LARGE,

RESPECTING

NEGROES IN THE WEST INDIA ISLANDS.

ARRANGED UNDER DIFFERENT TITLES.

Part III.

4P

PART IIL.

JAMAICA.

The Law of this Island, on the Subject of Negroes, is principally contained in an Act passed 6 Dec. 1788, which purports in its Title to repeal several Acts, and to and

bring into One AH the several Lava's relating to Slaves nevertheless, the following Acts, and Parts of Acts, relating to Slaves seem to be in force, but are not consolidated into this A£tj namely, the Acts passed

Anno 1696,

,7I9»

«7

1761, '

1768.

The Three first of which are to be found in a printed Volume of the Laws of this Island, dated 1756,—The Two latter in another printed Volume, dated 1771.

Slaves considered as Property.

Slaves becoming Christians.—Made Real Eft ate.

Anno 1696. A& 38.

XL. AND it is further Enacted, That no Slave shall be free by becoming Christian j and slaves -

f\ for Payment of Debts and Legacies, all Slaves shall be deemed and taken as all coming other Goods and Chattels are in the Hands of Executors or Administrators; and where other Christians. Goods and Chattels are not suficient to satisfy the said Debts and Legacies, then so many Slave shall Slaves as are necessary for the Payment of Debts and Legacies shall be fold, and the not be free remaining, after the Payment of the said Debts and Legacies shall be judged, deemed, chriflk" and taken as Inheritance, and shall accordingly descend; and all Children of Slaves, born Made Real in the Possession of Tenant for Life or Years, shall remain or revert, as the Parents do or should have done, to him or her, in Reversion or Remainder after Expiration of such Term of Years after the Death of Tenant for Life or Tenants in Tail, after Possibility of Issue extinct j Provided nevertheless. That nothing in this Clause shall extend to Leases hereto* fore made; any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further Enacted, That all Slaves assigned for Dower shall be liable. In what proportionably with those belonging to any Heir or Heirs, to the Payment of Debts, but £* ‘b® not of Legacies, any Thing to the contrary notwithstanding. subjea to*

the Payment

XLII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to hinder any Person, of Debt*, possessed in his own Right, of any Slave or Slaves, to fell, or by Gift or otherwise dispose of such Slave or Slaves, as he shall think lit during his Lifetime j which Sale, Gift, or Disposal, shall be a perpetual Bar to his Wife from any Claim of Dower in such Slave or Slaves.

&LIV. And to prevent Disputes that may arise for the future about the Titles of, to, or Book* to be in any Slave or Slaves, be it Enacted, That the Clerks of the Peace, or Clerk of the Vestry kept wherein where no Clerks of the Peace are, of the several and respective Parishes and Precincts within {^m»deof this Iflandj shall keep a distinct Book, in which Entries shall be made of all Slaves fold and slave* disposed of from one Party to another, in every of which Entries shall be expressed the Time of bought and the Sale made, with the Names of the Vendor and Vendee, the Name and Mark of the Slave or Slaves, with the Consideration for which foldj which said Entry, if the Seller is lawfully authorised to fell or dispolc of such Slave or Slaves, shall be as good^and valid to ratify and confirm the said Sale or Sates, as if the fame had been by Deed in Writing under Hand and Seal; and shall be held, deemed, and adjudged to be a sufficient Record and Evidence in any Court of Record within this Island j and if by any Person razed or embezzled, the Person so offending shall suffer such Punishment as the Law hath provided against such as raze and embezzle Records; and for every such Entry the Clerk shall receive, if but One Negro, Seven-pence Halfpenny; if above, Fifteen Pence, and no more: And if any Buyer shall fail or neglect to make Entry with the Clerk as aforesaid, he shall forfeit Forty Shillings for every such Offence;

part in. , Jamaica*—Slaves considered as Property.

Slaves made Real Eft ate.—"Detaining and carrying off Slaves.

and if the Clerk shall refuse or neglect to make such Entry, he shall forfeit Ten Founds for every such Offence to the Party injured, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed. Provided nevertheless. That this Clause, or any Thing therein contained, shall not be cpn-strued to extend to oblige any Person or Persons to make such Entry of Slaves at their first Importation into this Island; any Thing in the above Clause to the contrary notwithstanding.

1719. Act 67.

AN ACT to prevent the enticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagors and Tenants for Life and Years; and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves.

Detaining WHEREAS it hath been a Practice for People of this Island, under Colour or Pretence and carry- of Title, to entice and inveigle Negro and other Slaves from the Possessors of them, and i,g 0ff them so enticed or enveigled away to fend off this Island, or hide or conceal them in remote Slaves. and distant Parts from such Possessors, whereby great Inconveniences have happened, to the 40s. Penalty utter Ruin of several Orphans, and other Inhabitants of this Island, and Decay of the Planting

for every Interest; for Remedy whereof, be it Enacted, by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and

Detainer'of1 *s hereby Enacted and Declared by the Authority of the same, That no Person whatsoever another’s shall take or detain any Negro or Slave who hath been in Possession of another for the Space

Slave. of Six Months, without due Course of Law, upon Pain of forfeiting Forty Shillings to the

Party aggrieved for every Day’s Detainer.

Chief Justice, &c. upon Complaint of such Detainer, may order the Slave to be reitareda

Penalty on the Chief Justice, Sec. neglecting his Duty, touching such Complaints*

II. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Complaint made upon Oath to the Chief Justice of this Island, or to any Two Justices of the Peace, of the detaining any Negro or Slave from such Possessors, otherwise than by due Course of Law, it shall and may be lawful for the Chief Justice, or the Justices unto whom such Complaint shall be made as aforesaid, to order the Offender and Offenders to restore the Negro or Slave detained, and pay the Penalty and Forfeiture aforesaid unto the Party aggrieved: And if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to comply with or perform such Order hereafter to be made in the General Court, for restoring of any Negro or Slave, he, she, or they, so refusing or neglecting the fame, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and be committed unto the Common Gaol until he, she, or they have fulfilled such Order, and paid the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein before mentioned.

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Chief Justice, or any Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint to him or them made as aforesaid, shall refuse, delay, or neglect, doing his or their Duty herein, heor they shall, for every such Offence, his or their Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; One Half to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety, or Half Part, to the Party grieved, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Grand Court of this Island, wherein no Essoign, Imparlance, or Wager at Law, shall be allowed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. IV.

IV. And whereas several Persons holding, possessing, and enjoying Negro and other Slaves as Tenants by the Courtesy of England, Tenants in Dower, Tenants for Life or Years, and Mortgagors of Negroes and Slaves, or those deriving under them, heretofore used to fend off from this Island, by way of Merchandize or otherwise, several Negroes and Slaves by them held and enjoyed under the Titles aforesaid, to the great Prejudice of the Mortgagee, his Heirs or Afligrrs, and of him, her, or them to whom such Negro Slave or Slaves ought to defeend or come, after the Determination of such particular Estate as aforesaid; for Remedy whereof Clause to re- bc }t Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tenant by the Courtesy of England, Persons^nd11 Tenants in Dower, whilst a Widow, or any second or other Husband of such Tenant in ing Negroes* Dower, or any Tenant for Life or Years, or any Mortgagor, or any Person claiming by, from, offthislfland. or under him, shall fend off from this Island (except by Order of Law), or otherwise dispose of any Negro or Slave held, enjoyed, or possessed by him, her, or them, by the Courtesy of England, in Dower, or for Life or Years, or by any Mortgagor or other Person claiming by, from, or under a Mortgagor, without the Consent of the Mortgagee, his Heirs or Assigns, or of him, her, or them, in Reversion or Remainder, or of him, her, or them, to whom such Negro or Slave, after the Determination of such particular Estate, should come to, or defeend, he, she, or they, so offending as aforesaid, shall, for every Negro or Slave so sent off from this

1 Island,

PART nr.

> "Jamaica.—Slaves considered as Property.

Detaining and carrying off Slaves.—Sale of Slaves by Provost Marshal.

Island, forfeit the Sum of iool. to the Mortgagee, or others claiming under him, her, or them, in Reversion or Remainder, or to whom such Negro or Slave should or might come after the Determination of such particular Estate.

Anno 1736. A& 111.

f

IV. AND WHEREAS it is a common Practice for Matters and Commanders of Ships and other Vessels, to entertain and work on board their said Ships and Vessels, in the Harbours of this Island, the Slaves of the Inhabitants, which gives an Opportunity to carry such Slaves off this Island; for Remedy whereof, be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever ^siJj^not Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel shall entertain, work, or suffer or permit to be °0 work* any entertained or wrought, on board such Ship or Vessel, any Slave belonging to any Inhabitant Slave within this Island (other than the proper Slaves of such Matter or Commander), without hiring o"1 hiring him from the Owner, or having a Certificate from the Cuttos Rotulorum, or any Two Justices jJi”own!er of the Peace of, the Precinct wherein the Owner of such Slave resides, that such Slave is at Liberty from his Owner to hire himself, which Certificate shall contain the Names of the Owner and of the Slave, and the Place of the Residence of such Owner, and for how long Time such Slave is at liberty to hire himself; such Matter or Commander of Ships or other Vessels offending as aforesaid, shall, over and above all other Penalties, forfeit the Sum of 1001. to be recovered before any Two Justices of the Peace; who are hereby impowered to summon before them all such Offenders, and to hear and determine such Offence, and to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he hath paid the said Forfeiture; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And for the better preventing such Practices, be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That the Matter or Commander of any Ship, Sloop, or Vessel, shall, upon his Entry, take the following Oath:

«* I A. B. do swear. That I have not, nor will hire any Negro Slave but from the Owner, Command-<{ or such as have or shall have a Certificate from the Cuttos Rotulorum, or Two Justices of er’a Oath.

“ the Peace of the Parish or Precinct where the Owner of such Negro Slave resides, putport-“ ing that such Negro Slave is at Liberty to hire himself.”

Which Oath the Secretary of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby impowered and required to administer, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for each Negledfc or Refufld.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons that shall run away with, or carry off, or attempt to run away with, or carry off, any other Person’s white Servant, Negro, or Negroes, from this Island, and be taken in the Attempt, andconvidted thereof, shall be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and suffer as such; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

1768. Ad 60.

An ACT for the Regulation of the Provost MarlhalV Proceedings in the Sale of Negro and other Slaves, taken by virtue of Writs Venditioni Exponas.

WHEREAS several Inhabitants of this Island have been greatly injured in their Pro- 0t perty, and many more suffer in the like Manner, by the Shortness of the Notice, which by Law slaves by the Provost Marshal and his lawful Deputies is and are obliged to give of the Sale of Negro and other Slaves taken by virtue of Writs of Venditioni Exponas, which Notice, as the Law now (lands, is but Five Days, by which Means Negro and other Slaves have been sold by virtue of such Writs, of which Negro and other Slaves, the Party or Parties against whom such Writs have been' issued, had only the Possession, but had no Property in the said Negro and other Slaves, who were either mortgaged, intailed, subject to Dower, the Property of Minors, or under Lease; and from the Shortness of the said Notice, and the Distance of the Places where such Negro and other Slaves are fold, the right Owner or Owners, his, her, or their Representative or Representatives, is and are deprived of the Opportunity of Hopping such Sales by Writs of Replevin.

i

II. And whereas many Negro and other Slaves, under the aforesaid Circumstances, have been sold as aforesaid, and have been sent off the Island by the Purchaser or Purchasers, to

Part III.

PART III.

Jamaica,--*Slaves considered as Property*

Sale of Slaves by Provost Marshal,

the great Loss, Damage, and Injury of the right Owners, who, as the Law now stands, cart have no Redress or Remedy either against the Provost Marshal, his Deputies, or the Purchaser or Purchasers, fending off such Negro or other Slaves: For the Remedy whereof, and to prevent the like Practices for the future, may it please your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be Enacted, and it is hereby Enabled and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Oath to be your Majesty’s Island of Jamaica, That from and after the First Day of February, which will made of the in the Year of our Lord 1769, on Affidavit being made by the Owner or Owners of Ne« Slaves^ of gro ai,d other Slaves, so taken by the Provost Marftial or his lawful Deputy or Deputies, by V * virtue of Writs of Venditioni Exponas, or by the Attornies, Executors, Administrators, or

Guardians of such Owner or Owners, or by any Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or by his, her, or their Representative or Representatives, before any one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of

Judicature of this Island, or before any one of the Commissioners appointed by Law to take

Affidavits out of Court in Matters relating to the said Supreme Court, who are, and each of

them is hereby empowered and required to take the fame, that such Negro and other Slaves so taken as aforesaid are not the Property of the Party or Parties agaii.ft whom such Writ or Writs of Venditioni Exponas have been issued, nor liable to his or their Debt; but are the Property of the Deponent, or of the Person or Persons whom he, she, or they represent, either in Right of Mortgage, Intail, Dower, Right of Minors, or are under Lease, as the Case may happen j that then the Provost Marshal or his Deputies, being duly served with such Affidavits, shall, and he and they are hereby enjoined, directed, ordered, and obliged to suspend and stay the Sale of such Negro or other Slaves in such Affidavit named, specified, and men-Sales put off tioned, for the Space of Twenty Days, that the Owner or Owners of such Negro or other for Twenty Slaves, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Attornies, Executors, Administrators, D*?* or Guardians, may have sufficient Time to prevent such Sale, by issuing a Writ or Writs of Replevin against the Provost Marshal or his Deputies, for the Recovery of. such Negro or other Slaves; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Proviso. III. Provided always. That such Affidavit or Affidavits of the Property of such Negro or

Negroes, or other Slaves, being made by the Owner or Owners of such Negro or other Slaves, shall be politive; but such Affidavit being made by the Attorney or Attornies, Executor or Guardian of such Owner or Owners, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, shall be to the best of their Knowledge and Belief.

Replevins IV. Provided also, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That if the Party or not lodged Parties making such Affidavits as aforesaid, shall not, within the Space of the said Twenty

Da^11 to* Days, issue out his, her, or their Writ of Replevin against the said Provost Marftial or his

proceed to Deputies, for the Recovery of such Negro or other Slaves, that then it shall and may be

Sale. lawful for the said Provost Marshal or his Deputies to proceed to the Sale of such Negro or

other Slaves, as if such Affidavit had not been made; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

jf.amaicdi

£ ART Tit.

Slaves $ for their Regulation, &c.

Hiring Slaves,—Slaves building and hiring Huts, &?r;

Anno 1719. Ad 6p

V. AND WHERE A^ very gfceat and many Inconveniences have For fonie Timfe past arisen and

do daily arise to the Inhabitants of this I (land* particularly to the Inhabitants of the Three Towns of St. Jago de la Vega, Port Royal, and Kingston, by reason that several Slaves belonging td Unknown Persons in this Island are clandestinely allowed and do daily frequent the carrying on a private Trade, either on their own Accounts or on Account of their Owners or Employers, for Arms, Ammunition, Provisions, and other Necessaties; and also ,to hire themselves out to work for a shorter or longer Time, and for their so doing to pay to their respective Owners or Employers, certain daily, Weekly, or monthly Allowances; which oftentimes occasion them (if they cannot get Work, or Employment) to commit Thefts and Robberies to raise Money to satisfy the Contracts and Agreements made with their Owners and Employers, to the manifest Decay of Trade, and the Ruin and Destruction of feverat Inhabitants of this Island; For the Prevention whereof for the future, be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly; and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority of the same* That from and after the ift Day of March of

tocxt ensuing, no Negro, Mulatto, or Indian Slave, shall hire themselves out to work, either alhore Slaves.

or on board any Ship or Vessel, Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, in any Harbour, Creek, Bay or River Negroes hir-in this Island; or offer themselves to hire without the Licence or Consent, Privity, Knowledge or log them-Direction of their respective Owner or Owners, or the Person or Persons who have or hath the work°with immediate Care, Government and Direction of such Slave or Slaves, under his, her or their own outConfeltof Hands in Writing first had and obtained, for such particular Work as the said Slaves shall respec- their Own-tively hire or offer to hire themselves, and testified by One or more of his Majesty's Justices of the er*» 10 Peace of the Parish or Precindk where the Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers of such Slave or Slaves, do or shall inhabit; every such Slave or Slaves so offending, shall be whipt at the of a Ma-' Discretion of any Magistrate in the Parish or Precindk where such Slave or Slaves shall offer them- giftraw* feives to hire (without such Licence as aforesaid), not exceeding One*and-thirty Lathes: And that if any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath, shall neglect or refute to put this in execution, he shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit the Sum of ae 1. of current Money of this Island, One Half to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for arid towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Half to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in his Ma-jelky’s Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island; in which Suit no Essoin dr Wager of Law shall be allowed. VI.

VI. And whereas several Inhabitants of this Island do suffer and encourage the aforesaid Slaves, not only to build Cottages and Huts in the Savannahs and waste Grounds, but also do let or hire Houses, Cottages, Huts or Lodgings unto the aforesaid Slaves, by the Day, Week, Month*

Quarter, Year, or other greater or lesser Term, who are fufiered and permitted by their Owners and Employers to work and employ themselves in what Manner, and wheresoever they shall think fit, provided they pay their Owners or Employers a certain Sum of Money daily. Weekly, monthly, or yearly; which hath oftentimes occasioned several Thefts and Robberies, in order to comply with their Contrails and Agreements, and to save themselves from the Severities of their Mailers and Mistresses (nay even by them encouraged thereto), to satisfy their unreasonable Demands; which Practices have been found very prejudicial to the Inhabitants of this Island * such Slaves have for some Time past,been countenanced and proteiled, as well by their Mailers and Mistresses in such their Evil-doings, as by those who rent them Houses or Lodgings; For the Prevention whereof for the Future, it is hereby further Enabled and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any

Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers of any such Slave or Slaves, or any other Inhabitant and

of this Island, shall, from and after the 1 ft Day of March, set, let or hire any Houses, Cottages, far in? Huts Hut or Lodgings, to any such Slave or Slaves, or shall permit, encourage or countenance them, -

or any of them, to build any Dwelling House or Houses, Cottages or Huts, in any Towns, Savannahs, waste Grounds, Lanes, Roads or Paths in this Island, in order to hire themselves out to Penalty on work, or to carry on any Trade, Shop or Employment; or shall wittingly, willingly or know- Houses °o ingly suffer any such Slave or Slaves to hire themselves out to work, or to follow any Trade or slaves! and Employment, without such Licence as aforesaid; or shall contrail or agree with any such Slave or on suffering Slaves for any certain Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, by the Day, Week, Month, or them work Year, or any greater or lesser Time, and to go abroad where such Slave or Slaves shall think fir, in case they comply with their Agreement; every such Owner and Owners, Employer and Employers of any such Slave or Slaves, and all and every other Pelfon and Persons whatsoever having the Care or Directic n of such Slave or Slaves, shall forfeit the Sum of 501. of current Money of this 11 Island;

PART III.

Jamaica.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Slaves building and biring Huts,&c.—Slaves grading..

Island j One Moiety or half Part thereof unto our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer or Informers, or him, her or them who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in his Majesty’s Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island; in which Suit no Essoin or Wager of Law shall be allowed, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Justice, upon VII. ^n(j }t js hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Complaint made Huw^&c* be- to any his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Precinct where such Offence shall be coming erected, mitted, of the setting up or building any such Dwelling House oj Houses, Cottages or Huts, in shall order any Town, Savannah, waste Grounds, Lanes, Roads, or Paths, or of their having been already *ulled^own budt or cre<^e<^» every such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and empowered, and re-pu e own. qUjrecj forthwith to order and direct, by Warrant for that Purpose, to all or any the Constables of the said Precinct, such Houses, Cottages, and Huts to be pulled down and destroyed; and, upon Neglect or Refusal, such Justice of the Peace shall forfeit the Sum of 50I. current Money of this Island; One Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, in which Suit no Essoin or Wager of Law shall b« allowed; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Anno 1735. A& 106.

An ACT to prevent hawking andpedling, and disposing of Goods clandestinely.

Slaves trad- WHEREAS divers Mulattoes, Indians, and Negroes, have of late been frequently employed ing. in hawking and felling, from Place to Place, all Manner of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise,

which are commonly used and fold in this Island; which Practice tends to the manifest Prejudice of Trade, and to the great Discouragement of Housekeepers, who are subject to parochial Duties, Taxes, and Rents, for their Houses: Be it therefore Enacted by the President, Council, and Negroes Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Mu-hawking or latto, Indian or Negro whatsoever, shall hawk or carry about to fell from Place to Place, or Goods °to 'n any °Pen Street or Market any Sorts of Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatsoever,

forfeit the on Penahy of the Forfeiture of all and every such Goods, Wares and Merchandises as shall be fame, and to so hawked, or carried or exposed to be sold and difjposed of; and the further Pain of such cor-bc whipped, poral Punishment as any Magistrate in his Discretion shall think fit to appoint, not exceeding Thirty-one Lalhcs.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend, to prevent the carrying about, felling and disposing of all and all Manner of Provisions, Fruits, fresh Fish, Milk, Poultry, and other small Stock of all Kinds; but that the fame may be carried about, fold, and disposed of as formerly, provided the Persons have a Ticket from the Master or Owner of such Goods; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And for the better preventing of such Hawkers and Forestallers of the Market as go a considerable Way out of the respective Towns in this Island to meet such Persons as bring in Plantation Provisions and other Stock, and do buy up and engross the fame, by which Means the Prices of Provisions of all Kinds are greatly advanced: For the Prevention whereof for the future, be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mulatto, Indian, or Negro whatsoever, shall buy up, to re-vend or engross, any Manner of Plantation Provisions, or small Stock whatsoever; and whosoever shall offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall be subject to such corporal Punishment, not exceeding Thirty-one Lashes, as any Magistrate in his Discretion shall order.

i

nor fell Su- IV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Slave presume to fell or gar Cane* give away any Sugar or Sugar Canes, without a Ticket from the Owner or Proprietor of such Ticket'from Slave» on ^a'n of such corporal Punishment to be inflicted on such Slave or Slaves, by Order the Owner, of any Justice, as such Justice shall think fitting, not exceeding Thirty-one Lashes. V.

Negroes not to engross Plantation Provisions,

Persons buying Sugar, Rum, &c. of any Slave, to forfeit iol. v&c.

V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall buy or receive any Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, Cocoa, or Chocolate, or other Product (Provisions and small Stock excepted), of any Slave or Slaves, or any other Person but the Master or Owner of such Rum, Sugar, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, Cocoa, Chocolate, pr other Product as aforesaid, or a known Factor for th.e fame, and shall be thereof con-1 v idled.

PART III

Jamaica.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Slaves trading.—‘Keeping Horses,

vifted, by the Oath of any One White Person, shall forfeit 10L (to the Uses hereinafter mentioned) for the First Offence, and for the Second and every other Offence of the Kind, the like Sum of tol. and suffer such corporal Punishment as any Justice of the Peace in his Discretion shall order, npt exceeding Twenty Lashes on the bare Back or Buttocks.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, shall be recovered before any Two Justices of the Peace, the One Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, where such Offence shall be committed) any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

6 Dec. 1788.

LIX. AND WHEREAS the permitting and suffering Negroes and other Slaves to keep Horl'es, Mares, Mules, Asses, or Geldings, is attended with many and great Mischiefs to the Island in general •, in order therefore to remedy the fame. Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the id Day of January aforesaid, the Matter, Owner, Proprietor, Attorney. Guardian, Executor, Administrator, or other Person in Possession of every Plantation or Pen in this Island, having on any such Plantation or Pen, any Horse, Mare, Mule or Gelding, the re- * puted Property of any Slave or Slaves, knowing the fame to be l'uch, shall cause them to be taken up, and shall produce them at the most public Place in the Parish where taken up, at such Time as the Justices and Vestry shall, by Advertisement in the public Newspapers, appoint for that Purpose * and that such Horses, Mares, Mules and Geldings be then and there fold and disposed of at public Outcry { and if any Matter, Owner, Proprietor, Attorney, Guardian, Executor, Administrator, or other Person as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse so doing, each and every of them shall, for every Neglect or Refusal respectively, forfeit the Sum of 201. to be recovered in a sum-, mary Manner before any Two Justices of the Peace for the Parish or Precinct, where such Neglect or Refusal shall happen, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses* which, Penalty shall be One Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, and the other Moiety to the Person complaining.

LX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the ill Day of January aforesaid, no Matter, Owner, Proprietor, Attorney, Guardian, Executor, Administrator, or other Person in Possession of any Plantation, Pen or Settlement, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Slave or Slaves to keep on such Plantation, Pen or Settlement any Horse, Mare,

Mule or Gelding * and in case of so doing shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of 201. to be recovered in Manner aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter, Owner, Proprietor, Attorney, Guardian, Executor, Administrator, or other Person, at the respective Times of their giving in an Account of their Slaves and Stock to the Justices and Vestry, shall also make Oath, that none of the said Horses, Mares, Mules or Geldings so given in, do belong to any Negro or other Slave* and that such Person so giving in, or his, her or their Employer or Employers, hath not, nor have in his, her or their Possession, to his, her or their Knowledge or Belief, any Horse, Mare, Mule or Gelding belonging to, or reputed to belong to any Slave or Slaves* and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse so to do, every Person so r.eglefting of refuting shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of 20I. to be recovered in the fame summary Manner, and to be disposed of as herein-before mentioned.

LXII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the ift Day of January aforesaid, no Negro or other Slave in this Island shall purchase or buy any Horse, Mare, Mple or Gelding, under the Penalty of forfeiting such Horse, Mare, Mule or Gelding, and -to be disposed of as herein-before mentioned * and if any Person whatsoever shall fell or give any Horse, Mare, Mule or Gelding to any Negro or other Slave, or to any Person in Trust for such Negro or other Slave, every such Person shall, for every such Horse, Mare, Mule or Gelding lo fold or given, forfeit the Sum of 201. * and every Person who shall purchase, or be concerned in the Purchase of any Horse, Mate, Mule or Gelding in Trust for any Negro or other Slave, shall forfeit the Sum of 201. * which said Penalties shall be recovered in the fame summary NTanner, and disposed of as herein before mentioned* any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in anyways notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas it is absolutely necessary that the Slaves in this Island should be kept in due Obedience to their Owners, and in due Subordination to the White People in general* and, as much as in the Power of the Legislature, all Means and Opportunities of Slaves committing Rebellions, Conspiracies, and other Crimes to the Ruin and Destruction of the White People, and others in this Island, prevented* and that proper Punishir.ents should be appointed for all

TVart 111. . 4 K Crimea

PART III.

am ale a.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Going abroad.—'([entiling,beating Drums, (Ac.—Having Fire , (Ac.

Going a- Crimes to be by them committed; Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no

broad. Slave hereafter shall be suffered or permitted on any Day (Sunday excepted) to go out of his or her Matter or Owner’s Plantation or Settlement, or to travel from one Town or Place to another, unless such Slave shall have a Ticket from his Mailer, Owner, Employer, or Overseer, expressing particularly the Time of such Slave’s setting out, and where he or she is going, and the Time limited for his or her Return, under a Penalty not exceeding 40s. for every Slave so offending, to be recovered from the Matter, Owner, Employer, or Overseer, inafummary Manner before any One Justice of the Peace, by Warrant of Distress, Complaint being made to him upon Oath; unless the Matter, Owner, Employer, or Overseer of such Slave shall prove upon Oath before any , Justice of the Peace of the Parish or Precinct where such Matter, Owner, Employer, or Overseer may or shall live, or happen to be, that he did give the said Slave such Ticket as aforesaid, or that such Slave went away without his Confentj and all and every such Slave or Slaves so travelling, or going from one Plantation or Place to another, without such Ticket as aforesaid, shall be apprehended and committed to Gaol*, and (if without such Consent or Privity as aforesaid) there be whipped, not exceeding Thirty-nine Lashes, by Order of such Justice, for his, her, or their Offence in the Premises; and if such Justice shall refuse or neglect his Duty, either in causing the Penalty to be forthwith levied (on Complaint being made to him as aforesaid) on the Owner, Overseer, or any other Person who shall fuller a Slave, being under his or their Direction, to go out without a Ticket as aforesaid, or shall not cause such Punishments to be in ft icled as are directed by this Act, on any Slave, who shall go out without a Ticket as aforesaid, every Justice so offending shall forfeit the Sum of 5I.; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Assembling, XIX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Matter, Owner, beating Guardian, or Attorney of any Plantation or Settlement, shall hereafter knowingly suffer any Dr urns,(Ac. Slaves to assemble together and beat their military Drums, or blow their Horns or Shells upon any Plantation, Pen, or Settlement, or in any Yard or Place under his or their Care or Management, or shall not endeavour to disperse or prevent the fame, by immediately giving Notice thereof to the next Magistrate or commissoned Officer, that a proper Force may be lent to disperse the said Slaves, every such Matter, Owner, Guardian, or Attorney shall for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof upon an Indictment in the Supreme Court of Judicature, or Courts of Assize, pay a Fine of 50I. to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof. Provided nevertheless, That Information of such Offence shall be made upon Oath before any of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace within the Space of Five Days after the Commission of such Offence.

XX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers, Civil and Military, shall be and are hereby empowered and required to enter into any Plantation, Settlement, or other Place, to suppress and prevent all unlawful, drumming, and other Noifc, or Concourse of Negroes, as before mentioned; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas it has been found by Experience, that Rebellions have been often concerted at Negro Dances and nightly Meetings of the Slaves of different Plantations, when such Slaves are generally intoxicated; and it has been found also that those Meetings tend much to injure the Healths of Negroes; Be it therefore Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Overseer, or in his Absence any Book Keeper, or other White Person having the Care and Management of any Plantation or Settlement, shall knowingly suffer any Slaves to assemble together and beat their military Drums, or blow their Horns or Shells, every such Overseer, Book Keeper, or other White Person lb offending, shall for every such offence, upon Conviction

, thereof upon an Indictment in the Supreme Court of Judicature, or before the Justices of Assize,

suffer Six Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize, provided Information is made upon Oath as aforesaid before One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace within Five Days after Commission of such Offence: And provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Mailer, Owner, or Proprietor of any Plantation or Settlement, or the Overseer thereof, from granting Liberty to the Slaves of such Plantation or Settlement ionly for assembling together upon such Plantation or Settlement, and playing and diverting themselves in any innocent Amusements, so as they do not make use of military Drums, Horns, or Shells, but that they shall and may grant such Liberty when and as often as they plcal'e *, any Thing in this or any other Afl to the contrary notwithstanding.

Having XXII. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Slaves who shall here-

Fire Arms, after be found to have in his, her, or their Custody, any Fire-arms, Gun-powder, Slugs, or Bill, such Slave, being thereof convicted before Two Justices, shall suffer such Punishment as the said Justices shall think proper to infliCl, by Whipping, or hard Labour in the Workhouse, / 5 not

PART III.

Jamaica,—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Having Fire &c.—Of Runaway Slaves.

not exceeding the Term of Six Months, unless such Slave shall give a satisfactory Account thereof, or shall have a Ticket or Tickets from his, her, or their Owners, Matters, Overseers, or Em- ployers, expressing the Reason of his being so armed; and that no Ticket so given as aforesaid shall continue or be in force for more than Fourteen Days.

LXXV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Negro, or other Slave, shall be allowed to hunt any Cattle, Horses, Mares, Mules, or Aflfes, in any Part of this Island, with Lances, Guns, Cutlasses, or other Instruments of Death, unless in the Company of his or their Matter, Overseer, or some other White Person by him or them deputed, or by Permission in Writing. And if any Negro, or other Slave, shall offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he or they, being thereof convicted before Two Justices, shall suffer such Punishment as they shall think proper to inflict.

XXIV. And be it further Enacted, That any Slave or Slaves, who shall knowingly harbour or Of -conceal any runaway Slave or Slaves, shall, on Conviction before Two Justices, suffer such voay Slaves', Punishment as the Court shall think proper to inflict.

XXV. And whereas it is very dangerous to the Peace and Safety of this Island to suffer Slaves to continue out as Runaways, and it is absolutely necessary to declare and make known to the Public what Slaves shall be deemed such, be it therefore further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the itt Day of January aforesaid, any Slave or Slaves who shall be found at the Distance of Eight Miles from the House, Plantation, or other Settlement, to which he, she, or they belong, without a Ticket, or other Permit to pass (except on Sunday), shall be deemed a Runaway.

XXVI. And be it forther Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person whatsoever who shall apprehend such Slave or Slaves, shall, for every one so apprehended, be entitled to receive from the Owner, Employer, Overseer, or Manager of such Slave or Slaves, the Sum of Ten Shillings, and no more, bcffdes Mile-money, at the Rate of One Shilling per Mile for the first Five Miles, and Sixpence per Mile afterwards, provided such Slave or Slaves had absented him, her, or themselves. Six Days, without the Privity, Knowledge, or Content of the Proprietor, Overseer, or other White Person residing on the Plantation or Settlement to which such Slave or Slaves shall belong; which Time of Absence of such Slave or Slaves shall be declared on the Oath of such Proprietor, Overseer, or other White Person as aforesaid, if the Party taking up such Slave or Slaves shall require it: But it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that every Person or Persons who shall apprehend any Slave or Slaves that usually reflde in, or are employed in any of the Towns of this Island, and that at the Time are actually run away or absent from their Owner, Employer, or Manager’s Service Six Days, shall be entitled to the Reward of 10 s. although the Slave or Slaves so taken up should not be Eight Miles dittant from their Employer’s Habitation.

XXVII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons lb apprehending such Slave or Slaves shall convey him, her, or them to their respective Owner, Employer, or Manager, or to the Workhouse of such Parish, if any Workhouse is established there; and in case of there being no Workhouse, to the next Gaol, in case the Owner, Employer, or Manager of such Slave or Slaves shall refuse to pay the said Sum of to s. and Mile money as aforesaid, or take the Oath as to the Time of Absence; in which Cafe the Gaol or Workhouse-keeper is hereby required and ordered to receive such Slave or Slaves into his or their Custody, and to pay the Party delivering such Slave or Slaves the said Sum of 10 s. and Mile-money, as aforesaid, and no more, for each Slave so delivered, under the Penalty of 51. Provided nevertheless. That if such Slave or Slaves is or arc brought to any Gaol or Workhouse by any White Person, Free Negro, Free Mulatto, or Free Indian, no Gaoler or Workhouse-keeper shall pay such Sum before such Person shall have taken an Oath that the Slave or Slaves io apprehended was or were at the reputed Distance of Eight Miles from the House, Plantation, or Settlement to which such Slave or Slaves do belong (except as before is excepted), and that such Slave or Slaves had no Tickec or other Permit in Writing from his Matter, Mistress, Overseer, Employer, or Manager, at the Time such Slave or Slaves was or were apprehended, for him, her, or them to pass unmolested; and that the said Slave pr Slaves had been carried flrtt to the Owner, Employer, or Manager, of such Slave or Slaves (provided such Owner, Employer, or Manager, shall be in the Parish in which the said Slave or Slaves shall be apprehended), and that the Matter, Mistress, Overseer, or Manager had refused to pay for the apprehending him, her, or them according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act: And that no Ticket shall be granted for any Slave o'r Slaves for any Time exceeding One Calendar Month.

XXVIII. And that it may be publicly known in the respective Parishes what Slaves , are runaway, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Owners, Employer

or

PART III.

Jamaica.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Of runaway Slaves.—Annual Accounts of Births and Deaths.—Of runaway Slaves.—Of Gaols and IVcrkhouses,

or Employers of Slaves, under the Penalty of 5 1. for every Offence, shall, by him, her, or themselves, or by the Overseer or Manager of their respective Plantations or Settlements, within the first Ten Days of the Months of March, June, September, and December, in each and every Year, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Custos, or any Magistrate of their respective Parishes, an Account upon Oath (which Oath any Magistrate is hereby empowered and required to administer), of the Number, of Slaves run away from him, her, or them, or from his, her, or their respective Plantations or Settlements j in which Account shall be inserted the Names of such Slaves, and the Time when each Slave shall have been absent or run away: And every Magistrate is hereby required, under the Penalty of 101. to transmit such Accounts as shall be delivered in to him to the Clerk of the Vestry by the Twentieth Day of the Months herein-before mentioned: And the said Clerk of the Vestry is hereby directed and required, under the Penalty of 5 1. to enter such Accounts in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and at the Quarterly Meeting of the Justices and Vestry to lay the fame before them.

XXIX. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty-eighth Day of Annual Ac- j)ecember in every Year (the Time of giving in as aforesaid), or within Thirty Days after the counts of Owner, Overseer, or Manager of every Plantation, Pen, or Settlement, shall give in, on Oath, Births and an ^ccount of’ all the Births and Deaths of the Slaves of such Plantation, Pen, or Settlement, Deaths. fQr (^e prececjing Year, under the Penalty of 501. to be recovered from the Owner of such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement.

XXX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the not giving in upon Oath such several Accounts shall be owing to the Neglect of the Overseer or Manager of such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor, or Possessor of such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, to flop and detain the Penalty he or she shall suffer by this Law, out of the Wages of such Overseer or Manager.

XXXI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Dodoror Surgeon of every Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, shall, on the 28th Day of December in every Year (the Time of giving in as aforesaid), or within 30 Days after, give in an Account upon Oath, of the Deaths of such Slaves as have died in the preceding Year, or during such Time as such Doctor or Surgeon hath had the Care of the Slaves on such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, with the Cause of such Deaths, to the best of his Knowledge, Judgment, and Belief, under the Penalty of 201. for every Negledj and in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices and Vestry, from the Return of the Owner, Overseer, or Manager aforesaid, that there has been a natural Increase in the Number of Slaves on any such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, the Overseer shall be entitled to receive from the Owner or Proprietor of such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, the Sum of 20 s. for every Slave born on such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement in the Time aforesaid, and which shall be then living; and the Owner or Proprietor of such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, shall have a Deduction from the first of his or her Public Taxes that shall become due, of the Sum so paid to the Overseer, on producing a Certificate of the Justices and Vestry of such Increase, and a Receipt of the Overseer for the Sum so paid.

Of runaway XXXII. And whereas the more effectually to conceal a runaway Slave, or prevent his being

Slaves. apprehended. Tickets are given by Free Negroes, Free Mulattoes, oc Indians; be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Free Negro, Mulatto, or Indian granting or giving such Ticket, with such Intent, shall be deemed guilty of Forgery, and shall be liable to be tried for the said Offence before the Supreme Court of Judicature, or in either of the Courts of Assize in this Island where the Offence shall be committed; and on Conviction shall suffer the Loss of Freedom, Transportation, or such other Punishment as the Court in their Discretion shall think proper to inflid.

XXXIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Ticket shall be granted or given by any White Person with such Intent as aforesaid, to any Slave or Slaves, before or after his or their absenting themselves from their Owner, Employer, Overseer, or Manager, such White Person shall be deemed guilty of Forgery, and shall be liable to be tried for the fame before the Supreme Court of Judicature, or either of the Assize Courts of this Island where the Offence shall be committed; and on Conviction shall suffer such Punishment as the Court in their Discretion shall think proper to inflid.

Of Gaols and Work houses.

XXXIV. And, to the end that the Owners or Proprietors of runaway Slaves may have a due Knowledge, where such Slaves are confined after their being apprehended, and sent to any Work-house or Gaol in this Island, in order that such Owners and Proprietors may apply for such Slaves be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the x ft Day of January aforesaid, all and every the Keepers of the Workhouses, or Gaol Ktepers in any of the Parishes

of

yamaica,'—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

part-ul

Of Gaols * Work houses.

of this Island shall, and they are hereby obliged, once every Week, to advertise in the Gazette of St. Jago de la Vega, the Royal Gazette of Kingston, and the Cornwall Chronicle, the Height Names, Marks, and Sex; and also the Country, where the fame can be ascertained, of each and every runaway Slave then in their Custody, together with the Time of their being lent into Custody, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof, if known, and that upon Oath, under the Penalty of to 1. for every Slave so neglected by him to be advertised; and for the Expence of such Adverti Cement, they the said Workhouse Keepers or Gaol Keepers shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to charge the Owner or Proprietor of such runaway Slaves so advertised, at and after the Rate of is. 3d. per Month for each Paper, and no more; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Keeper of the Workhouse or Gaol Keeper to detain and keep in his or their Custody such runaway Slave or Slaves so brought unto him or them, until the Owner or Owners thereof, or some Person on their behalf, properly authorised, shall pay untd' him or them what he or they so paid to the Person or Persons; who apprehended and brought such Slave or Slaves into Custody, with 2 s. 6 d. in the Pound for laying out his or their Money, the Cost of advertising after the Rate above mentioned, and 6d. for every Twenty-four Hours such Slave or Slaves shall have been in Custody •, and also the Charges of advertiGng above directed, and no other Fees whatever; and the Gaoler, Workhouse Keeper, or Supervisor, and no other Person, shall attest upon Oath, that the Charges in the Account for Mile Money, and the Reward for apprehending such Slave, are actually paid to the Person who brought such Run* away; and that the whole of the Charges in the said Account are strictly conformable to this Law.

XXXV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper of every Workhouse or Gaol in this Island shall, under the Penalty of 101, for every Neglect, provide and give to every Slave confined in such Workhouse or Gaol a sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Provisions daily; that is to say, not less than One Quart of unground Guinea or Indian Corn, or Three Pints of the Flour or Meal of either, or Three Pints of Wheat Flour, or Eight full-grown Plantains, or Eight Pounds of Cocoas or Yams, and also One Herring or Shad, or other failed . Provisions equal thereto.

XXXVI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Slaves who shall have been Twelve Calendar Months in any Gaol or Workhouse, and shall have been advertised in the Manner directed in this Act, and no Person having appeared to claim and pay the Fees of such Slave or Slaves, that then the Fees of such Slave or Slaves shall be paid by the Receiver General; and such Slave or Slaves shall be sent into the Country Towns, there to be worked in Chains with the other Workhouse Negroes; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Owner of such Slave to claim him or her at any subsequent Period, and on proving his or her Property to the Satisfaction of any Judge of the Grand Court, or any Two Magistrates, such Owner shall recover such Slave, paying to the Receiver General such Sum of Money as he actually paid to the Gaoler or Workhouse Keeper at the Expiration of the said Term of Twelve Months; and that the said Workhouse Keeper be empowered to hire out such Slaves, and that the Profits arising from such Hire be applied, in the first place, to the Maintenance of such Slave in the same Manner as the other Workhouse Negroes are maintained, and the Remainder of such Hire be paid annually to the Receiver General, to assist in reimbursing the Fees paid by him for such Slaves as may never be claimed. Provided also. That such Workhouse Keeper be obliged to give the Receiver General, on or before the Twentieth Day of every January after the ensuing Year, a regular Account, upon Oath, of the Profits arising from the Hire of such Slaves, to the Thirty-first Day of December of the Year preceding, under the Penalty of 201. for each and every Slave he shall omit or neglect to give such Account of, to be recovered in a summary Manner by a Warrant from any Magistrate, and paid to the Receiver General, and by him to be applied to the Credit of the Account of Fees paid by him for such Slaves; and that the said Workhouse Keeper be entitled to 51. per Cent, on the gross Amount of the Hire of such Slaves.

XXXVII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any runaway Slave or Slaves shall die in the Custody of any such Workhouse Keeper or Gaol Keeper, at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months aforesaid, and the Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers of such runaway Slave or Slaves so dying cannot be known, such Workhouse Keeper or Gaol Keeper shall, in such Case, be entitled to receive all such Fees as shall be due to him or them for such Slave or Slaves, at the Time of his or her Death, from the Public, upon Application and due Proof made in the most solemn Manner to the Assembly, or any Committee thereof, that such Workhouse Keeper or Gaol Keeper had used his utmost Endeavours to find and know the Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers of such Slave or Slaves so dying, and could not; and that such Slave or Slaves, during the Time they were in the Custody of such Workhouse Keeper or Gaol Keeper, was or were found and provided with proper and sufficient Provisions, equal to what is allowed by this Law.

Part III. 4 S XXXVIII.

PART III.

Jamaica*—Slaves; for their Regulation, 8cc.

Of Goals and IPorkbeufes.--Going off the Island.—Of various Offences.

XXXVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That n6 Gaol Keeper in this Island, or any Person acting under him as Clerk or Deputy, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, work or employ any Slave or Slaves sent to his Custody as a Runaway, or otherwise committed, by a Magistrate, upon any Plantation, Pen, or Settlement belonging to or in the Pof-session of any such Gaol Keeper, nor hire or lend such Slave or Slaves out to work for any other Person or Persons, during such Time such Slave or Slaves shall be in his Custody; buc that all such Slaves shall be and remain in the Common Gaol of the County or Parish, in order to be inspected by any Person or Persons desiring the fame; and, in case any Gaol Keeper shall offend herein, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Slaves who shall have been in this Island for the Space of Two Years, and shall run away and continue absent for the Term of Six Months, shall be liable to be tried by any Two Justices, and, upon Conviction thereof, such Slave or Slaves shall suffer such Punishment, as the said Justices shall think proper to inflict.

LXIV. And whereas several Slaves have lately found Means to desert from their Owners, and depart from this Island, to the great Damage of such Owners, in evil Example to other Slaves, who may thereby be induced to attempt or conspireto do the fame: And whereas there is Reason tofufpedl that such Slaves have been aided and shifted in such Escape and Departure by other Persons, and there is not any adequate Punishment provided by Law for such Desertion and Departure, or attempting or conspiring to desert and depart this Island, or for Persons aiding, afflfting, or abetting such Deserters; for Remedy whereof, be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of January aforesaid, if any Slave shall run away from his, her, or their Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers, and go off, or conspire, or attempt to go off this Island in any Ship, Boat, Canoe, or other Vessel or Craft whatsoever, or be aiding, abetting, or afflfting to any other Slave or Slaves in such going off this Island, he, she, or they so running and going off, or conspiring or attempting to go off, or so aiding, alflftina, or abetting in such going off (being duly convicted before the Quarter Sessions), Hull suffer Death or such Punishment as the said Court shall think proper to direct.

LXV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro, Mulatto, or Indian of free Condition shall, on or after the First Day of January aforesaid, knowingly be aiding, assisting, or abetting any Slave or Slaves in going off this Island, and shall be convicted thereof, either in the Supreme Court or in any of the Assize Courts of this Island, such Negro, Mulatto, or Indian of free Condition, shall be forthwith transported off this Island by the Provost Marshal General, or his lawful Deputy, into whose Custody such Person or Persons shall be committed j and if such Person or Persons so convicted, sentenced, and transported shall afterwards be found at large in this Island, he, she, or they, being thereof convicted before the Supreme Court of Judicature, or Courts of Assize in this Island, shall suffer Death.

LXVI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person or Persons shall knowingly be aiding, assisting, or abetting to any Slave or Slaves in going off this island, he, she, or they, being convicted thereof, by Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature or Courts of Assize, shall forfeit the Sum of iool. for each Slave, One Moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to the Party or Parrits at whose Suit or Complaint such Person was convicted, and shall also suffer Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the said Court, for any Space of Time not exceeding Twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

LXVII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to proceed against the Person or Persons so aiding, assisting, or abetting such Slave or Slaves in going off this Island, whether the Principal or Principals be convicted or not j any Thing in this or any other A&, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave shall offer any Violence, by Striking or otherwise, to any White Person, such Slave, upon due and proper Proof, shall, upon Conviction, be punished with. Death, or Confinement to hard Labour for Life or otherwise, as the Court shall in their Discretion think proper to inflict; provided such Striking or Conflict be not by Command of his or their Owners, Overseers, or Persons imrufted over them, or in the lawful Defence of their Owners Persons or Goods.

XL. And in order to prevent the many Mischiefs that may hereafter arise from the wicked Art of Negroes going under the Appellation of Obeah Men and Women, pretending to have Communication with the Devil and other evil Spirits, whereby the weak and superstitious are deluded

Of various Offences.

Going off the Island.

PART III.

Jamaica.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Of various Offences.—Of'the Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.

luded'into a Belief of their having full Power to exempt them, whilst under their Protection, from any Evils that might otherwise happen: Be it therefore Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the ill Day of January aforesaid, any Slave who shall pretend to any supernatural Power, in order to affect the Health or Lives of others, or promote the Purposes of Rebellion,

shall, upon Conviction thereof, fuller Death, or such other Punishment as the Court shall think proper to diredlj any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary-in any wise notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slave shall mix or prepare with an Intent to give, or cause to be given, any Poilon or poifoo-ous Drug, or shall actually give or cause to be given any such Poison or poisonous Drug, although Death may not ensue upon the taking thereof, the said Slave or Slaves, together with their Accessaries, as well before as after the Fadt (being Slaves), being duly convicted thereof, shall fuller Death, or be confined to hard Labour for Life, as the Court shall determine; any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And whereas great Numbers of horned Cattle, Sheep-, Goats, Horses, Mares, Mules, and Asses, are frequently stolen and killed by Negro and other Slaves, in so secret and private a Manner, that it is with the greatest Difficulty that they can be found out and discovered in such Manner as to convidl them of such Offence, although large Quantities of Beef, Mutton, and the Flesh of other valuable Animals are found upon him, her, or them; in order therefore to prevent such Evils in future, and to punish the Perpetrators of such Acts agreeably to their Crimes, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slave shall fraudulently have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, unknown to his or her Mailer, Owner, Overseer, or other Person, who shall have the overlooking or employing of such Slave, any fresh Beef, Veal,

Mutton, or Goat, or the Fltlh of Horse, Mare, Mule, or Ass, in any Quantity exceeding Five, and not exceeding Twenty Pounds Weight, such Negro or other Slave, upon due Conviction thereof before any Two Magistrates, shall be whipped in such Manner as such Magistrates shall direct, not exceeding Thirty-nine Lashes*, and if there shall be found in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, a larger or greater Quantity than Twenty Pounds Weight of fresh Beef,

Veal, Mutton, or Goat, or the Flesh of Horse, Mare, Mule, or Ass, and such Slave shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she became possessed of such Meat, that then such Negrd or other Slave, upon Conviction thereof, shall suffer such Punishment as the said Two Justice*

shall think proper to direct, not extending to Life or Imprisonment for Life. '

XLIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slave shall, after the ill Day of January aforesaid, (leal any such horned Cattle, Sheep, Goar,

Horse, Mare, Mule, or Ass, or shall kill any such horned Cattle, Sheep, Goat, Horse, Mare,

Mule, or Ass, with Intent to Heal the whole Carcase of any such horned Cattle, Sheep, Goat,

Horse, Mare, Mule, or Ass, or any Part of the Flesh thereof, such Negro or other Slave shall, on Conviction thereof, suffer Death, or such other Punishment as the Court shall think proper to inflidl.

I_.IV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves, transported off this I (land under any former Act for any Fault or Crime, shall at any Time wilfully return, upon Complaint made to any one Justice of the Peace, the said Justice, upon View of the Record, and the Identity of said Slave being proved, he is hereby empowered and required, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, immediately toiffueoota Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to any Marshal or Constable, forthwith to apprehend the said Slave or Slaves so returning, and commit them to any of the Workhouses in this Island, there to be confined to hard Labour for Life.

XLIV. And whereas it is necessary to declare how and in what Manner Slaves shall be tried Of the for the several Crimes which they may hereafter commit, be it Enacted by the Authority afore- Trial of said. That from and after the id Day of January aforesaid, upon Complaint made to any Slaves, and Justice of the Peace of any Felony, Burglary, Robbery, burning of Houses, Cane Pieces, re- Proceedings bellious Conspiracies, compassing or imagining the Death of any White Person or Persons, or any thereon. other Offence whatsoever committed by any Slave or Slaves that shall subject such Slave or Slaves to suffer Death or Confinement to hard Labour for Life, such Justice shall issue out his Warrant for apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and for all Persons to be brought before him, or any other Justice of the Peace that can give Evidence (and the Evidence of Slaves against one another, in this and in all other cases, shall be received) -, and if, upon Examination, it appears probable that the Slave or Slaves apprehended is or are guilty, the Justice before whom such Examination shall be had and taken, shall commit him, her, or them to Prison, and bind over the Witnesses to appear at a certain Day not less than Ten Days from the Day on which

PART III.

fdtttoicti “Slaves; for their Regulation, &c*

Of the Trial of Slaves> and Proceedings thereon.

the Complaint shall be made, and at the Place where the Quarter Sessions are usually held, and Where there are no Quarter Sessions held, at the Place, where the Parochial Business is usually transacted, and shall certify to Two other Justices of the Peace the Cause of such Commitment, and require them by virtue of this Act to associate themselves to him *, which such Justices are hereby severally required to do under the Penalty of aol. for every Neglect or Refusal; and the said Justices so associated shall issue out their Warrant to summon Twelve Persons such as are usually warned and impannelled to serve on Juries (the Master, Owner, or Proprietor of the Slave or Slaves so complained of, or the Attorney, Guardian, Trustee, Overseer, or Book-keeper, of such Master, Owner, or Proprietor, or the Person prosecuting, his or her Attorney, Guardian, Trustee, Overseer, or Book-keeper always excepted) personally to be and appear before the said Justices at the Day and Place aforesaid, to be expressed in such Warrant, and between the Hours of Eight and Twelve in the Forenoon, when and where the said Persons so warned are hereby severally required to attend, under the Penalty of Five Pounds; and when and where the said Justices shall cause the said Slave or Slaves so complained of to be brought before them; and thereupon Nine of the said Persons so summoned as aforesaid, shall compose a Jury to try the said Slave or Slaves, and shall, by the said Justices, be sworn to try the Matter before them, and to give a true Verdict according to Evidence; and the Charge or Accusation being read (which shall be deemed valid if sufficient in Substance), if the said Jurors shall, upon hearing the Evidence, unanimously find the said Slave or Slaves guilty of the Offence wherewith he, she, or they (land charged, the said Justices shall give Sentence of Death without Benefit of Clergy, or Confinement to hard Labour for Li(c, or for any limited Time, according to the Nature of the Of. fence, and shall cause such Sentence to be carried into Execution, and at such Time and Place as they (hall' think proper (Women with Child only excepted, whose Execution shall be respited until after Delivery). Provided always nevertheless, That at every Court of Quarter Sessions held in each and every Parish or Precind within this Hland, the Justices there assembled shall and may, after the ufua! Business of the said Court shall be done, form themselves into a Court for the Purpose of inquiring, of hearing and determining all Manner of Offences, for which any Slave or Slaves are liable to be punished with Death or Confinement to hard Labour for Life, and shall open the said Court by Proclamation, declaring the fame to be a Slave Court for such Purpose, and shall thereupon (on the like Charge in Writing, and in like Manner in all other Respects as the Three Justices associated and met as herein-before mentioned, are by this Act directed to ^proceed in the Trial of Slaves for such Offences) proceed to try and deliver the Gaol or Work-house within the said Parish or Precind of all and every Slave or Slaves who shall or may theo be in the Custody of the Marshal or Keeper of the Workhouse within each and every Parish or Precind as aforesaid, and shall forthwith cause a Jury confiding of Nine Jurors to be called and taken from the Pannel returned to the said Court of Quarter Sessions, and shall cause them to be severally sworn as they shall appear, to try all and every such Slave and Slaves as shall be brought before them, charged with any such Offences as aforesaid, and a true Verdict give according to Evidence as in other cases.

XLV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Jurors, who shall be returned to serve as Jurors at the Quarter Sessions to be holden as aforesaid, are hereby required, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, to be and appear at the said Slave Court (o tt> be formed and holden as aforesaid, and to serve as Jurors thereon as they shall respectively be called. Provided also. That nothing in this Act contained shall hinder or prevent the said Justices upon any such Trial where any Slave or Slaves shall be condemned to die, from respiting the Execution of such Sentence for any Term not exceeding Thirty Days, or until the Pleasure of the Commander in Chief shall be known, in case proper Cause shall appear to them for so doing; and that if the Jury upon any such Trial shall apply to the said Justices to suspend the Execution Of any Sentence until the Pleasure of the Commander in Chief is known, the said Justices shall be obliged to suspend the fame for Thirty Days, except in cases of Trial of any Slave or Slaves con-vided of actual Rebellion; in all which cases the said Justices shall, if they think it expedient, order the Sentence passed on such Slave or Slaves to be carried into immediate Execution.

XLVI. And be it further Enacted, That no less than Three Justices shall constitute a Court . for the Trial of any Slave or Slaves for any Crime or Offence, that shall subject such Slave or Slaves to fuflfer Death or Confinement to hard Labour for Life; and that upon all such Trials no peremptory Challenges of any of the said Jurors, or any Exception to the Form of the Indictment, shall be allowed.

XLVII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases where the Punishment of Death is inflicted, the Execution shall be performed in a public Part of the Parish, and with due Solemnity; and Care (half be taken by the Gaoler or Deputy Marshal, that the Criminal is free from Intoxication at the Time of his Trial, and from thence to, and at the Time of his Execution, under the Penalty of Five Pounds; and the Mode of such Execution shall be hang-‘ ing

Jamaica. —-Slaves; for their Protection, See.

Part m.

Provisions and Clothing for Slaves.—Maintenance of those infirm.—Their InfiruElion in Religion.—Rewards to

' Slaves.

good and ample Provisioa for all such Slaves as they shall be possessed of, in order that they may be properly supported and maintained, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Matter, Owner, or Mnnte-Possessor of any Slave or Slaves, whether in his or her own Right, or as Attorney, Guardiati, nance of Trustee, Executor, or otherwise, shall difeard or turn away any such Slave or Slaves, on those in-account or by reason of such Slave or Slaves being rendered incapable of Labour or Service to firm, such Matter, Owner, or Possessor, by means of Sickness, Age, or Infirmity j but every such ' Matter, Owner, or Possessor as aforesaid, shall be, and he is hereby obliged to keep all such Slave or Slaves upon his, her, or their Properties, and to find and provide them with wholesome Necessaries of Life, and not suffer such Slave or Slaves as aforesaid to be in want thereof, or to wander about, or become burthensome to others for Sustenance, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered in a summary Manner before any One Justice of the Peace in this Island; who is hereby authorised, impowered, and required to cause ' such Matter, Owner, or Possessor, his, her, or their Attorney or Agent, and such other Persons as he shall judge necessary, to be summoned before him, to enattte him to judge and determine of the Propriety of such Information, and whether such Matter, Owner or Possessor ought to 'incur the said Penalty •, and in the mean time, and until such Trial can be had, the said Justice of the Peace, on his own View, or upon the Information of any White Person upon Oath, is hereby impowered and required to take up such wandering, Tick, aged or infirm ' Slave or Slaves, and to lodge him, her, or them in the nearest Workhouse, there to be clothed ind fed, but not worked, at the Expence of the Matter, Owner, or Possessor, until such Trial as aforesaid can be had and if it ,shall appear to the said Justice on such Trial, that the Party or Parties so complained of, is, or are guilty of the said Offence, and shall refuse to pay the said Ten Pounds, and the Fees to such Workhouse for the Maintenance of such Slave or Slaves, together with the Charges of the Conviction, the said Justice is hereby required and impowered, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, forthwith, by Warrant under his Hand and ’ Seal directed to the Constable, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County or Parish where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain until he, or (he /bail pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and Charges as aforesaid j One Moiety of which said Fine shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid into the Hands of the Churchwardens of such Parish, for the Poor of the said Parish j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And for the better Encouragement of Slaves to do their Duty to their Matters, Owners, or Possessors, be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter, Owner, or Possessor of Slaves shall once in every Year provide, and give to each Slave they shall be possessed of, proper and sufficient Clothing, to be approved of by the Justices and Vestry of the Parish where such Matter, Owner, or Possessor of such Slaves relide.

XIV. And whereas from the Decease and Removal of Residence of many Proprietors of Slaves, and other Circumstances, and from the Manumission of Negro, Mulatto and other Slaves, without any suitable Provision being made for their future Maintenance, many unhappy Objects inflicted with contagious Distempers, or disabled from Labour by Sickness, old Age, and otherwise, and having no Owners, prove dangerous, or become a Burthen and Nuisance to the several Towns and Parishes of this Island; for Remedy whereof, be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry Men of the several Towns and Parishes in this Island be empowered, and they are hereby empowered to lay a Tax upon the Inhabitants of the said several Towns and Parishes, in the same Manner as the Parochial Taxes are usually laid, for the Purpose of railing such a Sum as they shall judge sufficient to provide for the Maintenance, Clothing, medical Care, and Attendance in the Workhouses or other convenient Places of the said several Towns and Parishes of this Island, of such Nc-gro, Mulatto, or other Slaves, or other unhappy ’ Objects as aforesaid; and the Magistrates respectively of such Town and Parish are hereby empowered and required, upon Application being made to them, or either of them, to order all such Objects as aforesaid to be removed and conveyed to the respective Workhouses of each Parish, where, if a Slave, the former Proprietor or Proprietors, Owner or Owners of such Slave lived or resided, or if a Person of Colour made free, where the Person or Persons who tnanumifed or lee free such Person of Colour resided before his Decease, there to be lodged and taken care of as aforesaid; and the Magistrates and Vestries of the several Towns and Parishes as aforesaid are hereby empowered and required to make, from Time to Time, all such humane and salutary Regulations for the Purposes aforesaid, as to them shall appear necessary and expedient.

' t

V. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Matters and Mistresses, Their In-Owners, or in their Absence, Overseers of Slaves, shall, as much as in them lies, endeavour the Instruction of their Slaves in the Principles of the Christian Religion, whereby to facilitate Part III. 4 U t their

PART III*

Jamaica.—Slaves *, for their Protection, &c.

‘Their InJlruClion in Religion.—-Rewards to Slaves.—Mutilating^ &c. of Slaves.

their Conversion } and shall do their utmost Endeavours to fit them for Baptism, and as soon as conveniently they can, shall cause to be baptised all such as they can make sensible of a Deity and the Christian Faith.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mailer, Owner, Proprietor, Attorney, Guardian, Executor, Administrator, or other Person, at their giving in an Account of their Slaves and Stock to the Justices and Vestry on the 28th Day of December in every Year, shall, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Neglect, also give in on Oath an Account of the Quantity of Land in Ground-Provisions, over and above the Negro Grounds upon such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, where there are Lands proper for the Cultivation of such Provisions; and where there are not Lands proper for such Purposes, then an Account on Oath of the Provision made on such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, or Means adopted for the Maintenance of the Slaves thereon; and shall also, at the fame Time, under the like Penalty, give in an Account on Oath of the Nature and Quantity of the Clothing actually served to each Slave on such Plantation, Pen, or other Settlement, for tl)C Approbation of the Justices and Vestry as aforesaid.

Rewards VII. And in order to encourage Slaves for every good and worthy Act that they shall do,

to Slaves. be further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Slave, or Slaves that shall take up any runaway Slave or Slaves, or inform against any Person, who shall have or conceal aqy runaway Slave or Slaves, so that such runaway Slave or Slaves may be taken and restored to his Owner or Owners; every such Slave or Slaves so informing shall be intitled to such Reward as any Justice shall in Reason and Justice think just and reasonable, and be paid by such Person or Persons as such Justice shall determine ought to pay the fame, not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall kill or take any Slave or Slaves in actual Rebellion, he or they shall receive from the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes, where such Slave or Slaves shall have been killed, the Sum of Three Pounds, and the Sum of Five Pounds if taken alive, and a blue Cloth Coat, with a red Cross on the right Shoulder, to be paid by the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes where such Slave or Slaves shall have been killed or taken; the whole Expence whereof shall be reimbursed by the Receiver General for the Time being, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

Mutila- IX. And in order to prevent any Person from mutilating, or dismembering any Slave pr ting, &c. Slaves, be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Matter, Mistress, Owner, of Slaves. Possessor, or other Person whatsoever, shall at his, her, or their own Will and Pleasure, or by his, her, or their Knowledge, Sufferance, Privity, or Consent, mutilate or dismember any Slave or Slaves, he, she, or they shall be liable to be indicted for each Offence in the Supreme Court of Judicature, or in any of the Assize Courts of this Island, and upon Conviction shall be punished by Fine not exceeding tool, and Imprisonment not exceeding Twelve Months for each and every Slave so mutilated or dismembered; and such Punishment is hereby declared to be without Prejudice to any Action that could or might be brought at Common Law for Recovery of Damages for, or on account of the fame; and in very atrocious cases, where the Owner of such Slave or Slaves shall be convicted of such Offence, the Court before whom such Offender shall have been tried and convicted, are hereby empowered, in case they shall think it necessary for the future Protection of such Slave or Slaves, to declare him, her, or them free and discharged from all Manner of Servitude to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in all such Cases the Court are hereby empowered and authorised, if to them it shall appear necessary, to order and direct the said Fine of iooll to be paid to the Justices and Vestry of the Parish, to which the said Slave or Slaves belonged, to the Use of the said Parish; the said Justices and Vestry, in consideration thereof, paying to such of the said Slave or Slaves so made free, the Sum of Ten Pounds per Annum for his, her, or their Maintenance and Support during Life; and in case any Slave or Slaves shall fuft'er any before-described Mutilations, such Slave or Slaves, on his, her, or their Application to any Justice of the Peace, the said Justice of the Peace shall be, and is hereby directed, required, and impowered, on View and certain Conviction of the Fact, to fend such Slave or Slaves to the nearefi Workhouse where such Offence shall be committed, and such Slave or Slaves shall be there safely kept, and carefully attended at the Expence of such Parish, until such Time as there shall be a legal Meeting of the Justices and Vestry of such Parish; which Justices and Vestry so met arc hereby created and appointed a Council of Protection of such Slave or Slaves; and the said Justices and Vestry so met arc hereby directed and impowered to make further and full Inquiry upon View into the Commitment of the Mutilation of such Slave or Slaves; and if to them it shall appear proper, the said Justices and Vestry are hereby impowered and required to prosecute to Effect such Owner or Owners, the Expence of which Prosecution shall be defrayed at the Expence of the Parish where such Of-

3 fence

PART III,

yama{co\-r*Slav.es; for their Protection, &c.

Mutilating^ &c. of Slaves.—Of Masters funishing Slaves.—^-Holidays, dsV.

fence shall'be committed; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves shall appear capable of paying the Costs and Charges of such before-mentioned Prosecution, the said Justices and Vestry are hereby impowered to commence Suit or Suits against such Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves, and recover all Costs and Charges out of Purse by them laid out and expended in such Suit or Suits; and the Keeper or Supervisor of the Workhouse where such mutilated Slave or Slaves shall have been first committed, is hereby directed and required, upon due Notice of the first Meeting of the Justices and Vestry of the Parish where the Offence was committed, to carry or deliver the Body or Bodies of such mutilated Slave or Slaves for the Inspection and Direction of such Justices and Vestry, under the Penalty of 201. for every Neglect in not carrying or delivering before such Justices and Vestry such Slave or Slaves.

X. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Information is made before any Justice of the Peace, that any Slave or Slaves is or are so mutilated and confined, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby impowered, required, and directed forthwith to issue his Warrant to any Constable, or the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, ordering them, or any of them, immediately to proceed to where such Slave or Slaves so mutilated, are confined, and such Slave or Slaves to seize and take up, and him or them so seized or taken up to bring before some Justice of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law.

XI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person hereafter shall wantonly, willingly, or bloody-mindedly kill any Negro or other Slave, such Person so offending shall, on Conviction, be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and dhall suffer Death accordingly for the said Offence: Provided always. That such Conviction shall not extend to the corrupting the Blood, or the Forfeiture of Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Of Masters •Day of January aforesaid, any Person or Persons that shall wantonly or cruelly whip, beat,

bruise, wound, or shall imprison, or keep in confinement without sufficient Support, any Slaves. Slave or Slaves, shall be subject to be indidlcd for the fame in the Supreme Court of Judicature, or in either of the Courts of Assize or Courts of Quarter Sessions in this Island, and upon being thereof legally convicted, he, she, or they, shall suffer such Punishment, by Fine or Imprisonment, as the Judges or Justices of such Courts shall think proper to inflict, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and such Punishment is hereby declared to be without Prejudice to any Action at Common Law that could or might be brought for the Recovery of Damages, for and on account of the fame, in case such Slave or Slaves shall not be the Property of the Offender.

XIII. And, in order to restrain arbitrary Punishments, be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Slave on any Plantation or Settlement, or in any of the Workhouses or Gaols in this Island, shall receive more than Ten Lashes at One Time, and for One Offence, unless the Owner, Attorney, Guardian, Executor or Administrator, or Overseer of such Plantation or Settlement having such Slave in his Care, or Supervisor of such Workhouse, or Keeper of such Gaol, shall be present; and that no such Owner, Attorney, Guardian, Executor, Administrator, or Overseer, Supervisor, or Gaol Keeper shall, on any Account, punish a Slave with more than Thirty-nine Lashes at One Time, and for One Offence, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for every Offence, to be recovered against the Person directing or permitting such Punishment.

XVI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future all Slaves in this Island shall be allowed the usual Number of Holidays that were allowed at the several Seasons &c. of Christmas, Easter, and Whitsuntide, provided that at any such respective Seasons no Two Holidays shall be allowed to follow or succeed immediately one after the other, except at Christmas, when they shall be allowed Christmas-day, and also the Day immediately succeeding; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; And if any Master, Owner, Guardian, or Attorney of any Plantation or Settlement, or the Overseer of such Plantation or Settlement, shall presume, at the Seasons aforesaid, to allow any Holidays to any Slave belonging to any such Plantation or Settlement, other than as directed by this Act to be given, every Person so offending -shall forfeit the Sum of 5k,

XVII. And whereas it hath been usual and customary with the Planters in this Island to allow their Slaves One Day in every Fortnight to cultivate their own Provision Grounds (exclusive of Sundays), except during the Time of Crop; but the fame not being compulsory, be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Slaves belonging to or employed on every Plantation or Settlement, shall, over and above the Holidays herein-before mentioned, be allowed One Day in every Fortnight to cultivate their own Provision-Grounds (exclusive of Sundays),

except

? ART nr.

Jamaica.—Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

Holidays,

Of Fret Negroes.

&c.—Of Free Negroes.

except during the Time of Crop> under the Penalty of 101* to be recovered against the Over* seer or other Person having the Care of such Slaves.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Field Slave on such 'Plantation or Settlement shall, on Work Days, be allowed, according to Custom, Half an Hour for Breakfast, and Two Hours for Dinner j and that no Slave shall be compelled to any Manner of Field Work upon the Plantations before the Hour of Five in the Morning, or after the Hour of Seven at Night, except during the Time of Crop, under the Penalty of 10I. to be recovered against the Overseer or other Person having the Care of such Slaves.

LXVIII. And whereas the Overseers of Etta'es in this Island make a frequent Practice of leaving the several Effaces under their Care and Management on the respective Seasons allowed for Negro Holidays, whereby many dangerous Meetings and pernicious Practices are carried on; in order therefore to prevent the like for the future, be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Overseer in this Island shall absent himself from the Estate under his Care and Management, on any of the particular Holidays herein-before mentioned to be allowed to Slaves, without Leave of his Employer, every such Overseer so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of 51, to be recovered by Information upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace, in a summary Way, in the Parish where such Offcme shall happen; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any free Negro, Mulatto, or Indian, shall hereafter knowingly suffer any unlawful Assembly of Slaves at his or her House or Settlement, every such free Negro, Mulatto, or Indian, shall, upon Conviction thereof, suffer Imprisonment not exceeding Six Months: Provided nevertheless, That Information thereof shall be given on Oath within Five Days of such unlawful Meeting.

LXIX. And whereas many Inconveniencies have arisen from Slaves going about this Island, under the Pretence of being free; in order to prevent the like for the future, be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry in each respective Parish within this Island shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of this Act, cause diligent Inquiry to be made within their respective Parishes as to the Number of Negroes, Mulattoes, or Indians of free Condition, and cause them to be warned to attend at their next Meeting, and give an Account in what Manner they obtained their Freedom, that their Names and Manner of obtaining their Freedom may be registered in the Vestry Books of such Parishes, and that those not having Certificates shall receive a Certificate of their Freedom from the Clerks of such Vestries respectively \ which Certificate they are hereby obliged to have attested under the Hand and Seal of the Commander in Chief for the Time being, within Three Months from the Date thereof, under the Penalty of Six Weeks Imprisonment in the Workhouse*, which Certificate shall, by the Commander in Chief for the Time being, be so attested without Fee or Rewardand that such Certificate of the Freedom of any Negro, Mulatto, or Indian, as well those now free, as those who njay hereafter become free, shall, by such free Negro, Mulatto, or Indian, be produced to the Justices and Vestry on the 25th Day of March in each Year, or on the first Vestry Day after that Day, to be by them inspected, under the Penalty of 40s. on each Negro, Mulatto, or Indian, for each Neglect; which Certificate so to be attested under the Hand and Seal of the Commander in Chief as aforesaid, such Negroes, Mulattoes, or Indians, shall, and they are hereby obliged constantly to carry about' them, and shall also be obliged to wear the Badge of their Freedom, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Neglect •, free Negroes, Mulattoes, or Indians, possessed of a real Estate, or claiming any Privileges or Immunities by virtue of any Law of this Island excepted.

L.XX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Negro, Mulatto, or Indian, shall neglect to attend the Vestry of each respective Parish as aforesaid, in order to shew their Right to Freedom, after having been warned Five Days at the lead (such Warning to be attested on Oath by the Person serving the fame), shall, on not shewing sufficient Cause for his or her Non-attendance, be, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace where such Offender resides, taken up and committed to Gaol for a Space not exceeding One Month.

LXXI. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro, Mulatto, or Indian as aforesaid, shall be obliged, towards the Proof of Freedom, to make learch in pur-. fuance of this Act of his or her Title in any Office of this Island, the Charge of such Search or Searches shall be made good to him or her by the Parish where he or she resides. 1

1

Jamaica.—Slaves; for their Regulation, See.

part in.

of , and Proceedings

ing by the Neck, and no other*, and the Body shall afterwards be disposed of in such Manner as the Court shall diredk: And provided also, That where several Slaves are capitally convitfed for the fame Offence, One only shall suffer Death, except in cases of Murder or Rebellion.

XLVIII. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Slave or Slaves shall, wilfully and with evil Intent, give false Evidence on any Trial had Under this Act, such Slave or Slaves, being thereof convicted, shall suffer the fame Punishment as. the Per(bn or Persons, on whose Trial such false Evidence was given. Would, if convicted, have been liable to suffer,

L. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar a Record shall be entered up of all Proceedings on the Trials of Slaves for any Crimes that shall subject any Slave-or Slaves to suffer Death or Confinement to hard Labour for Life, in a Book kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace, or his lawful Deputy of the Precinct, who is hereby obliged to attend all such 1 rials, and to record the Proceedings within Thirty Days after such Trial, under the Penalty of 20I. for each Neglect; and he shall be entitled to receive from the Churchwardens of such Parish the Sum of 21. 15 s. and no more, for attending each Trial, entering up the Record, and any other Business incidental thereto: And further, that the Deputy Marshal for the said Parish, or some proper Person acting under him, shall also be obliged to attend such Trial, under the fame Penalty of 201. for each Neglect *, and that he shall be entitled to receive from the Churchwardens of such Parish 40s. for attending at the Trial and Execution of such Offender, as shall be condemned to die, and no more.

LI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Trials of any Slave or Slaves under this Act, sufficient Notice of such Trial shall be first given the Owner, Proprietor, or Possessor of such Slave or Slaves, his, her, or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, or other Representative or RepresentativeSi any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases, where any Slave or Slaves shall be put upon his, her, or their 'f'rial, and shall be sentenced to die, or to hard Labour during Life in any of the Workhouses of this Island, the Court at the Time of trying such Slave or Slaves shall also inquire what Sum or Sums of Money such Owner, Proprietor, or Employer of the said Slave or Slaves, ought to receive for such Slave or Slaves, and certify the fame, so that such Sum or Sums of Money do not exceed the Sum of 40I. for each Slave executed or sentenced to hard Labour during Life, as aforesaid.

LI 11. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'that in all cases, where any Slave or Slaves shall be brought to Trial, and shall be valued according to the Direction of this Adjt, such Slave or Slaves shall be paid for by the Receiver General of this island out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

• LV. And whereas there are many inferior Crimes and Misdemeanors committed by Slaves which ought to be punished in a summary Manner by Order of the Magistrates, be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the ift Day of January aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace to hear and determine in a summary Manner all such Crimes and Misdemeanors, giving sufficient Notice to the Owner or Proprietor of such Slave or Slaves, or his or their Attorney or Attornies, or the Person having the Care of such Slave or Slaves, of the Time and Place of Trial, and to order and direct such Punishment to be inflicted on them as such Justices in their Judgment shall think fit, not exceeding Fifty La(hes, or Six Months Confinement to hard Labour. The Expences of such Trial shall not exceed: o s. to the Constable, and shall be paid by the Matter, Owner, of Employer of such Slave or Slaves *, and in case such Master, Owner, or Employer of such Slave or Slaves shall refuse or neglect to pay such Expences, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, or either of them, to issue his or their Warrant, under his or their Hand and Seal, directed to any Constable, for levying the fame on the Goods and Chattels of such Matter* Owner, or Employer, and to sell the same at public Outcry, for the Purpose of paying such Expences, together with the Charge attending the granting and executing such Warrant and Sale of Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner thereof.

LXIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in future, whenever a Warrant shall be granted by One or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace against any Slave, if the said Slave cannot be immediately taken on the said Warrant, the Owner, Possessor, Attorney, Guardian or Overseer of such Slave shall be served with a Copy of the said Warrant * and if he, she or they do not carry the said Slave before a Magistrate, to be dealt with according to Law on the said Warrant; and if it shall be afterwards proved that the Owner, Possessor, Attorney, Guardian or Overseer of such Slave, wilfully detained or concealed said Slavt, he, she or they shall forfeit the Sum of tool.

Part UI. 4 ? LXXB.

FXRTift,

Of foe

Of Wort* houses.

Slices; fbi* their Regulation, &c.

I iff hd Proceeding* therton.-^—Of Workhouses.

LXIII. And be it Further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall anti may bfe lawful for the Just ices aforesaid,. 2nd they are hereby required to do their federal and respective Duties under this Act, When Martial Law shall happen to be in forte, ii they might or ought to have done if Martial Law were not subsisting •, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof Notwithstanding.

JlXXIlt. And be it further Enifted by Vh'e Authority aforesaid, That it shall hot be lawful for any Just ices of the Peace fitting on the Trial of any Slave or Slave's, or otherwise, to schtence or order any Slave to be mutilated or maimed for any Offence whatsoever.

LX&I V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thkt if the Provost Mar-ffial. or any of his lawful Deputies, !or any lawful Cortstable, shall Willingly or negligently fuffirr any Slave pr Slaves to escape, who shall be committed t6 his or 'their Custody for any Offence On* tier mis Act, such M^rfhal or Constable Who shall suffer such Escape, shall forfeit the Sum of 501. to the Owner of ft^h Slave Or Slaves for every Slave so escaping.

L;Vl. And Whereas great Advantages have arrfen !to the CommOnity from the Establlfb-nient of Workhouses in the respective Pirifties in this Island, for the Reception of runaway and other Slaves: And whereas there now are mahy such Slaves in the Possession of the Provost Mar* 'dibil, or his lawful Deputies, which might be'’employed in the Workhouses in this Island to great Advantage; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tft'Day of January next, it shall and may be lawful for the Governors and Guardians of the respective Workhouses in this Island, if to them it shall fcem meet, to d^ntind and receive from the Prdvoft 'Marshal, or his lawful Deputies, all or any of the rlinaway Negroes or’other Slaves in his or their Possession, or that may hereafter come into his or their Custody or Possession, Upon the said Governors and'Guifdiahs paying unto the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputies, the full Amount of the Fees and other contingent Charges attending the said runaway Slaves during the Time of theh; being committed to Gaol, agreeably to this or. any former Act; and the Provost Marshal, Vrid his lawful Deputies, shall comply with such 'Requisitions under the Penalty of 501.

LVII. 'And be jtftirtherEhafted by the Authority aforesaid, That •whenever iny Slave Or JSlwy^s shall tic fenteriled to a WoHchdufe for any Tfme^xceeding Six Months, and short Of Con-*rinetnent for Life, the Jbftfcesftrall value the TWiefor'Which the said Slave or Slaves shall be fen-' fenced'to the Workhouse,' at: a Rate nOteXceedinjg 5 1 for so long as the said Slave1 or

Slaves may live; which said Value shall be paid to the* Proprietor or Proprietors of such Slave Or Slayes by the Churchwardens of the Pariin where the Workhouse is situated, or to which the Ta\d‘Slave or Slaves shall be sentenced toConfinement; ‘and the OwAer or Owners of-such Slave for Slaves, or of Jany ‘SUye to be cortfined For Sir Months Or ariy1 shorter Time,' Ihiril hot'be- liable to’piy iriy Fees for the Trine such^Skye-’or ^Slaves shall be tOnfined.

LVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no runaway Slave shall Ion any Aredunt be'cOm'mTttfcd. to1-Gaol by'ady MagEftriue of a Parish,’Where these is any Work-house eftibTrftfed, "’bot* to’ futh WoHclioiife'oriiy.

Jamaica.

P4RT III.

Slaves $ for their Prote&ioji, &c.

Repeal of former Laws

6 Dec. 178?;

an ACT tQ repeal an Act, intitled, 4t An Act to repeal several Acts and Clauses of Acts respectjfhg Slaves, and for c^ie bester Order and Government of Slaves, and for p.ther Purpoflsj” and also to repeal the several Acts and Clauses of Acts which were repealed by the Act intjefed as aforesaid; and for consolidating and bringing into One Act, the several Laws relating to Slaves; for altering the Mode of Trial of Slaves charged jyith Capital tOffencef} and for'other Purposes.

WHEREAS it is for the Public Qoqd that all the Laws respecting the Order and Govern- Repeal of ment of Slaves should be cptifolidate^ and brought intp One Law, in order to prevent Con- former fusion, and that Justice may more teffectually be executed respecting Slaves: And whereas it is found necessary, for the Purpose of giving further Security to Slaves, that the Mode of Trial of Slaves charged with Capital Offences should be altered: And whereas in order thereto JSlaves’. it is necessary that all the hereinafter-mentioned Laws, and Clauses of Laws, should be re-

pealed; viz. An Act of rthe Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, intitled, “ An Act for regulating Servants,’* ,passed in the Year,of our Lord 1681: Also the Sixth Clause of an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly, intitled, “A supplemental and explanatory Act,” passed in the Year of our Lord 1683: Also the ,ift, ad, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 4.4th, 15th, 16th, 17th, ijJtJi, 19th, 20th, 21st, 22d, 23d, 24th,

25th, 26th, 27th, 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st, 32d, 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th; ,

45th, 46th, 47th, 48th, and 49th Clauses.of One other Act of ,the Lieutenant Governor*

Council, and. Assembly, kittled, * An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves,”

passed in the Year of our.Lwl ,16.96: Alfp One other Act, for the more effectual Punishment of Crimes committed fc>y.Slave?> g%fled;in the Xe.ar of opr Lord 17,17: Also One other Act for the'Encouragement of voluntary Parties , to suppress Rebellions and runaway Negroes, pitied;in the Year of our Lord ,1,718: Also Ope other Act> intitled, " fAn Act.to jnflift, further and other Punishracn{s on the Transgressors of Two,several Acts, the ^qeintitled, An Act for the better Order and Government of slaves;” apd the other intitled, An Act.to prevent the enticing, or invejgling of Slaves, from . the Pp.flessors, and for the preventing ,phe Transportation of. Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants, for , Life ‘and Years, ;and for . regulating "Abuses committed-by Slaves,” passed i,n the Year of our, Lord. 1,725.: Also Q«e Other Act if>

repeal*Part of an Act intitled, “, An Act for the iporo,effectual Punishment of Crimes’conv*

mitted by Slaves, and to- oblige the feveralrParishes t;o pay for all Negroes e^ecuted in eaf h respectiverParish,” passed in the Year, of pur; Lord 1740: Alf° Pne other Act.to explain awl amend an Act intitled, “ An. Act, for the better Order apd, ppyeromcrit of Slaves* and the making free and rewarding a N^gro named. Hector, belonging to Thomas Fuller-. Esquire, niyi paying his said Master the Value of the said Negro,” , passed in the Year of our Lord 1744:

Also One other Act to infl.ift further and other Punishments, on, runaway Slaves, aqfl such as shall entertain them, patied in the Year of our Lord 1749: AHo One other Act to amend Tn Act intitled, “ An Act for the more effectual Punishmentof Crimes committed by Slaves,' and to oblige the several Parities, to pay for, 4II. Negroes executed ip each respective, Parish*” pitied , v in the Year of our.Lord 1749: Also the Sixth, and Seventh Cj^uics of.an Act-to preyept the clandestine killing and marking of Cattle,. and for the ,better regulating of hunting,; passed in the said Year of. our Lord, 1749:.-And ,also an. Act, intitled;,.“ An Act to px]tiaia Part of . an Act intitled, “ An Act for tfle better prder and Government of. Slaves, and for inflicting further and other, Punishments on, Perfqps filling Ne^m^pr.Slaves,” passed in the Tear, of our Lord 1751: Also Ope other A& to• rcmccjlyt.,the Evils anting from irregular Affprpblies of Slaves,! and to.prevent their.pojTefling Arpis and A^hHipition, ppd going,from. Place to Plape '.,without Ticketsv>and for,preventing she, £(ra&ice. of Obeah, tand (to retrain pyprfeersfrqm . leaving the Effaces under their Care on certain, Dfiys; and to oblige alL , free hiegroes, Ajulat-_ toes, or Indians, 70 register jtheir Names, in- the.Vestry Bioojts, of, the respective Parishes tof . this Island;. and to.carry about shem £he,' Certificateand wpar.4he badge of heir Fjreedppi,

and to prevent any. Captain, Mauer, ,or^pperpargo,of any. Vessel bripgipgb^ck*Slaves tgatyf-ported off.this Island, puffed in.she Tear,o^.our Lord 47,60!; Also , Onc other A<& to explain apd ..amend an Act, Intitled, * > An Act. p> ,cei]nefly- d»n-'^vilsi ;aii^)g ir^gu^ar, Afleipbfies, />f

Slave, and to prevent theiy ppflfefl\og^fp^apd, Amd?.W?t‘Pn«. g?A9g trom Place to p^e

without Tickets, and^prpvenung the P,raft^cp) of.Obeah* vand to.jfdtraio p.vetfeers^hm I’efYAPg 1 the.Estates under theh*. Caire on rCertaiq tLys^ apAjco, cdaJige ad.free negroes^ fy^ jipd

Indians, to remitter their Names in the Vestry Books of the respective Parffties of this Island,

t

PART II!.

Jamaica.— Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

Repeal of former Laws respecting Slaves.— Provisions and Clothing for Slaves.

and to carry about them the Certificate, and wear the Badge of their Freedom, and to prevent any Captain, Master, or Supercargo of any Vessel, bringing back Slaves transported off this Island,” passed in the Year of our Lord 1761: Alio One other Act to repeal an Act, intitled, “An Act for the more effectual preventing Negroes and other Slaves from deserting from their Owners, and departing from this Island in a clandestine Manner, and to punish such Persons as shall be aiding, assisting, or abetting such Slaves in their Escape; ar.d for the more effectual preventing Negroes and other Slaves from deserting from their Owners, and departing from this Island in a clandestine Manner, and to punish such Persons as shall be aiding, assisting, or abetting such Slaves in their Escape,” palfed in the Year of our Lord 1777: Allb One other Act passed in the Year of our Lord 1778, intitled, An Act to explain, alter, and amend an Act passed in the Year of our Lord 1696, intitled, “An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves:” And also the Thirty-first Clause of an Act passed in the Year of our Lord 1780, intitled, * An Act to repeal an Act intitled, Air Ad to prevent the enticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years; and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves:” And also One other Act, intitled, “ An Act to inflid further and other Punishments on the Transgressors of Two several Acts, the one intitled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves, and the other intitled. An Act to prevent the enticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers arid Tenants for Life or Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves:” And also One other Act, intitled, “ An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves:” And also of One other Act, intitled, “ An Act to prevent the enticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves:” And also Part of one other Act, intitled, “ An Act to inflid further and other Punishments on the Transgressors of Two several Acts, the one intitled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves,

1 and the other intitled. An Act to prevent the enticing and inveigling of Slaves from their Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves :” And also Part of an Act intitled, “ An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves, and to prevent the hiding, concealing, inveigling, detaining, knowingly harbouring or employing the Slaves of Others; and for preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years; and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves And also One other Act, intitled, “ An Act to repeal several Acts and Clauses of Acts respecting Slaves, and for the better Order and Government of Slaves, and for other Purposes,” passed the Day of December in the Year of our Lord 1787. And whereas it is necessary to make further and other Provision for the better Order and Government of Slaves, that Justice may hereafter be more effectually administered; we therefore, your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty’s Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may Enacted > Be it therefore Enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of the said Island, and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the rft Day of January which will be in the Year of our Lord 1789, all and every the said herein-before mentioned Laws, and Clauses of Laws, and every Part thereof, be and Hand annulled, repealed, and made void, and are hereby annulled, repealed, and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said Laws and Clauses of Laws, or in any other Law, contained, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provisions II. And whereas nothing can contribute ‘more to the good Order and Government of and Cloth- Slaves, than the Humanity of their Owners in providing for and supplying them with good ing for and wholesome Provisions, and proper and sufficient Clothing, and all such other Things as

Slaves. may be proper and necessary for them during their being in a State of Slavery; for which End

and Purptofe, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the ift Day of January aforesaid, every Master, Owner, or Possessor of any Plantation or Plantations, Pens, or other Lands whatsoever, shall allot and appoint a sufficient Quantity of Land for every Slave he shall have in Possession upon, or belonging to such Plantation or Plantation's, Pens, or other Lands, as and for the proper Ground of every such Slave, and allow such Slave sufficient Time to work the fame, in order to provide him, her, or themselves, with sufficient Provisions for his, her, or their Maintenance; and also all such Mailers, Owners, or Possessors of Plantations, Pens, or other Lands, shall plant upon such Plantations, Pens, or other Lands, in Ground-Provisions, at least One Acre of Land for every Ten Negroes thae he shall be possessed of on such Plantation, Fen, or other Lands, over and above the Negro Grounds aforesaid; which Lands shall be kept up in a Planter-like Condition, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds. And whereas it may happen that in many Plantations, Pens, Settlements, and Towns in this Island, there may not be Lands proper for the Purposes aforesaid, then and in that Cafe the Mailers, Owners* or Possessors do, by fame other Ways and Means, make

good

yamaica.^Slaves; for their Protection, &c. pA*T1*1,

Sale of Slaves.—Whitt

LXXVI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Merchant, Fa£lor, Sale of Supercargo, or Consignee of any Cargo of Slaves arriving in any of the Ports of this Island, shall Haves. hereafter, under the Penalty of tool, expose such Cargo to sale on board the Ship or other Vessel in which the fame is imported; but shall procure or hire, or cause to be procured or hired, a proper Place or Inclosure alhore, wherein the said Slaves shall be fold, taking care as far as possible, in the Sale thereof, not to separate the different Branches of one and the fame Family.

Miscellaneous.

Anno 1736. Act in*

An ACT to prevent the Abuses committed by entertaining, concealing, or carrying off any of his Majesty’s Soldiers, any White Men or Women, Servants or Slaves, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of this Island, without Tickets; and for the better regulating Servants, and deciding Differences between Mailers and Servants.

WHEREAS the Number of White People redding in this Island is of the greatest Consequence to its Security, as well again!! all foreign Enemies in case of War, as against the rebellious Negroes; for the better securing and keeping White Servants and others in this Island, may it please your Majesty that it be Enabled; be it therefore Enabled by your Majesty’s President,

Council and Assembly of this your Majesty’s Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the id Day of February next, no Captain, Mailer or Commanders Commander of any Ship or Vessel, or other Person whatsoever, shall entertain, hide, on shore or of shiPJ ,not on board, or carry off or attempt to carry off this Island, either as Sailor or Passenger, or upon car^y'off any other Pretence whatsoever, any Soldier of any of the Independent Companies now or that here- any Soldier, after shall be in this Island, without a sufficient Discharge fronv the Captain of the Companies he &c._witho« belongs to, or any White Person lately indented or hired, without a Discharge from such White * Discharge Person’s last lawful Employer, and also a Certificate from any one Justice of the Peace of the *" Pari lb or Precinct where such White Person last resided, that the said White Person is free, and not indented or hired to any Person whatsoever, or that such White Person had served out his or her Time according to his or her Agreement, under the Penalty of 2001. for every such Offence, to be recovered of and from any Mailer, Commander or Captain of any Ship or Velfe), who shall be guilty of any such Offence, or his Security, in the Secretary’s Office, in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Injunction, Essoin, Protection, Non vult ulterius prosequi, or Wager of Law, shall be granted or allowed, any Law, Cullom or Usage to che contrary notwithstanding: And that the Mailer or Millrefs of such Person, or the Person so found on board or carried off, shall be good. Evidence against the Person so offending or his Security.

II. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said ill Day Penalty on . of February next, no Person whatsoever shall hide, hire, conceal, employ, or entertain any Person, concealing who now is or hereafter shall be a Soldier in any of his Majesty’s Independent Companies, or any *nc“*

White Person who now is or shall be the hired or indentured Servant of any other Person, or who has not a sufficient Discharge from his Captain or Commander, or from his lall Mailer or Employer, attested and certified to be true and genuine under the Hand of any one Justice of the Peace in the Parish or Precinct where such Soldier, Servant, or White Person lall resided and lived, under the Penalty of 201. to be recovered of and from the Person so hiring, hiding, concealing, employing, or entertaining such Soldier, Servant, or White Person, without such Discharge and Certificate as aforesaid, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature in Manner aforesaid.

Part III.

4X-4Z

Anno

Miscellaneous.

part 19.

Gifts to Slaves or Mulattos.

Anno 1761. A& 28.

An ACT to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from exorbitant Grants and Devises made by White Persons to Negroes, and the Issue of Negroes; and to re drain and limit such Grants and Devises.

Gifts to WHEREAS divers large Estates, confiding of Lands, Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money, and Slaves or Securities for Money, have from Time to Time been left by White Persons to Mulattoes, and

Mulattoes. other the Offspring of Mulattoes, not being their own Issue born in lawful Wedlock:

II. And whereas such Bequeds tend greatly to destroy the Distinction requisite and absolutely necessary to be kept up in this island between White Persons and Negroes, their Issue and Off-spring, and may in Progress of Time be the Means of decreasing the Number of White Inhabitants in this Island:

III. And whereas it is the Policy of every good Government to redrain Individuals from disposing of Property to the particular Prejudice and Detriment of their Heirs and Relations, and to the Injury and Damage of the Community in general: May it please your Mod Sacred Majesty that it may be Enacted j Be it therefore Enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly of your Majesty’s island of Jamaica, and it is hereby Enacted by Authority of the same, That from and after the Fird Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord 1762, no Lands, Negro, Mulattoes, or other Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money, or other real or perional Edate in this Kland whatsoever, shall be given to, granted, or declared to be in Trud for, or to the Use of, or devised by any White Person to any Negro whatever, or to any Mulatto, or other Person, not being their own Issue born in lawful Wedlock, and being the Issue of a Negro, and deemed a Mulatto according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, intitled, “An Act to secure the Freedom of Elections, and directing the Proceedings in the Choice of Members to serve in Assemblies in this island; to qualify Persons elected to lerve in future Assemblies in this island; and ascertain who shall be deemed Mulattoes for the future;” or to any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, or to or for the Use of them, or any of them, by any Deed, Last Will and Testament, Instrument in Writing, or by Parole, or by any other Way or Device whatsoever, other than in Manner hereinafter excepted.

IV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person or Persons shall, from and after the id Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord 1762, give, grant, or devise to any Negro, Mulatto, or other Person not being his or their own lawful Issue, born in Wedlock, being the Issue of a Negro, and deemed a Mulatto as aforesaid, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, any Lands, Negro, Mulatto, or other Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money, or other real or personal Estate in this island whatsoever; that such Negro, Mulatto, or other Person not so born in lawful Wedlock as aforesaid, or his or their Heirs or any of them, or the Person or Persons appointed to take in Trust for them, or any of them, shall take no Estate, Benefir, or Advantage by such Gift, Grant, Declaration, or Devise, be the fame by Deed, Will, Instrument in Writing, or by a Parol, or by any other Form or Devise whatsoever, or any Part thereof, except as hereinafter is excepted •,

Real Estates, but the Lands, Negro, Mulatto, or other Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money, or other real or per-though be- fonal Estate whatsoever, so given, granted, declared in Trust, or devised, and every Part thereof, Negroes, &c. excepf *n Manner hereinafter excepted, shall vest in Manner, and be to and for the Uses follow-to |o to the * ing, thac is to say, all the Lands, Slaves, and all other real Eftace so given, granted, declared. Heir at Law. or devised, shall go to and be for the foie Use and Benefit of the Heir or Heirs at Law, or Heir Personal E- or Heirs apparent of such Donor, Grantor, or Testator, as the Case may require; and all the Rates to go personal Estate so given, granted, or bequeathed, shall go to and be for the Ule and Benefit of Statute*^ such Person or Persons as would have been entitled to the fame under the Statute of Distribu-Distribution. t>ons> had such Donor, Grantor, or Testator died iotestate, to and for such Estates, and in such Manner as the fame were mentioned and intended to be given, granted, declared in Trust, or devised to such Negro, Mulatto, or other Person not so born in Wedlock as aforesaid, and being the Issue of a Negro and deemed a Mulatto, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said hereinbefore mentioned Act.

Intentions to V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Gifts, Grant, Lease or evade this Act Leases, Devises,- Covenants, Conditions, Provisoes, Declarations, made or declared either by eainst.* * Writing, Parole, or any other Manner whatsoever, with an Intent to evade and elude- this Act, shall be void as to passing any Estates, Trust, Benefit, or Advantage, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Estates, Conditions, Covenants, Declarations, and Provisoes ‘given, granted, devised, declared, or provided for, and every other Benefit arising therefrom, shall vest in, and be for the Uses and Manner hereinbefore mentioned.

Jamaica.—Miscellaneous,

PART III.

Gifts Slaves or

VI. And be it further Enabled by Authority aforesaid. That in any Suit or Suits in the Trustees not Courts of Equity, to be instituted against any Person or Persons claiming either as Trustees, or allowed to cefttaque Trusts, under any Gifts, Grants, Declarations of Trust, or Devises prohibited and demur to Bill* restrained by this Act, or intended so to be, the Defendant or Defendants shall not be allowed Equity? to demur to such Bill, but be compelled to put in an Answer as to the Discovery of any such

Trust and Trusts as shall or may be prayed by any Bill to be filed against him or them.

VII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Gifts or Grants hereafter to be made for any full, valuable and adequate Considerations really and bona fide paid by such Negro, Mulatto, or other Person not born in lawful Wedlock, and being deemed a Mulatto, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the hereinbefore mentioned Act, out of their own proper Monies and Eflfedsj so as the whole of all such Gifts, Grants, and Purchase9 from all and every the Grantors given and granted to and purchased by such Negro, Mulatto, or other Person not born in lawful Wedlock, shall not in the whole exceed the Value of the Sum of 2oooo 1. in reality.

VIII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to persons rest-any Gifts or Grants to be made to any Negroes, Mulattoes, or other Person or Persons, the'dent in Great Offspring of Negroes, and deemed Mulattoes as aforesaid, by any White Person or Persons now Britain ex-absent and resident in Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of his Majesty’s Dominions j so as for

such Gifts and Grants be duly proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island on or before the 30th Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord 1762.

IX. Provided likewise. That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Negro, Mulatto, or person may other Person not born in Wedlock, and being deemed a Mulatto according to the true Intent and devifezooool. Meaning of the hereinbefore mentioned Act, to receive and take any Lands, Negroes, Mulatto only*

or other Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money, or other Estate, real or perional, in this Island, so that the Value and Amount of such Land, Negroes, Mulattoes, or other Slaves, Cattle, Stock,

Money, or other real or personal Estate, given, granted, and by all and every the Donors and Testators, being White Persons, exceed not the Sum of 2000). in the whole to any one Person, any Thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. Provided likewise. That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, to any Devises or Bequests, made or to be made by Will to any Negro, Mulatto, or other Person or Persons, the Offspring of Negroes or Mulatcoes as aforesaid, by any White Person or Persons now absent, or resident in Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of his Majesty’s Dominions, so as such Devises or Bequests do vest in such Devisee or Legatee, and the Will and Bequeathing the fame be duly proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island on or before the said 30th Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord 1762.

XT. Provided likewise. That this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend, or Deeds be construed to extend, to any Gifts or Grants already made and enrolled in the Secretary’s Office corded rati-of this Island, or any Devises or Bequests already vested to any Person or Persons j any Thing fied> to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always. That this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be Persons of

construed to extend, to restrain any Gift, Grant, or Devise to Mulattoes, or other Persons not the fourth born in lawful Wedlock, and being the Offspring of a Negro within the Fourth Degree, and ma7

described in the afore-mentioned Act, or their Issue, to whom or to whose Ancettors, the fame c aun* Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of White Parents have been granted by any

Act of the Governor or Commander in Chief, Council and Assembly of this Island.

XIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall or may have any Right, Title, or Claim to any Estate or Hereditament, real, personal, or mixed, under this Act, shall and may sue for the same, either in his Majesty’s Supreme Court of Judicature, or in any Court of Equity in this Island, as he, she or they shall or may be advised.

BARBADO S.

TART ftft

The Law of this Island-respecting Slaves is contained in the following Acts, passed

29 Ap. 1668. ,29 Jan. 1672.

21 Ap. 1676; 8 Aug. 1688.

22 Aug. 1692.

27 Oft. 1692.

28 Nov. 1705.

30 Nov. 1707.

6 Jan. 1708.

7 June, 1709.

The first Eleven of which are to be found dated 1721.—'And the next Fi1

7 Feb. 1715.

11 Nov. 1731.

22 May, 1733.

27 Feb. 1739.

9 Aug. 1749.

23 Mar. 1762.

22 Jan. 1783.

31 Aug. 1784.

18 Jan. 1785.

t

1 a printed Volume of the Laws of this Island* in a printed Volume, dated 1764.

Slaves considered as PrQperty,

Real EJlaU.

29 Ap. 1668. "N0 94.

AN ACT declaring the Negro Slaves of this Island to be real Estate.

WHEREAS a very considerable Part of the Wealth of this Island consists in our Negro prMmW(; Slaves, without whose Labour and Service we should be utterly unable to manage our staves *' Plantations here, thereby relieving our own Wants, and bringing that considerable Increase of Re- Real venue which this Place affordsunto His Majesty’s Coffers, as well here as in England. And whereas Estate. iome Law Suits have arisen, and other great Inconveniences have followed, where divers Persons dying 'Intestate have left their Right and Interest of their Negro Slaves to be by Law disputed -between their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, wherein the various Judgments or Affections of several Courts or Jurors have sometimes found for the one, and at other times for the other:

For a full Remedy of these Inconveniences, and to the Intent that the Heir and Widow who claims Dower may not have bare Land, without Negroes to manure the fame; and also that the Condition, Right, and Interest of Negroes to all other Ends and Purposes whatsoever, may be -fully known and determined, the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly of Representatives being willing that all Doubts and Ambiguities herein should be removed, and the Law in this Cafe declared and put in a Certainty, have Ordained and Enacted; and it is hereby Ordained and Enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That -from and after Publication hereof, all Negro Slaves, in all Courts of Judicature and other Places within this Island, shall be held, taken, and adjudged to be Estate Real, and not Chattels, and shall defeend unto the Heirs and Widow of any Person dying Intestate, according to the Manner and Customs of Lands of Inheritance held in Fee Simple.

CtAt/SB Negroes maj# 1 Real Estate,

Provided always. That no Person felling or alienating any of his or her Negroes is hereby No reed w> held or obliged to cause such Sale or Alienation to be enrolled, as is accustomed to be done, and c"ro11, required by The Law of this Island in the Alienation of other Real Estates, any Usage, Law, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

, Part III. 5 A Provided

PART III.

Barladoes.—Slaves considered as Property.

Slaves made real Estate.—Value of Slaves executed.

Not to extend Provided that this Act, nor any Thing therein contained, shall be taken and deemed to ex-to Merchant*, tencj unto any Merchant, Factor, or Agent bringing Negro Slaves to this Idand, or having the Consignment of any Slaves unto them, but in all respects they, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, may hold, possess, and enjoy such Slave or Negro in such Condition as they might have done before the making of this Act, until such Sale of such Slave or Slaves hath been made in this Idand.

29 Jan. 1672. N° 178.

A DECLARATIVE ACT upon the Act making Negroes real Estate.

Preamble*

Clause I. Negroes recovered by Action Personal.

Chattels to par Debt*

WHEREAS by an Act of this Idand, bearing Date the 29th Day of April, 1668, it is Enacted and Ordained, that Negroes shall be deemed real Estate and not Chattels; Be it Declared by his Excellency, Council, and the Representatives of this Idand now assembled, and it is hereby Declared, That by the true meaning of that Act, Negroes may be sued for and recovered by Action Personal, as they usually were before the making of the said Act; and also, that by the true Meaning of the Act aforesaid, Negroes continue Chattels for the Payment of Debts.

Real Estate. II. And be it further Enacted, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that Negroes shall be taken and deemed real Estate to all other Intents and Purposes whatsoever, except what before excepted.

8 Aug. 1688. N° 329.

Value of Slaves exe (Uted.

XIX. But ill regard there are some Masters and Owners of Negroes and other Slaves in this Idand, who do not make sufficient Conscience of providing what is necessary for their Negroes or other Slaves, or allowing them Time to plant or provide for themselves, for which Cause such Negroes or other Slaves are necessitated to commit Crimes contrary to the Law, and yet the Safety of this Idand requiring that such Negroes and other Slaves shall differ as the Law hath appointed, rather than the poor Inhabitants of this Idand be ruined, and driven from hence by their Means, that therefore such Masters and Owners of Negroes and other Slaves, whose Ne-gleft of Negro* and other Slaves make them in some Measure guilty of their Crimes, may not be countenanced therein at the Charge of the Public; Be it hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Justices and Freeholders appointed as aforesaid to enquire into the Value of such Negro or other Slave as they shall sentence to Death, shall also further enquire by Witnesses examined on their Oaths, or by their good Information, how the Owner or Owners of such Negro or other Slaves condemned as aforesaid was provided with Provision and other Necessaries, and what Allowances those Negroes and other Slaves had received; and if it shall appear to the said Justices and Freeholders, or the major Part of them, that the said Master or Owner had not provided reasonably, and as is generally accustomed, for Negroes and other Slaves, and that Necessity might have compelled the said Negro or other Slaves to the Offences they have Committed, then and in that Cafe the Justices and Freeholders as aforesaid shall certify the fame to the Treasurer aforesaid, and only appoint the said Treasurer to pay the Damage to the Party injured out of the Value of the said Negro or other Slave, and nothing to such Master or Owner; and if the said Treasurer for the Time being, having sufficient public Stock in his Hands, shall fail 5 A a to

XVIII. NOW, for as much as the Lofsof the Negroes and other Slaves that shall suffer Death by this Act would prove so heavy for the Owner of them only to bear, and that the Owners of Negroes may not be discouraged to deteft and discover the Offences of their Negroes, and that the Loss may be borne by the Public, whose Safety, by such Punishment, is hereby provided for and intended; Be it Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, that in all cases whatfb-- ever, where any Negro or other Slave, by the Appointment and Provision of this Act, shall suffer Death, then shall such Justices and Freeholders, Colonel and Field Officers, who adjudged such Negro or other Slave to suffer Death, immediately after Sentence thereof given, enquire by the best Means they are able of the Value of such Negro or other Slave, in which Value they shall never exceed the Sum of Five and Twenty Pounds Sterling for any One Negro or other Slave, and also the Damage of the Party injured, and make Certificate thereof to the Treasurer for the Time being, therein requiring the said Treasurer to pay out of the Value of the said Negro or Negroes, the Value of the Damage to the Party injured, and the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners of such Negro or other Slave, and if there be no Party injured, then the whole Value to the Owner or Owners of the said Negroes or other Slaves; and if there be no Party injured, then the whole Value of the Danger or Dangers of the said Negro or other Slave, out of the public Treasury of this Idand.

Barbadoes.—Slaves considered as Property. part hi.

Value of Slaves executed.—Duly on Importation of Slaves.

to make Satisfaction and Payment to such Matter or Owner of any Negro or other Slave, he having the Governor’s Warrant for the fame, the Party injured shall have an Action of Debt upon such Certificate as aforesaid, against the said treasurer, in the Court of Common Pleas for the Precincts of St. Michael’s, &c.j and the Treasurer, being duly summoned, shall, at the First Court after Summons, plead arid come to Trial, or else Judgment to pass against him by Default and after Judgment Execution immediately to issue for Satisfaction. 7

28 Nov. 1705. N° 516*

AN ACT for laying a Duty on Negroes and other Slwes imported to this Maud.

BEIT ENACTED by his Excellency Sir Bevill Granville, Knight, Major General of her Duty on Majesty s Armies, Captain General and Governor in Chief, ani over the Island of Barbadoes, Importa-Sancta Luca, Dommico, St. Vincent, and the Rest of the Manii, Colonies, and Plantations in America, commonly callri and known by the Name of the Charinbee Islands, lying and being Shvt to W mdward of Guadeloupe, the Honorable the Council and Gereral Assembly oFthis Mali and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Publication of this Act for all Negroes and other Slaves that Hull be imported to this Island md landed here, an Imposition or Duty shall be paid, after the Rate and in such Manner as in this Act is excrete! fvw 1 That the Merchant or Merchants, or any other Person or Persons to who, any Negroes Br other Slaves mall be brought or consigned, or who are anyways impowered to sell the same shall with in 30 Days next after such Importation and Landing, pay unto the Treasurer of this Island for thl Time being Five Shillings Current Money of this Island for each and ev,ry Ne*ro or other Slave, whether male or female, old or young, that shall hereafter be imported a°nd landed, and in case the said Duty shall not be fully paid within the Time hereby limited for the Payment thereof, the Person or Persons neglecting to pay the same shall forfeit double the Sum of Money that shall happen to be behind and unpaid. '

II. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no Master or

Commander of any Ship or Vessel, Merchant or Mariner, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever arriving at this Island, and importing Negroes or other Slaves, shall be permitted to trade or barter within this Island, with or for such Negroes or Slaves, or any of them, or ' to land any of the Negroes or Slaves before such Time as the Master or Purser of the Shin or Vessel wherein the said Negroes or Slaves are imported shall have made Oath before the Trea Purer of this Island, or the Comptroller of the Duty of Excise for the Time being (who are hereby severally impowered and authorized to administer such Oath) of the true Number of the Negroes and Slaves that are imported in the said Ship or Vessel, either by Bill of Lading or otherJife» and in case any Person or Persons shall offend herein, he or they shall forfeit ior. Current Money of this Island for each and every Negro or other Slave by such Offender or Offenders imported to this Island; and in case any Master or Purser shall give in a false or short Number of the Negroes or Slaves imported in his said Ship or Vessel, he shall forfeit 10 s. Current Money of this Island for each and every Negro or other Slave that is or are imported in the said Ship or Vessel. over and above the Number by him given in.

III. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall presume to land privately or otherwise any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, before Oath shall be made in manner aforesaid, the said Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves so landed may be lawfully seized by any Person or Persons whatsoever, and the full Value of such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, shall be forfeited, to be recovered against the Person or Persons in whose Possession the said Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, shall be found, by Action of Debt Bill, Plaint, or Information, in her Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, or in the Court of Common Pleas for the Precinct where such Seizure shall be made, at the Election of the Informer, and the said Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be pleaded to and tried the very First Court after the fame is filed, and the Defendant or Defendants duly served therewith j and the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being is hereby impowered and required to issue Execution or Executions against all and every Person and Persons that shall make Default of Payment of the aforesaid Duty in and by this Act appointed, as also for the several Forfeitures above mentioned (except only the full Value of Negroes and Slaves that are landed before Oath made in Manner aforesaid) the said Execution or Executions to be directed to any Constable or Constables, who are hereby impowered and required to proceed thereon in all Things in such Manner as by the Laws of this Island in the Cafe of Servants Wages is directed and appointed.

7 Feb.

PART III.

Barbadoes.—Slaves considered..as Property.

Duty on Importation of Slaves.—Enticing away Slaves.— of

7 Feb. 1715.. N° 593.

A SUPPLEMENTAL ACT to the Act intitled, An Act for laying a Duty on new Negroes, and other Slaves imported to this Island.

WHEREAS some Persons in this Wand, intending to defeat the Public of the Duty arising by virtue of the before mentioned Acts, have, after the Arrival of Ships and other Vessels at this Island with Negroes and other Slaves, contrafted for or bought up great Numbers of such Negroes, and them have removed on Board of other Vessels, and exported them to other Places without landing them in this Island, by which Means they have evaded the Payment of such ' Duty, against the true Intent and Meaning of the before mentioned Law; Be it therefore En-aftedby his Excellency Robert Lowther Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands lying and being to windward of Guadeloupe and the Honourable the Members of Ais Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the feme, That no Negroes or other Slaves whatsoever, which shall for the future be once imported iito this Island, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Five Shil-. -lings a Head, but such only which shall be within 48 Hours exported in the fame Ship or Vessel

wherein they were brought and imported; and even in that Cafe, before any such Ship or other Vessel exporting any Negroes or other Slaves shall be permitted to clear from this Island with-. out paying the Duty a'orefaid, the Matter or Commander of such Ship or other Vessel, Super

Cargo, or Merchant, shall make Oath before the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being ' (which he is hereby impowered and required to administer) that no Person whatsoever, since his Arrival at this Ifla*d, hath purchased any of the Negroes or other Slaves intended to be so exported; and that 10 Contraft or Agreement, either verbal or in Writing, made or entered into with any Person vhatsoever in this Island, for or concerning the Sale or Delivery of the said Negroes, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, at any other Place or Places whatsoever, but that the said Negroes and other Slaves, and every of them, are truly and bona fide exported on the proper Account and Risque of the first Consignor or Consignors, and for his or their only U-fe, Benefit, and Advantage.

8 Aug. 1688. N° 329.

XIII. AND WHEREAS divers evil and ill-disposed Persons have hitherto attempted to Real away Slaves, by specious Pretence of promising them Freedom in another Country, against which Enticing pernicious Practices no Punishment suitable hath been yet provided j Be it therefore Enacted and

away Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That what Person soever shall directly or indirectly at any

Slaves. Time after Publication hereof, tempt or persuade any Negroes or other Slaves to leave their Matter or Mistresses Service, to whom they are Slaves, out of an Intent and Design to carry away any of them off this Island, or howsoever to defraud the said Matters or Mistresses of them, and be thereof convicted by their own Confession, or the Oath of One credible Witness, shall be, by the Two next Justices of the Peace where the injured Person lies, whereof One to be of the Quorum, adjudged to pay the Matter of the said Negro or other Slave Five-and-twenty Pounds Sterling, to be levied as in Cafe of Servants Wages; but in case the Party offending shall not be found worth Lands, Goods, or Chattels to the Value aforesaid, then shall the Justice, for so long Time as will recompense the Party injured for the Twenty-five Pounds aforesaid, adjudge him Servant for Five Years to the Party injured, and so deliver him over to him, and make a Record thereof: But if any Man shall so tempt and practise with any Person’s Negroes or other Slaves, and them actually so attempted convey away, or fend off the Island, and be after apprehended and convicted for the fame in this Island, he shall be by the Two next Justices of the Peace as aforesaid condemned to pay the Owner of such Negro or other Slave Three Times the Value of him or them, and Execution for the fame from the Two Justices to issue accordingly, as in the Cafe of Servants Wages j and if the Person so offending has no Estate, then he shall be ordered by the Justice to serve the Party injured as aforesaid.

7 June, 1709. N° 556.

AN ACT to secure the peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them.

Possession of FORASMUCH as the Estates and Plantations of this Island are chiefly managed and sup-Slavesv ported by the Labour and Service of Negroes and other Slaves, and therefore arc equally valu-

able,

Barbadoes.-—&\ivss considered as Property. tart m.

» PoJeJfioH tfSIavts.

able to the Inhabitants as Lands, and ought to be under as great Regard and Security in La^,

and that what Hull be adjudged a lawful Possession of them may be ascertained, and that all private, concealed, covert, clandestine, cunningly designed, and illegal Possessions may be duly punished, and for the future prevented, Be it Enacted by his Excellency Mitford Crowe, Elq. her Majesty’s Captain General and Governor' in Chief of the Islands of Barbadoes, Sancta Lucia, Dominico, St. Vincent, and the Rest of the Islands, Colonies, and Plantations in America, lying and being to Windward of Guardebupe, which now are, or hereafter shall be under her Majesty’s Subjection and Government, and the Honourablethe Members of Her Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who have had an open, clear, free, and notorious Possession of any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, for the Space of Three Months together before the Date of this Act, accounting only Eight and Twenty Days to each Month, and who gained such Possession, legally by due Course of Law, Sale at public Outcry, Descent, or became seised as Executor, Administrator, Attorney, Manager, Renter, or by other lawful Power and Authority, and have not procured such Possession privately, designedly, cunningly, obscurely, or fraudulently, shall be always deemed, taken, and adjudged, and is hereby declared to have a legal and just Possession against all Persons whatsoever, to hold any Negroes or Slaves until a full and legal Recovery shall be had and obtained; and in case where Negroes and Slaves are newly imported, or be employed or fold in this Island, the Importer, whilst he keeps them for his own Use, and also the first Purchase, when here fold, shall be deemed, allowed, and adjudged to have a legal Possession equivalent to Three Months, though such Negro or Slave have not been here lb long.

II. Excepting and always provided, That all and every Person or Persons, who have any just Right to such Negroes or Slaves, is nor shall be by this Act, nor any Thing therein contained, barred or foreclosed, injured or prejudiced, in the just Recovery of his legal Right to such Negro -or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, by due Course of Law or Equity: And all other Possessions, which' shall not be in Manner as before is expressed, without Covin, Contrivance, unjust Design, or Fraud, are hereby declared, and shall be adjudged an illegal Possession, and a concealing, harbouring, and unjust detaining, contrary to Law, and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. And therefore be it Enacted, and it is Enacted, Ordained, and Declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the Publication of this Act, shall knowingly maintain, keep, harbour, conceal, or detain any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, in such secret, clandestine, and illegal Manner as aforesaid, all and every such Person or Persons who is or are in such Case injured or grieved, and have, or shall have their Negroes or Slaves so detained from him, her, or them, are hereby fully impowered to make his, her, or their Complaint to any of the Two nearest or neighbouring Justices of the Peace (One whereof to be of the Quotum) to the Place of the Habitation of the Complainant, which Complaint is to be expressed in Writing, under the Hand of such Complainant, in Order to the said Justices making a Record thereof, as well as other the Proceedings thereon, which said Justices are hereby, and by the Authority aforesaid, required and impowered, within Two Days at farthest after the Time of such Complaint, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, containing the Substance of such Complaint, to any sworn Constable, requiring such Constable thereby strictly to summon such Person or Persons lb complained of to appear before them within Four,

Days at farthest, to make Answer to such Complaint, and also to summon all and every Person or Persons whom the Complaint shall alledge can give Evidence in the Matter of Complaint, who are hereby enjoined to declare the whole Truth of their Knowledges in the Matter complained of, and the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant their Warrant or Warrants to search for and apprehend such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, as shall be lb complained for, and illegally detained, to the End that they may view the said Slave or Slaves; and that it may be, as it is hereby declared to be, in the Power of the said Justices, to order and deliver the Possession of the said Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, according to the Appointment and Intent of this Act, on due and legal Proof thereof before the said -Justices, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, that the Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves complained for, have, before the Time of such Complaint made, been in the lawful, quiet, and peaceable Custody and Possession of the Complainant or Complainants', for the Time and Space of Three Months, and in such legal Manner as hereinbefore is mentioned and expressed; and that the Party or Parties complained of have in an unjust and unlawful Manner maintained, kept, harboured, concealed, or fraudulently detuned such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, contrary to the Intent of this Act, or have not come to the Possession of the fame by some lawful or warrantable Way or Means (although it shall appear to the said Justices that the Time of such unlawful Detinue as aforesaid do or shall exceed the Time and Space of Three Months) then and in such Case the Justices shall adjudge the Party or Parties so complained of, guilty of an illegal Detention, contrary to the

Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Party and Parties so found guilty shall pay to the Complainant or Complainants, for every Day, or any Part of a Day, which the Offender or Offenders

5. B shall

Goo Ie

£ARf »t.

BarbadMSs—Slaves considered as Property.

PoJfeJ/iott of Slavet.

shall be proved and adjudged to have unlawfully detained each and every such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, the Sum of £.$Sterling Money, and so proportionably for a longer Time, provided the said Penalty does not exceed £.100 Sterling: And the said Justices are hereby impowered and required strictly to command and enjoin the said Offender or Offenders to deliver and restore to the Complainant or Complainants, and into his, her, or their safe Possession, each and every such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, and in Default or Refusal thereof, to forfeit and pay the Sum of £. 200 Sterling for every such Negro or Slave so detained as aforesaidand in Cafe-any such Offender or Offenders do not obey the Order, Sentence, and Judgment of the said Justices, as to the Payment of the said Penalty, and restoring the Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves so detained, then the said Justices are hereby impowered and required, forthwith after such Judgment by them given, to issue Execution under their Hands and Seals, pursuant to the judgment aforesaid, against such Offender or Offenders and every of them, as well for the Penalty aforesaid as for the said Forfeiture of £. 200 Sterling for every Negro or Slave so as aforesaid detained, and that shall not be forthwith restored to the Complainant in Manner aforesaid, which Execution is to be directed to any Constable within the Parish where the Complaint shall be made, who is hereby impowered and required to levy the same, and proceed therein in like Manner as the Marshals of the Courts of Common Pleas of this Island are impowered to proceed upon Executions at common Law; and the Constables in this Cafe shall and may receive the like Fees as the Marshals of the Courts of Common Pleas in this Island are by Law impowered to demand and receive j and the said Justices, are hereby further required, upon Request of either of the Parties, Complainant or Defendant, to give them or each of them a fair and full Copy of all their Proceedings, containing the Complaints, Proofs, Orders, Judgments, and Executions at large, under their Hands and Seals, for which the Party desiring the same shall immediately pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, together with Five Shillings more, when the said Copies shall be fully complete and perfected, and delivered to him.

IV. Provided nevertheless. That if any Negro or Negroes, - Slave or Slaves, adjudged or ordered to be delivered or- restored to the Complainant or Complainants as aforesaid, shall happen to die a natural Death, between the Day of the Complaint and the Time that the Judgment shall be given as aforesaid, and duly made appear by any legal Witness, such Offender shall not be liable to the Forfeiture of £. 200 Sterling aforesaid, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Butfor as much as fuchfecret,clandestine, and illegal Detaining of Negroes and Slaves are not eaflly discovered for want of legal Evidence, Be it therefore Enacted and Declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Complainant and Complainants so grieved, if they have not sufficient Evidence to prove such Detinue at all, or that they can prove but Part of the Number of Negroes and Slaves that have been detained, then and in such. Cafe the said Justices are hereby fully authorized, impowered and required to examine the Party or Parties complained of upas Oath or legal Affirmation (if Quakers) requiring them and each of them to declare the Truth concerning such Complaint, in case of Failure of other Witness i and if upon such Oath or Affirmation it shall appear to the said Justices, that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, have been illegally detained, then such Justices shall order such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, to be restored in Manner aforesaid; but if the Party or Parties so lawfully summoned, and returned so to be upon Oath of the Constable, except in Cafe of extraordinary Sickness, so as to disable him, her, or them, shall neglect or refuse to appear, answer, discover, or declare upon Oath or legal Affirmation as aforesaid to such Questions as shall be asked and demanded concerning the Detaining of such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, so complained for, it shall be taken, pro eon-feffo, that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, have been illegally detained, and the said Justice shall give Judgment accordingly, as if such Detention had been otherwise fully proved j and in such Case, where the Offender’s Oath is required, the said Justices are hereby authorized and impowered to adjudge such Damages as they in their Consciences do believe have been sustained by the Complainant or Complainants for every Day that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, have been so illegally detained, according to the Value of the Service of such Slave or Slave*, which Damages, when so adjudgtd, the said Justices shall order the Offender or Offenders forthwith to pay to the Complainant or Complainants, and upon the Refusal of the Offender or Offenders to pay the fame, the said Justices shall grant Execution in Manner aforesaid, only for such Damages so ascertained, and the fame is to be levied in Manner aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of 2 j. Sterling Money per Day for each Negro, and shall likewise order and put the Complainant into Possession of the said Negro or Negroes, in Manner and under the Penalty of 200 for each Negro or other Slave as aforesaid; but if such Complaint shall appear to be vexatious, then

, the said Justices shall tax reasonable Cost for the Defendant against the said Complainant or Complainants, not exceeding the Sum of £ 5. Sterling Money, and in case of Non-payment thereof yithin Ten Days, Execution to issue and be levied in Manner aforesaid.

£B 2 7 June,

LjO Qie

' fAHTllf.

Barbados.—Slaves considered as Property.

Suits Recovery of Slaves.

t

7 June, 1709. N° 556.

VII. AND, for a more speedy Recovery of Negroes and Slaves by Suits at the Common Law, Suits for Be it Enabled and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons Recovery of who shall lay Claim to the Right, Property, and Inheritance of any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves. Slaves, shall and may lawfully bring his, her, or their Suit or Action against any Person or Persons who have Possession of any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, except Overseers and Managers who have Negroes and Slaves under their Charge, in the Right of others, who by the

Intent of this Act are not deemed to have the Right of Possession, but their Master or Mistress, or those who represent them, and are the Persons deemed liable to be sued, in such Manner as ‘other Persons hereinbefore mentioned, in the Courts of. Common Pleas held for the Precincts where such Defendant lives; and in case they have no certain Habitation of their own, then the Action shall be served in the most usual or common Place of Abode, Ten Days at the lea ft before the Sitting of the said Court; and upon legal Return of such Service, the Judges of the respective. Courts of Common Pleas aforesaid are hereby fully impowered, authorized, and required in all such Cases to proceed to Trial, and give Judgment the First Court, after a full and perfect Issue shall be joined, and the Cause made lit for Trial or Judgment, either in Matter of Law or Fast. r

VIII. Provided always. That in case the Owner of any Plantation, or his Executors or Administrators, are not in this Island, and have no Attorney or Attornies here, then the Agent or

-chief Manager or Overseer of such Plantation shall be prosecuted, examined, and awarded against for unlawfully detaining of such Negroes, as all other Persons are by this Act, and so he shall be, if he unlawfully detain and keep any Negro or Slave belonging to any other Person, without the express Order of his Master or Employer.

IX. And, for the more speedy bringing all such Actions, which any Ways relate to Negroes, for Trial and Judgment, It is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, when he, she, or they file their Declaration in the Clerk’s Office of the Courts of Common Pleas, shall leave in the said Office, with the Clerk, all such Powers or Letters of Attorney, Letters Testamentary. or of Administration or Guardianship, Deeds and Writings, or legal attested Copies thereof from some Office of Record, or are any Ways mentioned in the Action or Actions filed, and whereof Profert is made, to the End the Defendant or Defendants may have a View of the lame, the better to enable him, her, or them to plead within the Time limited and prescribed by this Act; and after any Plea of Abatement shall be filed in the said Office, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may take all such Papers and Writings from the said Clerk into his or their Custody.

X. And it is hereby further Enacted, Ordained, and Declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Defendant shall plead in Abatement to such Action, such Plea shall be filed in the Office of the said Court, in Four Days after due Service thereof, that the Plaintiff may take a Copy thereof, which Plea of Abatement shall be called and argued the first Court after the filing of the fame; and if such Plea shall be over-ruled by the Court, then the Defendant shall plead iflually, or in Bar, or Demur, Fourteen Days at farthest after the last Day of the Court that such Plea of Abatement shall be over-ruled and filed in the said Office, that the Plaintiff may have -Copies thereof, in order to join Issue, reply, or demur; and if it shall so happen that further special Pleadings shall be requisite to complete any Cause for Trial, either by the Court or Jury, then it shall be in the Power or Discretion of the Court to give the Plaintiff or Defendant a Rule, not exceeding Fourteen Days, in any necessary Cafe where further Pleading is required, having due Regard not to suffer any dilatory Pleadings or Continuances, but that all Actions relating to the Right or Property of Negroes be every Court first called, and proceeded upon with all Expedition, as far forth as the Cause will admit of, until a full, just, and final Sentence shall be given.

XI. And, because it hath been very difficult to prove a Right to Negroes, their Names many Times being unintelligible, and many going under Two Names, and others under One and the fame Name, Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Evidence proves the Negroes declared for to be such Negroes as have been or are commonly deemed, known, or taken to be the Negroes or Slaves of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, unless the Defendant shews a more clear Right and Proof paramount to the Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves in Question, that then and in such Case such Negroes and Slaves shall be deemed-and adjudged to be sufficiently proved under such Proof as aforesaid, any Thing in this Law seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action of Detinue, if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs make Recovery, the Verdict shall be, that the Defendant or

Defendants

part hi.

BarbadoeSt— Slaves confide red as Property.

Suits for Recovery of Slaves.

Defendants deliver into the Possession of such Plaintiffs such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or for each and every One of them the Sum of £. 200 current Money; and if such Defendant do not perform the fame in Fourteen Days after the Judgment of the said Court upon the said Ver-ditt, the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs miy take out Execution against such Defendant or Defendants, and levy the same upon any of their Estates, either Real or Personal, and, for Want thereof, -upon . their Bodies * and the Manner of their Proceedings, as to the Levy or Capias, to be executed by the Officers of the said Court of Common Pleas, according to the Methods of such Courts.

XIII. Excepted always. If such Negroes or Slaves, or any of them, shall happen to die a. natural Death between the Date of the Judgment and the Execution, then and in such Case the Defendant shall not be compelled or be liable to pay the said Penalty of £. 200 Current Money, any Thing in this Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And that there may not be any Encouragement to keep and detain Negroes, when the Persons so keeping them know they have no Right, Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Recovery is made, the Plaintiff may have his, her, or their Action or Actions for the Damages by him, her, or them sustained.

XV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions relating to the

Property and Right of Negroes, and the Pleadings to them, shall be put first upon the Life, and called for Trial as the same shall severally be, according as they are entered; and if It appear that the Officers, or any of them, be guilty of any Corruption, either by neglecting to give timely Summons, or in summoning of Juries, or wilfully fail in their Duty, by giving wrong Copies of Records, misplacing such Actions on the Lift, or otherwise, then, such evil Practices being duly and legally proved before the said Court, or the major Part thereof, the said Officer shall be displaced, and for ever rendered incapable of the said Office, and be further liable to the Damages sustained by reason of such Misfeazance..

XVI. And be it further Enacted, That all Writs of Error on Negro Actions shall be brought within Fourteen Days after Judgment given at the Common Law, or after any Judgment given upon a Complaint before any Justices of the Peace; and also all Injunctions, which shall be necessary and allowed by the Chancellor, shall be brought before Judgment, or within Fourteen Days after, Persons beyond Sea, Feme, Coverts, and Infants excepted; and all Writs of Error, which shall be brought an Negro Actions, shall be put first on the Lift of Error.

XVII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Proceedings relating to the Possession or Detention of Negroes or other Slaves before the Justices, or Property

• before any of the Judges of the respective Courts of Common Pleas in this Island, no Action, Bill, Complaint, or any other Proceedings, where there shall be more Plaintiffs, than One, or where there is but One Plaintiff, shall fall or abate, either by Death or Absence of any One or more, or all of the said Plaintiffs to the Action or Complaint, but those who have the Right of Representation, either as Heirs, Guardians, Executors, Administrators, or Attorneys, such Qualifications being produced upon Record, shall be admitted and made Party or Parties to the Record, by the Rule or Order of the Judges or Justices before whom the Complaint or Action lies j and such Person or Persons so admitted Party or Parties shall have One Month’s Time after such their Admittance, that they may have due Time to prosecute the Interest of the Person or Persons whom they represent; neither shall such Action fall by the Death of any or all the Defendants, but such Action or Complaint shall go on and be maintained against any the Reprefen-tatives of such Defendant or Defendants, or such Person or Persons as shall have the Negroes or Slaves demanded in their Possession; and such Representative of the Defendant or Person or Persons who have the said Negroes in their Possession, shall be made Parties to the said Complaint or Action ,in Manner aforesaid, to the End they may have due Time to defend the Into-rests of themselves or the Persons they represent.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if die Defendant or Defendants in any Action in any the Courts of Common Pleas within this I Hand, shall plead that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, are not in their Possession, then and in such Case it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiffs or Plaintiff to prove, by One or more legal Evidence or Evidences, to the Jury, that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, were in the Possession of the Defendant, either upon the Day of the Action brought, or within Ten Days before the Action brought} provided the Defendant hath not delivered unto the Complainant the Negroes so complained or sued for within Ten Days after Complaint; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs find any Difficulty to prove $he Possession in Part or in the Whole, then Complaint may be made as aforesaid to the Two-nearest or neighbouring Justices to the Complainant, who are hereby required to proceed in

, Manner aforesaid, for Discovery of the Possession, by or upon Oath of the Party or Parties & complained of;, and if upon such Complaint or Examination any Time of Possession of any Negro

2

Barbadoe5.—~Slaves considered as Property. LiR-rfif,

, Suits for Recovery of Slaves.

or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, shall be proved, then a Certificate of the Time of such Possession, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, shall be sufficient Proof to the Jury to find for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs commencing their Action or Actions in Manner aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Widow seised of ahy Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, of the Dower of her Husband, shall fend off, or any ways directly, or indirectly consent to the fending off this Island, or fell or dispose of any such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, so that they or any of them are sent off this island as aforesaid, without the lawful Consent of him, her, or them in Reversion or Remainder, being of full Age, and also of the Executor or Administra for, where they are liable to the Payment of Debts for Want of other Effects, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them in Reversion or Remainder, or the Executor or Administrator, and every of them, or those who have any Trull lodged in them for the Use of any other, to enter and take Possession of such Negro or Negroes,

Slave or Slaves, and all other the Estate which she holds of the Dower of her Husband, the fame being forfeited by the fending off or disposing of such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, so that

they are sent off as aforesaid, without the lawful Consent of him, her, or them in Reversion, or J the Trustees as aforesaid, and every of them, then and in such Case the Person or Persons who have the Reversion shall and may enter into and enjoy all and every the Estate which the said Husband holds in Right of his Wife as her Dower, whereof such Negro or Negroes is or are Part or the Whole, for and during the Life of the Husband.

XX. And for that it may fall out, that the Negroes and Slaves sent off as aforesaid, or disposed of, may be of greater Value than the Estate that such Person or Persons in Reversion or Remainder, or as Executor or Administrator, can find to enter upon, so that there may be a great Defect of a just Remedy in such a Cafe j Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons in Reversion or Remainder shall and are hereby impowered to have an Action or Actions at Common Law against the Widow and against the Husband, for the Recovery of Treble the full Value of such Negro or Negroes so sent off or disposed of as aforesaid, out of any Other Estate of her said Husband.

XXI. And also, for that it is not hereby provided. That if such Persons in Reversion and Remainder, or an Executor or Administrator, be interrupted in their entering upon such Estate forfeited as aforesaid, how they shall be remedied. Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons so injured as aforesaid shall and is hereby fully impowered to bring an Action or Actions at the Common Law, for the Recovery of such forfeited Estate, be the fame Land,

Buildings, Negroes or Slaves, or the Value thereof, against any Person or Persons who shall impede, molest, or interrupt any such Person as aforesaid from taking or entering on any Estate,

Real or Personal, against whom such Recovery shall be had and obtained, according as is appointed by the Acts relating to the Courts of Common Pleas; which Action or Actions shall be tried within the same Time, and under the same Rules and Penalties in the Proceedings, as is provided for the Recovery of Negroes as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Proceedings shall be had and made against all Persons that are possessed of Negroes or other Slaves for and during their' natural Lives or the Life of another, if they or any of them shall fell or fend off any such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or dispose of them so as they are sent off this Island, and be under the fame Forfeiture, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Widow and Husband lie under as aforesaid: And if any Person or Persons so holding any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, either in Dower, or for Term of his or her own Life, or the Life of another Person, shall wilfully destroy maim, or disable any Negro or Slave so held, he or she shall pay Treble the Value of such Negro or Slave so destroyed, maimed,or disabled, to the Person or Persons in Reversion or Remainder, or to his or their lawful Representative, to be recovered against such Offender or Offenders in Da- -jmages, in the Court of Common Pleas where such Offender lives, and be liable to be sued there for the fame, at any Time after the said Offence is committed.

XXIII. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Negroes and Slaves, or Value thereof, shall be sued for, and tried by an Action of Detinue, Writ de Partitione fa-cienda, of Trover and Conversion, Trespass, or Dower, as the Case shall require, and by no other Writ or Action whatsoever, and all Proceedings to and upon such Action of Detinue,

Partition or Dower, shall be in the same Manner as hereinbefore is expressed and appointed, buc as to Trover and Trespass the Proceedings shall be after the accustomed Methods of the Common Law.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the Complainants in Partition or Dower are hot to recover any Penalty or Damages upon such Action against the Defendants, for the Time the Complainants have been out of Possession, other than what may

Part III. 5 C accrue

pARTitr, Barb a does.—Slaves considered as Property.

Suits for Recovery of Slaves—Of Slaves sold at ‘public Outcry.

accrue to them from the Commencement of their Right, which they may sue for by due Course of Law.

XXV. And it is further Provided, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend to any Person or Persons whatsoever, that hath or shall lend any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or let any such for any Time or Term of Years, 6r for afhorter Time, whole Leases or Agi cements are expired; nor to an Attorney, Overseer, or other Person who came by the Possession of any such Negroes or Slaves by A ft or Consent of the Claimers, or by some Persons by, from, or under him, her, or them, and whose Possession appears clearly to be but a bare Trust, for and in all such Cases, the Party Or Parties who make the Claim shall be put into Possession of such Negroes or Slaves by the said Justices, in Manner and Form aforesaidj and the fame Proceedings are to be had in case of Refusal, as of an illegal Detention, any Thing in this Law seeming to the contrary notwithstanding; and in all cases where any Negroe or Negroes, Slave or Slaves unlawfully detained, are or shall be lent, rented, or hired out, the Borrower, Renter, or Hirer shall not incur or be subject to the Penalty of Five Pounds per Diem; but the Person lending, renting, or hireing out, shall be liable and subject to the fame only, and be levied upon for it accord-

“giy*

Of Slaves XXVI. And for as much a9 many Guardians, Executors, and Administrators, by Connivance

sold at and Fraud do suffer Negroes under their Trust to be under fold, and often buy such Negroes them-

publicOutm selves, or contrive that they be bought for them, to the great Loss of Orphans, Creditors, Le-cry. gatees, and all concerned, such Negroes being fold sometimes for Flalf their Worth, even-to the

Ruin of the Plantations to which they belong, and this many Times when there are other Effects, by which Means such Negroes might be preserved; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Guardian, Executor, or Administrator shall consent or agree with any Marshal, Officer, Creditor, or other Person, to have any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves belonging to the Estate which they or any of them have in Trust as aforesaid, to be extended or sold at Outcry, or suffer or permit any such Negro or Negroes to be sold at Outcry, when there are other Effects, personal Estate of the deceased, liable to the Payment of any such Debt, in such Case the said Guardian, Executor, or Administrator, and every or any of them (b consenting or agreeing, suffering or permitting, shall be and are hereby respectively liable to the Forfeiture of Fifty Pounds Current Money of this Island, for each and every Negro or other Slave lb extended or sold at Outcry, to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors,'for the Use of the Party grieved.

XXVII. And be it further Enacted'by the Authority, aforesaid. That upon all Outcries of Negroes, there shall be Twenty Days for Redemption, as in Cafe of Lands, and until the Expiration of the said Twenty Days no Property shall be transferred to the Purchaser, who shall not be obliged to pay his Money for the Negroes purchased until the Expiration of Twenty Days, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: And during the said Twenty Days, the Negroes so purchased shall remain in the Hands of the Purchaser, he giving Security in double the Sum which the said Negroes fold for, to redeliver them to the Marshal, if the Person or Persons from whom they were attached, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or the Person that hath the Title of the said Negroes, shall, at any Time within the said Twenty Days, make due Tender of, and pay unto the Marshal that outcried them, or his lawful Deputy, the full Value of the Outcry and his lawful Charges; in which Cafe such Purchaser at Outcry shall deliver back all the Negroes and Slaves so brought and redeemed unto the said Marshal, Who shall forthwith deliver them to the Person or Persons that shall so redeem them; and if the Purchaser shall refuse, on such Demand of the said Marshal, to deliver them to him, then such Person so refuting shall, from the Day of such Refusal, be deemed and adjudged an unlawful Detainer of the Possession of all such Negroes and Slaves, and be in all Respects subject and liable to be prosecuted for the fame before the Two next Justices, and suffer the Penalties provided for in this

A £t. '

4 %; * ,

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That if any of the said Negroes shall die a natural Death between the Time of their being outcried, and the said Demand of the said Marshal, in order to his restoring them to the Person so redeeming them, the said Purchaser at Outcry shall suffer no Damage or Loss by such Death, and shall be liable to deliver back such only of them as are living at the Time of such Demand made by the said Marshal; but if the said Negroes so purchased at

-Outcry are not redeemed within the said Twenty Days, then the Right and Property which the Debtor had in such Negroes and Slaves shall dived and be settled in the Purchaser; and the said Marshal shall pass his Bill of Sale for the fame accordingly, and then demand and receive the full Value of the Outcry from the Purchaser, for the Use of the Creditor, which, if the said Pur-‘ chafer shall refuse to pay at that Time, he shall be subject and liable to such Penalties and For-5 C a feitures.

Barbadoes.—Slaves considered as Property. part nr.

Dying f offered of Slaves.—Value of Slaves executed,—Carrying off Slaves.

feitures as hereinbefore is appointed for such as neglect or refuse to pay for any Effects bought at Outcry, and shall be proceeded against accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better preserving Negroes on Estates in this Island, and keeping them entire together from Ruin, by the Recovery of Legacies left by Testators, and just Debts due from their Estates, which might with more Ease be paid without injuring any Person concerned, by having a little longer Time for the Payment of such Debts or Legacies, after they shall become due, it shall and may be lawful for any Executor, Administrator, or other Person in Trust, not having sufficient Effects in his or their Hands, belonging to the Testator, or the Estate that he or they are intrusted for, to pay and satisfy, or cauie to be paid and fat is fled any Legacy or just Debt after the same shall become due, from the Estate, that the Negroes may be preserved on the Plantation, and prevented from being levied on and carried from it, which would inevitably ruin the fame and put it out of a Capacity of recovering itself again, and what Money any Executor, Administrator,'or other Person in Trust shall pay, or satisfy, or cause to be Satisfied; for the discharging such Legacies and Debts as aforesaid, the Estate shall Hand and remain a Security for the Money paid, or satisfied to be paid as aforesaid, with Interest for the fame, at and after the Rate of £. 10 per Cent, per Annum, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXX. And whereas it often falls out, That after the Death of any Person or Persons poirdTed

of Negroes and Slaves, great Disputes arise about the Title and Possession of such Slave or Slaves, sessed of so, that several Persons pretend Right to them, and get them many Times by indirect Means into Slaves. their several Possessions, which proves oftentimes the Ruin of the Plantations, and the Persons , to whom they really belong, occasioning long and tedious Law Suits, the Possession not being hitherto in such Cases clearly settled, so that the Justice of the Peace may so safely proceed as the Case require; Be it dierefore Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, that where any Person or Persons whatsoever shall die seised or possessed of any Negro of Negroes, Slave or Slaves as aforesaid, the Executor or Executors, Administrator, Trustee or Trustees of such Persons shall have the Benefit of this Law, to have such Possession for and in Behalf of the Person or Persons that have just Right to them, or any of them, for preserving of them until the Title of such Negroes and Slaves is settled and determined by due Course of Common Law or otherwise, and the said Negroes, shall continue on the Plantation, of the Party deceased, until legally recovered by some Person rightfully claiming.

XXXL Provided always, That the Advantages accruing for the Work of such Negroes and Slaves be not misapplied by such Executors, Administrators, or Trusteees; but they and every of them shall be accountable to the Person or Persons in whom the Title is found good.

XXXII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Negro or Value of Negroes, Slave or Slaves, shall be hereafter executed, and the Justices and Freeholders or Field Slaves Officersihall have certified the Values of such Negroes or Slaves as the Law directs, then if any ecuted. Person or Persons have any Right or Title to a Reversion or Remainder in such Negroes or Slaves, the same shall be by the said Justices and Freeholders enquired into, upon or immediately after the Trial, and the Value of such Reversion or Remainder, after the Party injured is paid, shall be by them set and inferred in the Certificate, and awarded to such Persons, or those who represent them, and shall be by the Treasurer of this Island accordingly paid out of the whole Value of such Negroes or Slaves, the other Papt being due to such Person or Persons who have a present Estate in such Negroes or Slaves j the aforesaid Enquiry to be made upon the Oath of the Party that demands Satisfaction, to be administered unto him by the said Justices or Field Officers, who shall have no such Certificate granted unto him until he shall swear whether there be a Reversion, and in whom the Reversion is (if any).

• XXXIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captain, Matter, Carrying ojf or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Mariner or Person, shall directly or indirectly . -carry off, or attempt, cause, or suffer to be carried off this Island, any Slave or Slaves belonging to the Inhabitants of this Island, without the Knowledge and Consent of the' Owner of such Slave pr Slaves, he shall forfeit for-every Slave so carried off the Sum off. 200 Current Money, and for every such Negro or other Slave attempted to be carried off the Sum of f. 50 of like Money, to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Owners of such Slave or Slaves, to be recovered by Adiion of Debt in any of her Majesty’s Courts of Common Pleas held in this Island, against such Commander, Mailer, or other Person so offending; and if any Slave or Slaves as aforesaid shall be carried off, then against the Security of such Ship or Vessel in which such Slave or Slaves shall be so illegally carried off, to which Action the Defendant or Defendants shall

PART III.

Barbados,—Slaves considered as Property.

Carrying off Slaves—Five Years Possession.

plead ifliiably, and Execution thereon to issue and be levied in the same Manner as by die LatVS of this Island establishing the Courts of Common Pleas and Proceedings therein is directed and appointed, any Law, IJfage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; out of which Forfeiture Or Forfeitures, after the same shall be recovered and received, the Person and Persons so recovering and receiving shall pay unto such Person or Persons as fli.il 1 inform or make appear the carrying off, or attempting to carry off, any Slave or Slaves as aforesaid, On^third Part of the Sum recovered and received, and upon Neglect or Refus.il so to do, the said Third Part shall be recovered before the Two next Justices of the Peace to the Place where the said Owner lives, and Execution to issue and be levied as in case of Servants Wages is appointed.

pive Years XXXV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Popession. who now is, are, or hereafter shall be in Possession of any Negroes or Slaves, and have quietly, without lawful Interruption, possessed the fame either by himself or any other Person or Persons, whatsoever under him, or under any such Person or Persons whom he, she, or they shall claim by the Space of Five Years last pall, shall have a good Right and Title to the fame as in case of Land, against all Persons whatsoever, for and during the Estate whereof he, she, or they are possessed and have a Right to.

XXXVI. Provided always, That this Act be not construed so as to prejudice married Women, Persons under the Age of One-and-»Twenty Years, or of unfound Memories, or Persons absent from this island, who shall prosecute their respective Titles within Two Years after their being unmarried, becoming of full Age or of found Memory, or arriving in this Island. t

XXXVII. And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared, That all Persons whatsoever, that shall hereafter make any Claim to any such Negroes or Slaves within the Time limited by this Act, do by the said Action, or fbme other, if brought within Five Years then next after, bring the fame to Trial, and that Trial to be conclusive on the Plaintiff’s Part for ever, and never to •bring any other Action for the fame, but be for ever barred, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to give this Act in Evidence or. any Trial at Common Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Judges or Assistants of the respective Courts of Common Pleas, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Officer of the Court of Common Pleas or other Courts concerned in the due Execution of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to do and perform their respective Duties appointed and required of them in and by this Act, by Delays or otherwise, every such Person so offending, upon due Proof (hereof made before the Governor and Council, or Commander in Chief and Council for the Time being, shall be forthwith turned out of his Place j and if any Constable shall neglect or refuse to do his Duty by this Act required, then the said Justices of the Peace before whom the Matter or Cause lies, shall commit such Constable to the common Goal, there to remain for the Space of Six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and shall further’appoint the Execution of this Law, and their Order to be put into the Hands of some other Constable.

XXXIX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons duly summoned by virtue of this Act, or any Person summoned as Evidence in any Matter or Thing relating thereto, shall refuse or neglect to answer to such Questions as shall be required of them and each of them, or shall not appear, according to the legal Summons, to give their Evidence, all such Offenders shall, by the Judge or Justices before whom the Matter lies, be forthwith committed to the common Gaol of this Island, there to be kept for Six Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

XL. Provided nevertheless that the Members of her Majesty’s Council in this Island, although they are Justices of the Peace, are hereby exempted from acting as Justices of the Peace on Complaint of Detinue of Negroes by this Act, and from the Penalties therein contained for not acting as such, by reason they are the Judges of all Errors, if any Writ of Error should be brought on any of their Proceedings therein j and if any Justice of Peace is related to either Party complaining or complained of, in such Nearness of Blood or Affinity as is a legal Exception to a Juror in the Courts of Common Pleas, then and in such Case the Justice or Justices of the Peace may be excepted against by either Party before any Hearing be of the Matter, but not afterwards j and if such Exception be true and just, of which his Fellow Justice is to be the Judge, then shall such related Justice be exempted from hearing the Cause, and his Fellow Justice shall join himself to the next Justice of the Peace of the Quorum (if the Quorum Justice be wanting) not related to either of the Parties as aforesaid, and these Two Justices shall be

tji<

Barbadoes.—Shves considered as Property.

PART III.

Sales public Outcry,

*he proper and lawful Triers of the Possession of Negroes and Slaves according to this Act, any Thing herein seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And whereas it many Times happens that Negroes and other Slaves are attached and Sales by sold at public Outcry for and towards Satisfaction of public Levies, Parochial Taxes, Servants public Wages, Provisions of this Country’s Produce, and for several Fines and Penalties made and Outcry. laid on several Persons by several Acts of this I (land, whereon- Executions are issued forth by Justices of the Peace, in many of which recited cases Reeords are.not kept, or at least very often mislaid and loft, so that Purchasers of Negroes or other Slaves by Means thereof have sometimes lost their Right, for Want of Recourse to the Records on which such Outcry was made; to prevent which Evils for the future, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, shall be attached and sold at public Outcry for any of the causes aforesaid, the Constable or Constables, or other Officer or Officers who shall outcry the fame, shall be obliged to give the Purchaser at such Outcry a Bill of Sale under his or their Hands and Seals; and therein recite the whole Proceedings, and set forth the Cause for which such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves was or were so attached and fold, which said Bill of Sale being duly proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, shall veil a good Right and Title in the Purchaser against the Person or Persons from whom the said Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves shall be so attached, and against every other Person or Persons who shall claim by, from, or under him, her, or them* any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding-.

XLII.And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, for the future, shall presume to shew any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slave, or other Effects whatsoever, to any Marshal, Constable, or other Officer, for or towards the Satisfaction of any Demand,whatsoever, made or to be made against him, her, or them, other than what he, she, or they may legally shew in Satisfaction of such Demand, in all and every such Case the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Party grieved the Sum of £. 209 Current Money of this Island for every such Offence, to be recovered before any Two of the neighbouring Justices of the Peace, to the Party grieved and complaining, as in Cafe of Servants Wages; and. for the better Prevention and Discovery of such evil Practices, all Marshals, Constables, or other Officers, who, after Publication of this Act, shall attach any Negro or Negroes,

Slave or Slaves, or other Effects whatsoever, and shall expose the fame to Sale at public Outcry for or towards Satisfaction of any Demand whatsoever, the said Marshal, Constable, or other Officer, and all and every of them, are hereby strictly obliged and required to set up or affix Notes in every Town ;of this Island, mentioning the Particulars of his or their Levy and Attachment, and from whom, for what, and for Satisfaction of whom the fame was made, and where and at what Time the said Outcry is to be, which said Outcry shall be on the Tenth Day after the setting of such Notes as aforesaid; and in case the said Negroes are not then outcried and fold, they shall not thereafter be outcried and fold, but on the Tenth Day after other Notice given thereof, by Notes so set up as aforesaid j and all and every Marshal, Constable, or other Officer, for every Time he or they shall offend in this Particular, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of 100 Current Money of this Island to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, One Half to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and the other to the Informer, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall any Ways destroy, deface, tear, or pull down any such Note or Notes, or shall cause or procure them, or any of them, to be destroyed, defaced, torn, pr pulled down, before the said Ten Days and Sale at Outcry shall be over, on. due Proof thereof before any Justice of the Peace in this Island, every such Person shall forfeit and pay. to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the Sum of £. xo' Current Money for every Negro or Slave mentioned in such Note or Notes, One Half to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and the other to the Informer, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages; but if no Negroes or Slaves are mentioned in such Note or Notes, then the Party offending shall forfeit only the Sum of £. xo for every such Note or Notes, to be to the same Uses, and recovered in the same Manner as aforesaid.

XLIII, And for as much as the several Complaints concerning Negroes and other Slaves in this Act mentioned, are appointed to be enquired into by the Two next or neighbouring Justices of the Peace to the Party complaining, so that it may sometimes happen that the said Justices may differ in Opinion concerning any Complaint which shall come before them; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of any such Difference in Opinion, the said Justices may, and they are hereby impowered and required to take unto their Assistance the next adjoining Justice of the Peace, and them Three, or any Two of them, shall sentence, adjudge, and determine the Matter in Complaint, any Thing in this Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XL.TV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Caveats against fend-

Part III: j D ing

PART III.

tiarbadoes.—Slaves considered as Property*

Sales by public Outcry.

ing off1 Negroes or other Slaves, which, for the future, shall be entered in the Secretary's Office of this Island, shall continue, and be of full Force, for the Space of One Year from the Day of the Date thereof, and no longer, unless then renewed for One Year longer, and Co from Year to Year, as there shall be Occasion.

27 Feb. 1739. N°i8o.

AN ACT for amending an Act of this Iffand, intituled, An Act for the governing of Negroes, and for providing a proper Maintenance and Support for such Negroes, Indians, or Mulattoes, as hereafter shall be manumitted or set free, as also for preventing certain Inconveniences from them, arising to the Inhabitants of this Island.

Preamble. WHEREAS the Sentence of Death passed by the Justices and Freeholders, in pursuance

SeeM»s*, Cu. XII. of an Act of this Iffand, bearing Date the 8th Day of August 1688, intituled, *f An Act for “ the governing of Negroes,’’ against any Negro or other Slave tried before them, is immediately put in Execution, without any Stay or Respite, whereby the Owner or Possessor of such Negro, or other Slave, is prevented from bringing a Writ of Error to reverie the Judgment or Sentence which, in some Inffances, hath been thought erroneous, and many Times, by the Malice or Ill-will of the Prosecutor, as well as by the Obstinancy of the Owner or Possessor of the Slave complained against, the Pains of Death have, in pursuance of the Letter or Construction of the said Act, been inflicted on such Slave, when more proper and effectual Methods might have been used, if the Justices and Freeholders had been impowered so to do; and thereby the large Sums of Money that have been paid out of the Treasury for such executed Slave might and ought to have been saved, as well as the Life of such Slave preserved; and whereas many Persons in this Island having manumitted and set free several Negroes and other Slaves without making proper Provisions for their Maintenance and Support, they, continuing their Baseness, have, instead of supporting themselves by honest Labour and Industry, through Idleness and other Vices been greatly injurious to the Inhabitants, in enticing and corrupting other Slaves to CIausi I steal, and rob their Owners, presuming that as they cannot be tried as Slaves, the Evl-tfthe justYce and dence and Testimony of a Slave cannot legally be received against them, and thereby have Freeholders, or the hitherto escaped with Impunity; to prevent and remedy the Mischiefs and Inconveniences THauTsUve* for before mentioned from happening hereafter,' Be it Enacted by his Excellency the Honour-Life, bail find the able Robert Byng, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and all other hei^?*noifthe'eri- His Majesty’s Caribbee Islands to Windward of Guadaloupe, &c.. the Honourable the Mem-minai an oldoffen- 'bers of His Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Iffand, and by the Autho-der, they may endea- rity of the fame, that for the future, if the Justices and Freeholders, or the major Part of the MatteIand1pre- them, on the Trial of any Negro or other, Slave or Slaves for Life, for any of the Crimes feribe ail equitable mentioned in the Act or Statute aforesaid, shall find that the Matters charged are not of a ^Li^of°fuch8 heinous Nature, nor the Criminal or Criminals to be an old Offender or Offenders, and slave, and repairing shall think him, her, or them an Object deserving less Severity, the said Justices and Free-fecuuv*,0*hePr°* holders, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby directed and impowered to use their best Endeavours to compromise the Offence between the Prosecutor and Owner or The justice toiffue Possessor of such Negro or Slave or Slaves, and prescribe such proper and effectual Methods Execution for the between both Parties, as to the said Justices and Freeholders, or the major Part of them, ProfmitorPatainftbe appear to be meet, requiffte, and equitable, for laving the Life of such Slave or Slaves, the*owner’or8 Poffcf- and for satisfying and repairing the Lois or Injury done to the Prosecutor, who shall, and tobe^ raided on a *s herehy entitled to demand from the said Justices an Execution, which they arc hereby di-in Cafe*ofServMvt’* rested and impowered to issue, to be proceeded on as in Cafe of Servants Wages, again!!: Wage*. the Owner or Possessor of any Slave or Slaves, for the Sum agreed to be paid in Satisfaction

Freebolden camlot ^or such Offence, and not complied with, to such Prosecutor; yet if the Means so prescribed accord Matter*, the shall not be agreed to by both, or either of the Parties concerned, but they, either, or any justice* ft all commit Gf (hem, shall infill to have the said Slave or Slaves condemned and executed, according to certify the'Evid°enoe" the strict Words and Appointment of the said Act, then and in such Case the said Justices and ail their Proceed, shall commit such Slave or Slaves to the common Gaol of this Island, and shall certify the ii^onsrf'such'sia^r whole Evidence, and all their Proceedings, with their Opinion concerning the said Slave or to the Commander in Slaves, to the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, and Coun-who are to^etemline w^° shall and are hereby impowered and humbly desired to hear and determine the fame, the fame, and give and do therein what they think just and equitable, in either confirming, disapproving, or such Direction*there- altering the Appointments made by the said Justices and Freeholders to prevent the Execu-in a* ey t m jjQn tfjC slave or Slaves, or to direct the said Justices and Freeholders strictly to put and the offender to the said Law in Force against the Offender or Offenders, who shall, at the Owner’s or Pof-the owner*Expence ^"e®>r’s Charge and Expence, continue in the common Gaol of this Island till such Determi-tiii such D<t«rmina. nation shall be had and made.

‘ion* D 2 , II. And

PART in.

Barbados.—Slaves j for their Regulation, &d.

with , &c. to Slaves.

tl. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, on the Trial of any Ne- i^erjudgmeM of gro, or other Slave or Slaves, before the said Justices and Freeholders, and after Judgment thTownlr of such*"’ of Death shall be given thereon, the Owner or Possessor or such Negro, or other Slave or slave (bill appeal the Slaves, or any Person in his, her, or their Behalf, shall desire to appeal from such Judgment* sUv^ftaUbeftayed the Execution of such Slave or Slaves shall, and is hereby directed to be stayed for the to Days, that such Space of Ten Days, thkt such Owner or Possessor may have Time to apply to the Governor fwrt of Erroryand or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, for a Writ of Error, for trans- the Matter iha» mining the Papers and Proceedings on such Trial to the Court of Errors* there to be heard ^*a^eaQ^,^mine<* and determined j and in the mean Time the Criminal or Criminals shall, by the said Justices, * ourt 0 r* be committed to the common Gaol of this Island, there to continue, at the Owner’s or Pof- The Criminal to be feffor’s Charge and Expences, dofely confined till the said Ten Days shall be expired* or till tChe^m,‘“continue at such Writ ot Error shall be heard and determined; and the said Court of Errors shall and the Owner's sex-is hereby fully authorized and impowered to give such Judgment as may be proper, ac- ^"“for^oitTa br cording as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall appear, without being strictly confined only to until the writ offer-affirm or reverse the Judgment or Sentence of the said Justices and Freeholders; and such be d*ter'

Judgment so to be given by the said Court of Errors shall, and is hereby declared to be j^dgm^nt of the binding and conclusive, and to be strictly ebferved by all Parties concerned. Court of Errors to be

conclusive.

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor or Com- The Court of Error mander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, and Council, shall be, and they are hereby may award Co« impowered and humbly desired, if they think fit, to award Colts against any Person who 1*1. shall appear to be obstinate or vexatious in not complying with what the Justice and Free- and vexatioui. holders direct or appoint, or from bringing a Writ of Error from their Judgment, without having good Cause for so doing.

Slaves; for their Regulation, &c,

8 Aug* 1688; N°329.

IV. AND for the more effectual detecting, and puiiishing such Persons that trade with any Slaves for stolen Goods; Be it further Enacted, That where any Person shall be suspected to trade as aforesaid, any Two Justices of the Peace, or the Justices of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, shall have Power to take from him sufficient Recognizance not to trade with any Slaves contrary to the Laws of this Island; and if it shall afterwards appear to the Justices of the Quarter Sessions, that such Person hath or hath had or shipped off any Goods suspected to be unlawfully come by, such Person being called before the Justices at the next Quarter Sessions following, shall there be obliged to make reasonable Proof of whom he bought, or how he came by the said Goods, and unless he do it, his Recognizance shall be forfeited.

27 Od. 1692. N° 380.

AN ACT for prohibiting the felling of Rum, of other fttong Liquors, ta any Negro or other Slave.

WHEREAS many Enormities have been committed, and Mischiefs hatched and contrive ed by Negroes, and other Slaves, when Opportunities have been given of meeting* and ex- f0 ceflive drinking thereat for Remedy thereof for the future. Be it Enacted by his Excellency ’

Colonel James Kendal, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charib-. bee I (lands, the Honourable the Council and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, that whatsoever Person or Persons, after Publication hereof, shall fell any Rum, or any other strong Liquors, to any Negro or Slave, or any other Person for the Uu: of any Negro or Slaves and being convicted thereof, by the Oath of ahy Christian, before the next Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit 20 s. Sterling for every such Offence, the One Half to the Informer, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where the Offender liveth, to be^ recovered by Warrant from the next Justice of the Peace, as in case of Servant’s Wages.

II. And if any White PerforTWhatsoever shall buy any Rum, or other strong.Liquors, for any-Negro or Slave, shall forfeit 20 s. for every such Offence, to be recovered in Manner as afore-$ said,

Trading with Slaves.

*art III.

Slaves trading.

Slaves trading.

Barbadoes'.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &cs

said, the One Half to the Informer', the other Half to the Poor as aforesaid, or receive to LaQies upon his or her bare Back, by Order of the next Justice, the Whipper to receive 15 d. to be paid by the Churchwarden, by Order of the said Justice for the Time being.

6 Jan. 1708. N*552.

AN ACT to prohibit the Inhabitants of this Island from employing their Negroes or other Slaves in felling or bartering.

WHEREAS sundry Persons do daily fend their Negroes and other Slaves to the several Towns in this Island, and other Places, to sell and dispose of all Sorts of Quick Stock, Corn, Fruit, Pulse, and other Things, under Colour of which they traffic among themselves, and buy, receive, and dispose of all Sorts of stolen Goods, to the great Damage of the Inhabitants of this Place; for Remedy whereof, and to the Intent poor People and Servants may not Want Employment and Encouragement, Be it Enacted by his Excellency Mitford Crowe, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee islands, lying and being to Windward of Guardeloupe, the Honourable the Members of her Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall fend or employ any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, in felling, bartering, or disposing of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stock, Poultry, Corn, Fruit, Roots, or other Effects or Thing whatsoever, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and if any White Person whatsoever shall be found buying of or bartering with any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, any of the above enumerated Goods or Commodities, or any other Thing or Things whatsoever, he or she shall for each Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of 5 1. Current Money of this Island to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Informer, to be recovered by Complaint upon Oath to the next Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered and required to administer the same; and if such White Person shall not be able to pay his or her Fine, in such Case he, she, or they shall receive 21 Lashes on the bare Back, by Order of the said justice, before whom such Complaint shall come.

II. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, who shall be found felling or bartering any the before-mentioned Goods or Commodities,- shall have and receive, by Order of any Justice of the Peace, One and Twenty Stripes, on his or her bare Back, upon Proof thereof made by any White Person.

* 4 ' 1

III. Provided that this Act do not extend to prevent any Negroes or other Slaves from felling any Stock or other Thing to his, her, or their Master, Mistress, Chief Overseer, or Manager, of to prevent any Negroes or other Slaves from felling Milk, Horse Meat, or Fire Wood, to any Person or Persons whatsoever.

IV. Provided also, That all such Negroes and other Slaves who are employed in felling Milk, Horle Meat, or Fire Wood, shall have at all such Times that he, she, or they are felling the fame, a metaled Collar locked about his or her Neck or Necks, Leg or Legs, with the Name of his or her Master or Mistress engraved thereon, and the Name of the Parish wherein they live, and also the Name of the- Person who made such Collar.

V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person or Persons shall undertake to go with any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or-shall by any Means suffer him or herself to be procured to go with any Negro or other Slave, to dispose of any Goods whatsoever, without the Consent of the Owner of such Negro or Slave, such White Person or Persons, upon Proof thereof before the next Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence 20 s. Current Money to her Majesty, her Heirs, and Successors, to and for the Use of the Informer, to be recovered as in case of Servant’s Wages, and for Want of Payment thereof, he or she shall, by Order of the Justice before whom such Complaint is made, receive One and Twenty Lashes, on his or her bare Back; and for every Conviction afterwards of the like Offences, he or she shall forfeit and pay the Sum of 5 1.-Current Money to her Majesty, for the Use aforesaid, or be punished by receiving One and Twenty Lashes on the bare Back.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall presume to make any such Collars for Negroes Necks or Legs as aforesaid, whereby any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, may have the Custody or keeping

6 . of

Bar bathes.Stages' j for th^it Regtriitiftriy Stc. pa'rt \ii.

Hiring of Slaves'.—-trading mt%

of them coht-rafy to his, he/,* or their Matter o'r Mistress’s Knowledge or CoriferiV, upon due Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or the Parties' ow’d' Corifefiioh, before any One of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in this Mand, the said Justice shall issue' his Warrant oc Warrants a'gainst ^ach and every such’ Offender, for io K Current Money, to be* levied as in case of Servant’s’Wages, to her Majesty1, for the Use of thfe Informer or Informers, and the Party guilty shall stand committed until the fame be paid.

, VII. And be it further Enacted by t'hi Authority. aforesaid,.T*h4t if aijy Person or Per- Hiring of fpns inhabiting this Island, being Owner 0/ Poflfessor of ahy Negro of Negroes,' or other Slavesc “Slave or Slaves, shall permit such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, to go at large, and hire out him, her, or themselves to any Person oh Person^, or follow any Trade, Occupation, or Calling, and receive the Profits thereof, to' him, hi^r, or themselves, or rendering to his or her said Matter or Mlftrefs, or to ihy other Person or Persons whatsoever for their Use, a daily, weekly, or monthly Simi of Money, or any other Income, or any Mariner of Gratuity whatsoever, every such Person so suffering such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, to go at large, or hire him, her, or themselves as aforesaid, for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of 10I. Current Money for each Negro or other Slave, upon Conviction thereof, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or the Parties own Confession, before the Twonex't Justices of the Peace, to' the Party complaining, to bie recovered by Warrant from the said Justices, as in case of Servant’s Wages, to her Majesty, her Heirs, and Successors, the One Half to the Use of the Fortifications of . this'

Island, and the other to the Informer,'and shall by the said Justices be obliged to give Security in the Sum of too l. Current Money, that the said Negro, or any other of his Negroes or Slaves, shall not for the future commit, by his Consent, the aforesaid Crime, and he, she, or they shall stand committed until they perform the fame.

VIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person or Persons shall employ any Negro" or Negroes, Slave of Slaves, without agreeing for them with the Owner, or such Person as shall be in lawful Possession of them, upon due Proof thereof made, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of iol. Crirrerit Money, to the same Uses, and to be recovered after the same Manner as is before expressed and mentioned, in case of any PersonS letting their Negroes'go'at large and hire out themselves.

IX. And whereas tlje Inhabitants of this Island do often put Hooks and Rings or Collars, round their Negroes Necks and Legs that absent themselves, and run away from their Maf-ter’s or Mistress’s Service, the better to distinguish them, so that hereby they may be apprehended arid brought Home: And whereas of late forrie Persons have, and do often take off such Hooks arid Rings, by which Means they are not known, and thereby keep Orit much longer from theif Matter’s and Mistress’s Service, to their great Detriment and Damage; fat*

Prevention of which. Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person 6i Persons shall take off any Pot-hook, Ring, or Collar, from any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves Neck or Necks, Leg or Legs, without LeaVe Of their Master, Mistress, or Overseer, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum'of iol. Current Money to her Majesty, her Heirs, and Successors, to be paid to the Owner of such 'Negro, or other Slave, from Whole Neck or Legs any Pot-hook, Ring or Collar shall be taken as aforesaid, due Proof thereof being made before any of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, or the Parties’ own Confession, to be recovered as in case of Servant’s Wages; arid in case ain'y Negro o'r Negro'Cs shall be found guilty thereof such Negro or Negroes shall receive 46 Lafties, on

his or her bars Back, by Order of any One of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace.

X. And whereas many Huckfters and other Persons in this Iflarid have, notwithstanding •Trading with the Forfeitures of several Laws heretofore made against the trading with Negroes, ftifi Slaves. cunningly held, and privately carried on a private Correspondence with them, and thereby

very much encouraged Thefts and Robberies, to the great Damage of many Of the Inhabitants of this Island; and whereas it is impossible altogether to discourage arid find out such evil Practices, without there be some fit Persons appointed to discover, make known, and prosecute all such Persons as aforesaid; Be it therefore Enabled by the Authority aforesaid,

That within 20 Days after the Publication of this Act, the Clerk of the Markets of this Iflarid shall, anti is hereby required, to hire Annually Two able Men, who shall be allowed

arid paid1 out o fthe public Treasury of this Island, the Sum of 15 1. current Money of this Island each per Annum; and such Persons, so to be appointed, shall have full Power and Authority to apprehend any Negro or Negroes that come into the said Town to fell or dispose of any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, without being licensed as aforesaid, either by having some White Person with them, or a metalled Collar on his Neck or Leg, and fliatl also diligently inspect the Dwelling Jioufes, Huckftering Shops, Markets, and all other suspected Places within or near the said Town; and iri case they, or either of them, shall find or know of any White Person or Persons that shall trade, barter, or any ways deal with

Part III. $ E any

b

PART III.

Barbadoes.—Slaves $ for their Regulation, &c*

trading with Slaves, &?c.

any Negro or Negroes, they shall proceed against such Person or Persons as before in this A ft is appointed, and in the like Manner against all Negro and Negroes; and for the more strict Performance of the Duty required of the Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, they shall, before they enter upon their Office, appear before any One of her Majesty’s Justice of the Peace within the Town aforesaid, and take the following Oath, viz.

« I, A. B. do sincerely proruife and swear, that I will diligently and carefully perform . “ the Duty required of me by an Act of this Iflarid, intituled. An Act to prohibit *' the Inhabitants of this Wand from employing their Negroes, and other Slaves, in * felling or bartering; and I will use my utmost Endeavours to discover and make *{ known all such Person and Persons that shall any ways deal or trade with Negroes, “ or other Slaves, and as often as I shall discover or know of any such, I will inform *{ One of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace thereof, and will prosecute all such Per-“ son or Persons to the utmost of my Power,

“ So help me, GOD.”

XI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice of the Peace within this Island (the Members of her Majesty’s Council excepted) shall refuse doing and performing all or any of the Matters and Things enjoined him by this Law, for the Space of Six Days after any Complaint shall be made to him, such Justice shall forfeic to her Majesty, to and for the Use of the Party grieved, the Sum of 10I. current Money, to be recovered before the next Justice of the Peace, to the Party complaining, as in case of Servants Wages, and be made incapable of serving in such Poll or Office for the future.

22d. May, 1733. No. 164,

An ACT for the better governing of Negroes, and the more effectual preventing the Inhabitants of this Wand from employing their Negroes or other Slaves in felling or bartering.

Trading with Slaves, idc.

Preamble.

Clause I.

Justices of the Peace required to put the Laws for governing of Negroes in Force, particularly the Acts N# and N° 116.

WHEREAS several good and wholesome Laws have been made and provided for the Government of Negroes in this Istand, and to prevent the Inhabitants from employing their own or other Negroes or Slaves in felling or bartering, which Laws, if duly put in Execution, would redound to the great Advantage and Benefit of the People of this Island, and prevent many Felonies and other Crimes and Abuses daily committed by Negroes and other Slaves, to the great impoverishment, Loss and Damage of the Inhabitants; for the better Execution therefore of the said Laws, and to prevent such Enormities and Abuses for the future, be it Enacted by his Excellency the Right Honorable Scroop Viscount Howe, Baron of Cleonelly, his Majesty’s Captain-General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee-islands to Windward of Guadaloupe, &c. the Honorable the Members of His Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Wand, and by the Authority of’ the fame. That from and after Publication of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all or any of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace within this Wand; and they arc hereby required respectively to put the said Laws forthwith in Execution, against. all and every Person offending against the fame, particularly the Act or Statute bearing Date the 8th Day of August, 1768, entituled, “ An Act for the governing of Negroes,” and one other' Act bearing Date the 6th Day of January, 1703, entitled, “ An Act to prohibit the Inha-“ bitants of this Island from employing their Negroes or other Slaves in felling or, x< bartering.”

Ministers in each Parish shall, on 50 1. Penalty, publith the said Laws with this ASk in the several Parish Churches, on the Second or Third Sunday m January Yearly:

And the several Churchwanlens shall furnifti them wkk-* Annual Copies for that Purpose, under the like Penalty.

II. And to the End that greater and better Notice may for the Time to come be had and taken of the said Acts or Statutes, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rectors or officiating Ministers of the respective Parishes within this Wand for the* Time being, shall, and they are hereby required, under the Penalty of 50I. to His Majesty, to be recovered against him or them neglecting his or their Duty, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record in this Wand, to be commenced and prosecuted by any Person that will sue for the same, to cause the said Acts or Statutes, together with this Act, a Copy whereof for that Purpose the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes within this Wand for the Time being Hull and they are hereby required, under the like Penalty of 50I.' to be recovered in the like Manner, and to the said Uses as the said Penalty on Rectors and officiating Ministers, to provide and fend Annually to the said Rectors or officiating Ministers,. to be openly read in Church, immediately after divine Service on the second Sunday in January, Yearly, or in case there should be no Service on the second Sunday aforesaid, then 5 F. 2 / on'

Barbadoes.—Slaves; for their Regulation &c.

part in.

Trading with Slaves, &c.

on the First Sunday after on which there shall be divine Service, One Half of the said Pe- Application of the nalties to be for the Informer, and the other Half for the TJfe of the Poorof each Parish Forfeiture3> where such Neglect shall happen;

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Publication c’onftabie* Clerks of of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Constable within this Island, and to and the Markets, or any for the Clerk or Clerks of the Market for the Time being, his or their Deputy or Deputies, otb'f who shall have taken the Oath appointed to be taken in and by the said last mentioned Act, who^Cust^Sugar and to and for every other Person whatsoever, to seize and apprehend all such Negroes and Canes, Sugar, Rum,’ other Slaves in whose Custody he or they shall find any Sugar Canes whole or in Pieces, fre* found^'to0'take Muscovado or other Sugar, Syrup, Rum, or Molasses, Cotton, Ginger, Corn, or Grain of such away’and carry any Kind, Plate wrought or melted down. Iron, Lead, Copper, Pewter, Brass, Tin, or other befor^'a

Goods'of what Nature or Quality soever; and likewise to seize and take from such Negro justTc’c, C’ * °re a or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, all such Goods as shall be so found in his or their Custody, and the said Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, together with such Goods to carry before the who shall condemn next or neighbouring Justice of the Peace, before whom, if sufficient Proof shall not be made ,be Goods to theur«* to his Satisfaction, that the fame Goods were delivered or sent by the Master or Mistress of °n Goa^it^doth such. Negro or other Slave, or by such as shall act under him or her, to be sold or not appear that they otherwise disposed of for his or her Use, iand with a Ticket for that Purpose, and uhder the Ne^rob Thelviafter* fame Restrictions, Directions, and Appointments as by the said former L aws or either of to be sold for hisUie, them is required and enacted, the said Goods and every of them shall be adjudged forfeited, a",^jhba Jickctas and thereupon the'fame, or so much thereof as the said Justice in his Discretion shall think No*,6. y 8* or fit, shall by such Justice be forthwith sent to the Common Gaol of this Island, there to be distributed or disposed of among the Prisoners in Gaol, as the Provost, Marshal, or his De-. puty, having a just regard to the Poverty and Circumstance of each Prisoner, shall in his Discretion think fit and reasonable; and in case any of the aforementioned Goods which Goodsfufpeaedtobe shall be suspected to have been stolen, shall be found in the Custody or Keeping of any White and found ,n Person, or that the same shall be found felling or exposed to Sale at any Door, Window, or white^Pa^bri Other Place, in any of the Towns of this Island, or in or near the Roads leading thereto, the aliobclei2edandcar-fame shall and may be also seized upon or taken by any of the Persons aforesaid, who shall ned before aJustice» think proper to seize the fame, and in like Manner carried to the next or neighbouring Jiif-tice of the Peace, before whom, if it shall not appear to his Satisfaction that the fame and it doth not appear every Part and, Parcel thereof was legally and honestly come by or bought from the true, fje by7theynfl)<1u rightful, and, lawful Owner, or from some Negro or other Slave Sufficiently authorized to >n like Manner be dispose thereof, as by the said former Laws is directed, all and every such Goods shall like- Forfe,ttd and aPPraif-wile be adjudged forfeited, and the Party or Parties claiming the fame, or in whose Custody, xhe Person in whose Possession, or Keeping the fame were found, and every Negro or Slave which shall appear Custody they are to be anywise concerned in the fame, either by bringing the said Goods, or any of them to s^ave’concenied^ Town, or taking upon them to sell or expose, or offering the fame to Sale, shall be proceeded be proceeded" against against as in and by the said former Laws, or either of them, or any other Law, Act, or Sta- as bY former l*\ts tute of this Island, is directed or appointed; and the Goods so taken and adjudged forfeit- are directed* ed, or so much thereof as the said Justice shall think proper, shall in like Manner, be forthwith sent to the Common Gaol, there to be disposed of as hereinbefore is directed and appointed.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that if the true lawful Owner of any Goods so to be seized shall appear to such Justice before whom the same shall be carried for his Judgment and Adjudication thereon, and whose Determination concerning the same shall be definitive and conclusive to all Parties, then and in such Case Recti-tution thereof shall forthwith be made to the rightful Owner or Proprietor of such Goodsj he or she paying any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, as shall by such Justice be adjudged reasonable to the Person or Persons who seized the fame; but.in case the Owner or Proprietor of any Plate or other valuable Goods so to be seized or taken may not presently be known, the Justice before whom such Plate or other valuable Goods shall be carried, (the Members of His Majesty’s Council excepted, unless they think proper to act) is hereby required, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered before any other of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, One Half thereof to the Informer^ and the ,other Half to the Party grieved, to give public Notice in Writing of such Seizure of such stolen Plate, or other valuable Goods, with the Marks and best Description thereof that can or may be given; and such Notice in Writing shall, by Nine o’Clock in the Morning of One of the Two next Sundays after such Plate or other valuable Goods shall be.brought or carried to such Justice, be affixed to every Church Door in the respective Parishes of this Island, there to remain till after the Sunday following, arid, in the mean Time, ▼iz. oo the Wednesday or Thursday between the Sundays aforesaid, the fame Plate or other Goods to be described in such Notice, shall be publicly cried between the-Hours of Nine and Tyirelve in the Forenoon, in the Towns of Saint Michael and Speights, or Little Bristol, and Jf U) Ten Days after such Notice shall be so affixed, the rightful and lawful Owner of . $ , such

If the Owner of fueiji Goods so seized appear before the Justice, they shall be rtftored on his paying the Person Icizing them any Sura not above 5 s.

If the Owner of Plate or other valuable Goods seized, it not known, the Justice, under the Penalty of 201. shall give Notice, with the Description thereof in Writing, to be affixed to, and remain on every Church Door in the Island, Two Sundays.

To be also cried on the Wednesday or Thursday between the said Two Sundays, in the JTowns of St. Michael and

PAif t nr.

Barbadoes,— Slaves; for their Regulation,' &c.

, such Plate or Goods shall not appear before such Justice, and make out His dr Her Claim,' *£* Right, or Property thereto, then and not before it shall and

trading vbitB Slaves,—Planting. -

Streight*. it the

h» or Property thereto, then and not before it shall and may be lawful for such Justice

the Goods shall be to fell or dispose of such Plate and Goods at public Outcry, in the Market Town in the Pre-ull?;. elt.^tur!! c‘n<^> according to the Method used by the Marshal of the Court of Common Pleas, One ibafoder to be appli- Half thereof, after deducting Twenty Shillings for the Care and Trouble of such Justice in ed. Half to the f4rty atdvcrtifing, and crying, and filling of the said valuable Goods, according to the Directions' o^tK^Panih, of this Law, for the Ufi of the Informer, and the other Half to be distributed as aforesaid, or rtf among the Prison- among the PodV of the Parish where such Sale shall be made, or amongst the Prisoners in the Atd'fw* ai the juf- conArn°n Gaol' a‘hd the said Poor, in such Proportions a!s the said Justice in his Discretibir tic* than order. 1 shall think proper j but in Cafe the true rightful and lawful Owner shall, in the mean Time, ijF the Qwnec Chail. aippealr before such Justice by himself, or other Person lawfully authorized thereto; and shall jCftiumen*'* ma^e due Proof1 of his Right or Property to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, then and iha» be madeoiThis in such Case Restitution of all such Plate, and other valuable Goods, shall be forthwith made paying j$. to the to such Ownfcr or Proprietor claiming the fame, he or she paying Five Shillings to the Informer or Captor of such Plate or Goods, together with Twenty Shillings to such Justice for his Care and Trouble in the Execution of his Office, and giving such Notice as hereinbefore directed, and causing the fame to be publicly cried as aforesaid, any Thing hereinbefore, or any Law, Custom, ortJfage feemingto the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Qjptor, and 10 s the Justice,

to

Planting.

No Negro allowed to plant Cotton or Ginger for hit own Ule, and if found exposing anyth Sale, the Goods to be deemed stolen, and the Slave puniOi-^ ed at directed by Cl.

hi.

Any Person buying such Goods of a Slave, shall be fut>-jest to the fame Penalties as those that buy stolen Goods or deal with Negroes, are by any former Law.

If the Person seizin^ such Goods t do not in % Days carry them before the neat Justice,' he shall pay any Sum not above iol. to the Party grieved;

and for Want of Effects, to be committed to Gaol till paid.

Proviso.

If jpiy Negro having Charge of a Carriage, &c. shall be seized, and such Carriage, f &c. is detained, they shall be discharged on giving Security that such Negro shall be forth-coming.

IV. And whereas it is very inconvenient to the Inhabitants of this Island, especiatty to the

Cotton and Ginger Planters, that Negroes or other Slaves should be at Liberty to plant any Quantities of Cotton or Ginger, for that, under Pretence thereof, great Frauds and Felonies' are frequently committed, and clandestine Trade, by Means thereof, is daily carried on between ill-disposed White Persons and Negroes or Slaves; for Prevention whereof for die future, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Negro or other Slave to plant to his own or other Ufi than that of his Master any Cotton or Ginger whatsoever; and that if any Negro or other Slave shall be found with any such, or expoling the fame to fate, such Cotton and Qinger shall be deemed as stolen Goods, and the fame Proceedings, Penalties add Forfeitures shall be had, made, and prosecuted thereon against such Negro or other Slave, as in the CafeS hereinbefore mentioned $ and any Huckfter or other Person who shall be convicted of dealing with or buying any such Cotton or Ginger from such Negro or other Slave, shall be subject to the fame Penalties and Proceedings as by the said Two lastmentioned Acts or Statutes, of any other Act or Statute of this Island touching stolen Goods, or trading With Negroes or other Slaves are already inflicted, directed, or appointed, any former Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That in cafi any of the Persons aforesaid, who shall fiize or take ahy of the Goods aforesaid, shall fail or neglect to carry the fame ih TWo Days after, before the nekt Justice as aforesaid, in order to have and receive his Judgment or Determination thereupon, every such Person lo offending, and convicted thereof before such Justice, shall forfeit and pay to the Party grieved any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at thd Discretion of such Justice, the fame to be levied by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Constable, by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods or Chattels; of the Party offending as aforesaid, as in case of Servants Wages, and in case Goods of the Party fO offending shall not be found sufficient to satisfy the Sum adjudged against him, then and in such Case the Person' so offending shall be apprehended and conveyed to the common Gaol, there to remain until Satisfaction shall be made to the Party grieved, as in case of Executions from any Courts of Common Law in this Island.

Provided also. That if any Negroes or other Slaves who shall have Charge of any Waggon, Cart, Cattle, Horses, or Asses belonging to their Master or Mistress, shall be fiized and apprehended in pursuance of this LiW, whereby such Carriage, Cattle, Horses, or A fibs, may be detained to the great Prejudice of their Owners, and more particularly to fqch as live at great Distances from several Town's in this Island, they shall be forthwith discharged upon reamnable Security being given to such Justice of the Peace before whom such Negroes' or Slaves shall be brought, that such Negroes or Slaves shall be forth coming in such Time as such Justice in his Discretion shall think lit and reasonable, or as the case fh*U require.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in cast any stolen Goodi shall be found in the Custody of any Person whatsoever, and that the Person from' whom the

Receivers of stolen Goods not profc-

topr/Kcededt-*’ fame were stolen, or any other Person, cannot take upon him to swear Or depose against fbcli «ina .* Accedarie* person in Whose Custody such Goods were found, as the actual Thief or Stealer thereof, every mitted^CWn* Person shall be proceeded against. as Receivers of stolen Goods knowing the fame Vo be

stolen are proceeded against in that Part of Great Britain called England, and hd Or they

4 r. {hail

Die ' :ed by ne

PART lit.

Barbadoes*— Slaves; for their Regulation, &c..

Trading of

shall be taken and deemed an Accessary or Accessaries to such Felony after the Fast, and shall incur the fame Punishment as an Accessary or Accessaries to Felony after the Fast committed..

VII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court where such Offence shall And the Court shall be tried, to order and direct such Accessary or Accessaries to be prosecuted as for a Mifde- ^oLuted'fora meanor, before the Principal shall be convicted, as to such Court, from the Nature and Cir- Misdemeanor before cumstances of the Cafe, shall seem proper; and if thereof convicted, shall be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, which shall exempt such Offender from being punished as Accessary exempt hTm fiom the to the Felony, though the Principal Ihiould be afterwards convicted; any Law, Custom, or farther Pumthmem. Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

9 Aug. 1749. N° 180.

VIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Goods or when Goode are ta-Things, taken away from any Slave, shall be brought before any Justice of the Peace, in order k*n awaJr f«n any to be Condemned, by virtue of any Act or Acts of this Island, before Condemnation shall be befo^ a"jt3iw for made thereof, the Owner, or reputed Owner, of such Goods and Things, if he or she be Condemnation, he known, and can be found, shall be summoned before such Justice; who is hereby required to o^merorreputed hear what such Owner may have to say or can alledge against such Condemnation* and, upon Owner before him, to due Consideration of the whole Matter, to restore such Goods and Things to the said Owner* JJ“^Cjuefeconsidera’ or condemn them, as the Case may require: But if such Owner be not known, or cannot be "ion" the Justice may found, or, being summoned, shall not appear before the said Justice within some reasonable condemn or restore and convenient Time by him to be appointed, the said Justices, in those cases, shall and ifethe°ovener cennot may, nevertheless, proceed against such Goods and Things in such Manner as in and by be found, or will not such Act or Acts is required and directed. JKiSfiSbJ

' former Acts. See ant

Act passed March^ 15th, 1747, which Mt fioce expired.

An ACT to amend and enforce several Acts of this Island, particularly the Act, Number Eighty-two, passed the Eighth Day of August One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-eight, intitled. An Act for the governing of Negroes; the Act, Number One hundred and Sixteen, passed the Sixth Day of January One. thousand seven hundred and Eight* intitled. An Act to prohibit the Inhabitants of this Island from employing their Negroes or other Slaves in felling or bartering; and the Act,

Number One hundred and Sixty-four, passed the Twenty-second Day of May One thousand seven hundred and Thirty-three, intitled. An Act for the better governing of Negroes, and the more effectual preventing, the Inhabitants of this Island from employing their Negroes or other Slaves in felling or bartering,

WHEREAS the Provisions made in and by the several Acts Of this Island, bearing Trading if Date the Eighth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and Eighty-eight, in- slaves. titled. An Act for the governing of Negroes; the Act, bearing Date the Sixth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and Eight, intitled, Ah. Act to prohibit the Inha>< bitants of this Island from employing their Negroes, or other Slaves, in felling or bartering; and the Act, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of May One thousand seven hundred and Thirty-three, intitled, An Act for the better governing of Negroes, and the more effectual preventing the Inhabitants of this Island from employing their Negroes or other Slaves in felling or bartering; have been all found inefficient to prevent the pernicious Trade carried on between ill-disposed White or other Free Persons and Negroes, and other Slaves, for Cotton and Ginger: Therefore, for the more effectual femedying and preventing

thereof, and for punishing Offenders in future;,

* 1

I. Be it Enacted by his Excellency David Parry, Esquire, His Majesty’s Captain General*

Governor and Commander in Chief of this Island, Chancellor, Ordinary, and Vice Admiral of the fame, the Honourable the Members of His. Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Publication of this Act, no Huckfter, Trader, or any other Person whatsoever, shall deal with any Slave or Slaves for any Cotton or Ginger; and if any Huckfter, Trader, or other Person, shall at any Time be suspected of having bought of or dealt with any. Slave or Slaves, for any Cotton or Ginger, and Oath made of such Suspicion before a Justice of

Part III. 5 F the

31ft August 1784;

*A*T HI.

Barbadoes.—^Slaves; for their Regulation, &oc.'

Trading of Slaves.

the Peace, any Constable or Constables, being thereunto authorized by Warrant of foefj Justice before whom such Oath shall be made, may and shall have Power and Authority, and is hereby required to enter into and search (in such Manner, and with such Power and Authority, as in cases where Goods are stolen, or suspected to be stolen) the House-or Houses, Outhouses, or other Places, belonging to any suspected Person or Persons, and in case Cotton or Ginger shall there be found, such Constable or Constables shall apprehend the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be, and carry him, her, or them, together with the Cotton or Ginger found in his, her, or their Possession, before the said Justice under whose Warrant he or they acted j and if such Person or Persons do not give a satisfactory Account to such Justice how he, she, or they came by such Cotton or Ginger, either by producing some White or Free Person, of whom he, she, or they bought the fame, and that such White or Free Person was legally entitled to sell the same, or some credible Witness to depose upon Oath that the said Cotton or Ginger was bought of some White or Free Person legally entitled to make Sale thereof, that then such Perforr or Persons not giving such Account, nor producing such Witness as aforesaid, shall be presumed to have bought such Cotton or Ginger from a Slave.

II. And if the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Cotton or Ginger is found, shall produce a White or Free Person of whom he, she, or they bought the fame, and the said White or Free Person, when produced, shall' not, before the said Justice, give such Evidence as aforesaid, to prove that he or she either raised the fame upon his or her Lands, or bought it from some other White or Free Person legally entitled to sell the same, he or she shall like-wife be presumed to have bought it from a Slave, and so from Person to Person, until the First Offender shall be discovered; and every Person or Persons buying or dealing with a Slave for Cotton or Ginger, or f» L-resumed to have done as aforesaid, shall be bound to the ijext Court of Grand Seffio.'i v ue neld for the Body of this Island, and there prosecuted &s a Receiver or Receivers ot ltokn Goods, knowing them to be stolen, in the Manner that Receivers of stolen Goods are prosecuted before the Principal is convicted, and on Conviction by the Verdict of a Jury (notwithstanding the lawful Owner of such Cotton or Ginger so found shall not be known, nor the Identity of the said Cotton or Ginger proved) prosecuted by Fine and Imprisonment, the Fine to be, at ler ft, the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money of this Island, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, One Moiety of which to be to His Majesty’s Attorney General of this Island for the Time being, as a small Compensation for his Trouble in proceeding and bringing such heinous Offender to Justice, and the other Moiety to the Person who prosecuted the said Offender.

1

III. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Conviction of the suspected Person or Persons as aforesaid, , the Cotton or Ginger so found in his, her, or their Possession as aforesaid, shall be condemned by the said Justice, and distributed, the One Half to the Constable who executed the Writ, and the other Half to the Churchwarden of that Parish in which the fame was found, to be by the said Churchwarden fairly disposed of at Market Price, and the Money arising therefrom to be accounted for by him with the Vestry of that Parish, and to be disposed of as the said Vestry shall order; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywifenotwithstanding.

IV. And in case any Churchwarden shall fail to account in Manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay double the Value of such Cotton or Ginger, to be recovered from him by the Vestry, or either of them, of such Parish, before any Justice of the Peace, as in Cafe of Servants Wages, and applied to the Use of the said Parish.

V. And, to prevent the evil Practice of Persons who employ their Slaves, as well as White People, Free Mulattoes, and Free Negroes, in going about and procuring Cotton and Ginger from Slaves; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White or Free Person’ shall employ any Slave or Slaves, or any White Person, Free Mulatto, or Free Negro, in. going about the Streets in any Town, or the broad Rpads or Places in any Parish in the Country, to procure any Cotton or Ginger from Slaves for their Owners, or Persons employing them for that Purpose, every White Person, Free Mulatto, or Free Negro; shall, for everj, such Offence, be committed by the said Justice to the Common Gaol of this Island, there to remain for the Space of Three Months; and the Person or Persons so employing such Slave or Slaves, White Person, Free Mulatto, or Free Negro, upon Conviction thereof, before any Justice of the Peace, by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay,’ for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, Current Money of this Island, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be raised by Warrant of the said Justice, as in Cafe of Servants Wages, and applied, the One Half to the Person who shall prosecute the said Offender, and the other Half to the Churchwarden of that Parish where the Offence was committed, for the Use of the said Parish; and any Constable, or other White Person what-

5 F a

soever.

Barbados.—Slaves; Tor their Regulation, &c.

PA-RT Ift.

trading of dlavtf*

soever, is hereby’fully authorized and impowered to take up any such Slave, White Person, free Mulatto, or Free Negro, and to carry him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace; who is hereby required to call before him the Owner of such Slave or Slaves, or Employer of such White or Free Person, and proceed against them in Manner aforesaid.

VI. And any Constable having a Writ from a Justice of the Peace, in pursuance of any the Orders of this Act, is hereby authorized and impowered to take to his Assistance such Person

as he shall find necessary to assist him in the Performance of his Duty; and if any shall refuse,

or neglect to assist the said Constable, he shall, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace,

forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings, to be levied, by Warrant of the said Justice, by Distress,

and if no Distress can be found, to be committed to the Common Gaol of this Istand, there

ito remain for the Space of One Week. And if any Person shall resist the Constable in the

due Execution hereof, he shall, on Conviction before any Justice, forfeit the Sum of Five

Pounds, by Warrant of the said Justice, by Distress, and if no Distress can, be found,

.to be committed to the Common Gaol of this Island, there to remain for the Space of Three Months.

VII. And whereas it has been found by Experience, that Slaves haveprocured Tickets (through the Means of evil-disposed Persons, in the Names of their Owners) for carrying Cotton tp •Market, in order to enable them to fell such Cotton, when, in Fact, such Tickets have been obtained without the Privity or Consent of such Owner: To remedy which for the future.

Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be found with jany Cotton or Ginger, carrying the fame to Market or elsewhere, and with a Ticket for that Purpose (unless such Ticket shall be signed by the Owner or chief Overseer of such, Slave Slaves, or the Owner of such Cotton or Ginger) any Constable may, and it shall be lawful for him, to carny such Slave or Slaves, together with such Cotton, Ginger, and Ticket, before any Justice of the Peace j and the said Justice is hereby required to cite the Owner of the said Slave, or his, her, or their legal Representative, to appear, and prove clearly, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, that such Cotton or Ginger was really and bona fide the Property of the Owner of such Slave $ and in Cafe the said Owner, or his, her, or their legal Representative, shall not appear before such Justice, or appearing, shall fail in such Proof, the said Cotton or Ginger shall be forfeited, and distributed in Manner aforesaid.

VIII. And any White Person finding Cotton or Ginger in the Possession of any Slave or Slaves, carrying the fame to Market, or elsewhere, and without a Ticket, shall and may seize such Cotton, Ginger, and Slave, and carry the fame before the next Justice of the Peace; who shall condemn the said Cotton or Ginger to the Uses aforesaid, unless the Owner of such Slaver or Slaves, or the Owner of such Cotton or Ginger, shall appear, and prove, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that such Cotton or Ginger is his or her Property# and that he or she came fairly and legally by the fame.

IX. -And any Justice of the Peace failing in any of the Duties enjoined him by this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money of this Island to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be recovered by the Churchwarden of that Parish where the Offence •was committed, in the Court of Common Pleas for that Precinct where such Justice resides, by Action of Debt, and to be applied to the Use of such Parish i Provided always. That every other Part of the said recited Acts, which are not hereby altered or amended, shall be and remain in full Force, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action.or Suit shall at any Time be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by

Reason of any Matter or Thing which he, she, or they shall do in pursuance of this Act, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the-General I flue, and give this Act, or any other special Matter, in Evidence; and if a Verdict is found for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become Nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, that in such Case such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, which he, she, or they have-been at in Defence of such-Action or Suit, for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as m other cases where Costs are given, for Defendants.

t

9 Aug.

PART III.

Barbadoes.—Slaves 5 for their Regulation, &c.

Slaves fighting and quarrelling.—Slaves assembling, &c.

9 Aug. 1749. N° 196.

An ACT for rendering more effectual, and for supplying many Defects in the several Laws of this Island for the governing of Negroes. '

WHEREAS divers Mischiefs do often happen, and frequent Disorders are occasioned in and about the Towns and other Parts of this Island, by the notorious fighting, quarrelling, and other evil and daring Pratt ices of Negroes, and other Slaves, openly carried on in the public Streets and Highways, to the Disturbance of the general Quiet of the Inhabitants; which has been in a great Meafore owing to the Indulgence and Countenance given by some Matters and Mistresses to their Slaves: And whereas, though there is no express Law for the Punishment of the said Offences, yet it has been usual, from the Necessity and supposed Reason of the Thing, for Magistrates to punish the fame by Whipping, as directed in the like cases; which however has of late occasioned some Doubts and Disputes to arise: To obviate therefore all such Doubts, and to prevent such Disputes for the future, to the End that there may be full Provision made in these particular cases, and an explicit Law for the Purpose, Be it Enacted and Declared by his Excellency Henry Grenville, Esq. Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and all other His Majesty’s Caribbee Islands to Windward of Guadaloupe, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication of this Att, any Justice of the Peace, upon due Complaint to him made, shall have Power and Authority, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause any Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, to be apprehended and brought before him for any threatening, fighting, or quarrelling one with another, or for any in-solent Language or Gesture to any White or Free Person, or for swearing, cursing, or uttering any obscene Speeches, or Drunkenness, or making, felling, throwing, or firing of Squibs, Serpents, or other Fireworks, or any other Misbehaviour, whereby the Public may be disturbed, or any particular Person immediately aggrieved; but it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, Without such Warrant, to apprehend and secure any Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, so offending in his Presence, and to convey him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, before the •next or any neighbouring Justice of the Peace; and if any Negro or other Slave shall commit any of the said Offences before mentioned and described, in the View or Hearing of aDy Justice of the Peace, or be duly convicted of any of the said Offences before any Justice, he may order him, her, or them to be whipped by a* Constable, or the Common Whipper, according to the Nature of the Offence and the State of Health, Age, and Character of the Offender, not exceeding 39 Lashes; but the Punishment of Women big with Child may be respited.

II. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Negro, or other Slave, who shall be apprehended and whipped by Order of any Justice of the Peace, by virtue of this or any other Att of this Island, the Owner or other Possessor of such Slave shall immediately pay to the Constable and-Whipper their reasonable Fees, not exceeding for any One Slave, to be determined by such Justice of the Peace, and proceeded for as in case of Servants Wages.

Slaves fighting and quarrelling.

Clawsi I.

Any Justice may, «pan due Complaint, issue bit Warrant for apprehending Negroes charged with lighting, quarrelling, swearing, Drunkenness, obscene Speeches, or other Misbehaviour, or making, felling, or firing Squibs, See.

See N<» so6, Cl. III.

Constables may without a Warrant apprehend Slaves offending as aforesaid, and carry them before a Justice.

And Slaves committing either of the said Offences in the View or hearing of a Justice, or convicted before him, to be , whipped, according to the Nature of the Offences, Sec. not exceeding 39 Lashes. The Punishment of Women big with Child to be respited.

Owners of Slaves whipped, are to pay the Constable and Whipper their resu sonable Fees, not exceeding 15^, for each Slave.

Proviso.

This Act pot to

lessen the Rewards __Tr______

given by former A£U governing

Provided, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to lessen or alter any the Rewards, for apprehending of runaway Negroes, particularly appointed by an Att, intitled, “ An Act for the governing of Negroes,” and also by another Att, intitled, “ An Act for amending an Att of this Island, intitled. An Act for the governing of Negroes,” *“

&c.

* Persons knowing, or having Notice from a Constable, that Slaves have committed any of the afore-mentioned Offences, and shall fereen them from Justice, or whoever shall ©bftruft the Execution of this Act, to forfeit 5/. for every Slave secreted, and Half to the Informer, and Half to the poor Prisoners, recoverable as Servants Wages.

Slaves assembling) &c.

Constables are to endeavour to prevent Slaves assembling at

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, knowing any 'Negro or other Slave to commit any Offence within the Description of this Att, or having Notice thereof from any Constable, shall harbour, conceal, or convey away any such Slave, whether the Slave be or be not his or their own, in order to hinder him or her from being punished according to the Directions of this Att, or shall in anywise hinder its being put in Force, or abuse or threaten any One for pursuing it, such Person or Persons who shall so offend, and be thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace, by the Oath of any One credible Witness, shall forfeit, for every Negro or other Slave so harboured, concealed, or conveyed away as aforesaid, Five Pounds, to be recovered by the Informer as in Cafe of Servants Wages, One Moiety thereof to be to the Use of such Informer, and the other Moiety to die poor Prisoners in the Common Gaol, to be distributed in such Manner as the said Justice shall direct and appoint.

IV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Constables in this Island shall at all Times use their best Endeavours to preserve Negroes or other Slaves from gaming or assembling together at Huckfters Shops, Tipling or Dram Houses, or other unlawful Meetings, and, if necessary, may take to their Aid and Assistance a sufficient Guard to disperse

such

Die ed by

PART III.,

Barbadoes.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c,

Slaves assemblingy &c.—Slaves attending Quakers Meetings.—Slaves wandering abroad.

such Slaves, and in Cafe of any Resistance, to secure them, that they may be carried before the Kuckfters shops, or next Justice of the Peace, to be examined and punished as the Law directs.

fary may take a Guard to disperse them j and in case of Refinance, to securt and carry them before a Justice to be punished.

V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall let or hire, to any other Person any Slave, or permit any such Slave or Slaves, at the Instance or on the Credit of any other Person, to have the Use or Ordering of any Land, House, Shed, or Room, except in Cafe of Sickness, such Person or Persons, offending as aforesaid, shall pay to the Churchwarden of the Parish where the Offender lives, at the Rate of £.5 a Month for every such Slave, for so long a Time as he or she shall have the Use, Ordering, or Possession of any such Land,

House, Shed, or Room as aforesaid, to be recovered by such Churchwarden from the Offender, before any Justice of the Peace, as in Cafe of Servants Wages, and applied to the Uses of the poor Prisoners in the Common Gaol of this Island.

21 Ap. 1676. N° 198.

An ACT to prevent People called Quakers from bringing Negroes to their Meeting.

WHEREAS, of late, many Negroes have been suffered to remain at the Meeting of Quakers, as Hearers of their Doctrine, and taught in their Principles, whereby the Safety of this Island may be much hazarded j Be it therefore Enacted by his Excellency Sir Jonathan Atkins, Knight, Captain-General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Council and Representatives of this Island j and it is hereby Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times after Publication hereof, any Negro or Negroes be found with the said People, called Quakers, at any of their Meetings, and as Hearers of their Preachings, such Negro or Negroes shall be forfeited, that is to say. One Half to the Party or Parties that shall seize or sue for such Negro or Negroes, if the Negro or Negroes belong to any of the said People called Quakers, and the other Moiety to the Public Use of the said Island.

II. Provided, That if the said Negro or Negroes be seized, that the Party or Parties so seizing shall bring an Action within Three Months, grounded upon this Statute, against the Owner or supposed Owner of the said Negro or Negroes, in any Court of Common Pleas within this Island, at the Choice of the Informer j and in all Suits upon this Statute, the Defendant or Defendants therein, having Ten Day# Summons, as is used at the Courts of Common Pleas, at the First Court after Summons shall appear, plead, and come to Trial, or the Court to give Judgment on such Action or Actions by Nihil dicit j and upon all Judgments, in every Action grounded on this Statute, Execution immediately to ifiiie.

I

III. And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Negro or Negroes being at the Meetings aforesaid, doth not belong to any of the Persons present at the fame Meeting, then may any Person or Persons bring an Action, grounded upon this Statute, against any of the Persons present at the said Meetings, at the Election of the Informer, for the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, for every Negro and Negroes so present as aforesaid, and shall recover Ten Pounds Sterling for every such Negro and Negroes, to be divided in the Manner before expressedi on which Action or Act ions there shall be such Proceedings as is before appointed.

Every Person who shall let to hire, for the U/eof a Slave, any Shed, Room, Land, See. except in case of Sickness, shall forfeit 51, per Month for every such Slave, for so long as he shall have the Use of such Room, See. to be recovered by the Churchwarden,before a Justice, to the Use of the poor Prisoners s •ee no. Cl. II, where such are to pay Half the Rent, as a Tax, above all other Assessments.

Slaves attending Quakers Meetings.

Preamble. Clause I.

Negroes hearing are forfeited$

Half to the Informer,

Half to the Country.

The Prosecutor to bring an Action in Three Months.

To be tried the First Court.

Immediate Execution. '

For every strange Negro iol. forfeit against any at she Meeting.

8 Aug. 1688. N° 329.

An ACT for the governing of Negroes.

WHEREAS the Plantations and Estates of this Island cannot be folly managed and brought Slaves -into Use without the Labour and Service of great Numbers of Negroes and other Slaves; and ing abroad. for as much as the said Negroes and other Slaves, brought unto the People of this Island for that Purpose, are of barbarous, wild, and savage Natures, and such as renders them wholly-unqualified to be governed by the Laws, Customs, and Practices of our Nations, it therefore becoming absolutely necessary that such other Constitutions, Laws, and Orders should be in this Island framed and enacted for the good regulating and ordering of them, as may both restrain the Dif-orders. Rapines, and Inhumanities to which they are naturally prone and inclined, with such Encouragements and Allowances as are fit and needful to their Support, that from both, this Island, through the Blessing of God thereon, may be preserved, His Majesty’s Subjects in their. Lives and Fortunes secured, and the Negro and other Slaves be well provided for and guarded'from the Cruelties and Insolencies of themselves, or othet ill-tempered Persons or Owners j to which Purpose, Be it Enacted and Ordained, by the Right Honourable Edwin Stede, His Majesty’s Part III. ✓ 5 G Lieutenant

part in. Barbadoes.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

'Slaves Wandering abroad.—Of Runaway Slaves.

Lieutenant’Governor anil Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands,-therFIo-ntrfable the 'Chuncil and Gerterdl Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That no Matter, Mistress,' Commissioner, or Overseer of any Family in this Island, shall give their ‘Negroes or otlferSlaves Leave, on Sabbath Days, Holy Days, or any other Time, to go out of , , their Plantations, except such Negro or other Slave as usually wait upon them at Home or

Abroad, and wearing a Livery, ana no other Negro or Slave, except with a Ticket under the 'Master or Mistress’s Hand, or some other Person by his or her Appointment, specifying the Time allowed for his or her Return, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Negro or other Slave licensed to go Abroad 2S. 6d.Sterling, Half of the said Fine to be to the Informer, and the other to the public Treasury; and if any Master, Mistress, Commissioner, or Overseer of a Plantation, shall find any Negro or other Slave in their Plantation at any Time, without a Ticket or Business from his said Master, and doth not apprehend them, or endeavour so to do, and having appre-'hehded them, shall not punish them with a moderate Whipping, shall forfeit Ten Shillings Sterling, to be disposed of as aforesaid.

II. And for that it is absolutely necessary to the Safety of this Place, that all due Care be taken to restrain the Wanderings and Meetings of Negroes and other Slaves at all Times, more especially on Saturday Nights, Sundays, and other Holy Days, and their using and carrying of Clubs, Wooden Swords, or other mischievous and dangerous Weapons, or using or keeping of Druids, Horns, or other loud Instruments, which may call together or give Sign or Notice to one another of their wicked Designs and Purposes; and that all Matters, Overseers, and Others may

’ be encouraged and enjoined diligently and carefully to prevent the fame; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for all Matters, Overseers, and other Persons whatsoever, to apprehend and take up any Negro or other Slave that shall be found out of the Plantation of his or their Master or Owner at.any Time, especially on Saturday Nights, Sundays, or other Holy Days, not being on lawful Business, and with a Letter from their Mailer, or a Ticker, or not having a White Man with them (except only such Negroes or other Slave as usually attend their Matters ana have on a Livery) and the said Negro or other Slave or Slaves corredlby a moderate Whipping, and after Notice given to their Master, Owner, or Overseer, him or them detain until the said Master, Owner, or Overseer pay to the said Person that took him up is. for every such Negro or other Slave, he making Oath before the next Justice of the Peace (if . thereunto required by the Owner of such Negro or other Slave) that he found or saw no Letter

or Ticket with him; as also any Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, met or found out of the Plantation of his or their Master or Mistress, though with a Letter or Ticket, if he or they be armed with such Clubs or other offensive Weapons aforesaid, him or them so disarmed take up and whip, and shall receive the same Reward as aforesaid from the Master or Owner of such Negro or other Slave or Slaves} and whatsoever Master, Owner, or Overseer shall permit or suffer his or their Negro, or other Slave-or Slaves, at any Time hereafter, to beat Drum; blow Horns, to use any other loud Instrument, and shall not cause his Negro Houses once every Week to be dili-gendy searched, and such Instruments, if any be found, caused to be burned; or whosoever shall suffer and countenance any public Meeting or Feasting of strange Negroes, or other Slaves in their Plantations, shall forfeit Fifty Shillings Sterling for every such Offence, upon Conviction or 'Proof as aforesaid, provided an Information or Other-Suit be commenced within One Month after Forfeiture thereof for the fame.

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Overseer of a Family In this Island shall cause all his Negro Houses to be searched diligently and effectually, once . every Fourteen Days, for fugitive and runaway Slaves, Clubs, wooden Swords, and other mif-chjevofls Weapons, and finding any so, to take them away, and cause them to be burned; as also for Clothes, Goods, and any other Things and Commodities that are not giyen them by their Master, Mistress, Commander, or Overseer, and honestly come by; in whole Custody they find any Thing of that Kind, and fhfpect or know to be stolen Goods, the fame they shall seize and take into their Custody, and a full and ample Description of the Particulars thereof, in Writing, within Six Days after the Discovery thereof, to send to the Clerk of the Parish for the Time being, who is hereby required to receive the same, and to enter upon it the Day of its Receipt, and the Particulars to file and keep to himself, and shall set upon the Posts of the Church Door a short Brief) that such toft Goods are found, whereby any Person that hath loft his Goods may the better come to the'Knowledge where they are, by further enquiring for stolen Goods, until he shall first declare what he hath loft, and the Marks and Descriptions thereof, and paid him iad. for the feme; by which, if the Clerk shall be convinced that any Part of the Goods certified to him to be found, appertains to the Party enquiring, he is to direct the said Party enquiring to the Place and Party where his Goods be, who is hereby required to make Restitution of what is in being to the true Owner, upon the Penalties of the Forfeitures of 20 s. Sterling for every Neglect by the Overseer or Clerks aforesaid, in any of the Particulars aforesaid.

J 6 a VIII. And

Of Runaway Slaves.

JAR.T III.

UarlHidm.-~-Slaves; for their Regulation, ;&c.

QfRunaway Slants.

VIII. And it is further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall hereafter take up any runaway or. fugitive Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, not knowing the Matter or Owner of such Negro or Slave, and shall bring them unto the Provost Marshal or his De-

puty, shall receive ios. Sterling from the Treasurer for the Time being, who is.hereby appointed to pay the fame; and in case he shall refuse to make the said Payment, ypon Presentment of the said Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, and thereof Oath to be made before any Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to direct his Warrant to any Constable,

‘to cause the Value thereof to be immediately levied out of the Goods of the said Treasurer, and . the said Goods to be delivered to the said Party; and the Negroes so brought shall be kept in the Cage at the Stepping Stones, by the Provost Marshal, and not in Gaol; which said Cage is always to be kept in sufficient Repair at the public Charge of this Island. '

IX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said, Provost Marshal to retain and keep in his Custody as aforesaid the Body of all such Runaways, until the Owner of them shall pay unto the said Treasurer ns. Sterling, and also unto the said Provost Marshal 4d. for every Twenty-four Hodrs the said fugitive Slave hath been in his Custody, and also until he have a.Discharge under the Hand of the said Treasurer or his Clerk; and the Turnkey shall receive 6 d. for every Negro delivered.

X. Provided always, That the said Provost Marshal do furnish the said Negroes apd other

- Slaves with sufficient Food and Drink, which is to be proved upon Oath, if by the Owner of the Negro, or other Slaves it shall be so required to be cfone.

XI. And,it is further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Slaves foalf die for Want of Food, the said Provost Marshal shall be responsible for them to the Owners; and if the said Marshal suffer any Slave to escape, before he be duly delivered by a Discharge in Writing under the Hand of the abovesaid Treasurer, the Provost Marshal shall pay unto him

- the aforesaid Treasurer ns. and shall make further Satisfaction to the Owner,” as by the Goyer-

- nor and Council shall be thought fit; and if the said Provost Marshal shall suffer any Slave jto . be otherwise employed out of the Cage, before due Delivery as aforesaid, he shall forfeit, for each . Slave lb suffered as aforesaid, to the Owner thereof! the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

XII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all such Persons as shall apprehend and bring down any runaway Slave or Slaves to Saint Michael's Town, unto the Treasurer for the Time being, or to the Cage, shall, upon such Bringing-down of such runaway

Slave or Slaves, deliver, upon Oath, to the said Trerjurer, or, in case of his Sickness or Absence, to any Justice of the Peace, to be by him returned to the Treasurer’s Office, before he shall receive die Consideration before appointed, an Account of his Name and Place of Abode, with the , Time, when, and Place where, he apprehended such fugitive Slave or Slaves, and that he knew

- of no Ticket the Negro had, nor the Owner of such Negro or Slave; which the said Treasurer is . hereby required to take, and enter into a Book, to the Intent that all Owners of Slaves may

come to the right Knowledge and Understanding when their Slaves were apprehended, and by whom, and whether they might be wrongfully taken up or not; and that the Keeper of the Cage, at the Delivery of any Slaves, do take a Receipt of the Person to whom delivered, and therein insert the Mark or Description of the SJave delivered.

XXI. And. whereas divers Negroes and other Slaves, at this prCfent, are and have been long

- since run away into Woods and other Faftnesses of this Island, doing continually much Mischief to the Inhabitants of this Island, hiding themselves sometimes in one Place and sometimes in another, so that they are not to be found without much Difficulty; Be it therefore Enacted,

That from and after Publication hereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace,

.Constable, or Captain of a Company, within this Island, that shall have Notice of the Residency or Hiding-place of any runaway. Negroes or other fugitive Slaves, to raise and arm any Number of Men, not exceeding 20, to apprehend and take them, either alive or dead; and for every Ne-

gro or other Slave that they shall take alive, having run away above Six Months from his Master, they shall.receive 50 s. Sterling; and for every Negro or other Slave that they shall take alive, having been run away above 12 Months, Five Pounds, from the Matter, or Commanders, of the said Negro or other Slave; if killed in taking, they shall receive 50 s. Sterlingirom the Piib-. lies any Ad or Statute heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding. 3

JML0&

.PART III.

• Of Runaway Slaves.

Barbadoes.—— Slaves; for their Regulation,

i

22 Odt. 1692. N° 377.

An ADDITIONAL ACT to an Act, intitled, “ An Act for the go-u verning of Negroes.”

WHEREAS b'y an Act of this Island, intitled, “ An Act for the governing of Negroes,” bearing Date the Eighth Day of August, 1688, amongst other Things it was Enacted in these Words j “ And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts heretofore made concerning or relating any ways to the governing of Negroes, enacted before the Date of this Act, shall * be repealed, and are hereby repealed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever:” And whereas by a former Act of this Island, intided, w A Supplemental Act to a former Act, intided. An Act for “ the better Ordering and Governing of Negroes,” bearing Date the 21ft Day of April, 1676, it was Enacted in these Words, (viz.) “ That if any Negro or Slave, after he hath lived in this Island “ for the Space ‘of 12 Months at lead, shall run away from his Mailer or Mistress, and continue * absent above the Space of 30 Days, such Negro or Slave shall fuflfer Death for the fame, the “ Offence to be tried as the Offences expressed in the first Branch of this Act; and the Owner of * such Negro or Slave shall be allowed his reasonable Value from the public Treasury of this * Island, in the same Manner as is allqwed for other Negroes that suffer Death by this Act which last-mentioned Act was often revived and continued, but the fame Clause, after some Negroes had suffered Death for running away as aforesaid, was repealed, it being expected that others would have taken Warning thereby, and not have been guilty of such Offence for the future; and, for as much as the first-mentioned Act, now in Force, bearing Date the 8th. Day of August 1688, hath made noProvision that such Slaves as absent themselves 30 Days shall suffer Death as aforesaid, and such is their brutyh and barbarous Nature, that they will not be reclaimed by any fair Means; but f^y the often running away of Negroes and Slaves, and by their long Absence from the Service of their Owners, they become desperate, and daily plotting, commit Felonies and other Enormities, not only to the Terror and Affrightment of the Neighbourhood, but the Danger of the Island in general; Be it Enacted by his Excellency Colonel James Kendal, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That if after Publication of this Act, any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, after he, she, or they have lived in this Island One whole Year, that is, are, or shall run away, and absent him, her, or themselves from the Service of his, her, or their Matter, Mistress, or other Persons with whom he, she, or they reside, and flnjl continue absent for and during the Space of 30 Days, shall suffer Death for the fame; the said Offence and Offences to be tried in the like Manner, by Two Justices of the Peace and Three Freeholders, as other Criminals in and by the said Act now in Force (to which this is an Addition) are appointed to be tried; such Negro or Slave to be valued by them the said Justices and Freeholders, which Value the Owner thereof shall be paid and allowed out of the public Treasury of this Island, as is allowed for other Negroes that suffer Death by the said Act.

11 Nov. 1731. N° 161.

An ACT for the Punishment of Runaway Slaves, and of Slaves who shall wilfully entertain, harbour, and conceal any Runaway Slaves.

Preamble.

Clause I. Negroes, &c. harbouring any Slave run away, shall, on Conviction before a Justice of Peace, receive *i La (lies for the First Offence, anil the runaway Slave shall be punished in Jifce Manner}

For the Second Offence, 39 Lathes 5 For the Third Offence, shall receive 39 Lathes, and be branded R on the right Cheek; and for every otter Offence, punished at the Difcrctkmof the Justice*

WHEREAS divers Negroes and other Slaves do often run away, and absent themselves from the Service of their Owners, and are wilfully entertained, harboured, and concealed by other Slaves, to the great Detriment of the Owners of such runaway Slaves, and to the grievous Mischief of the Inhabitants of this Island in general: Be it therefore enacted by the Honourable Samuel Barwick, Esquire, President of His Majesty’s Council, and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guadaloupe, &c. the Honour-ble the Members of His Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Negro, or other Slave, shall hereafter wilfully entertain, harbour, and conceal any runaway Slave, and shall be thereof adjudged guilty by any Justice of the Peace, upon Confession or Proof, such Negro or other Slave so offending, as also every Negro or other Slave so run away, wilfully entertained, harboured, and concealed, and thereof ajdudged guilty in Manner aforesaid, shall severally for such First, Offence receive One-and-twenty Lathes on their bare Backs; and for the Second Offence of the fame Nature, every such Negro or other Slave so severally offending shall receive Thirty-and-nine Lashes on the bare Back; and for the Third Offence of the fame Nature, every Negro or qtheg .{slave so severally offending shall receive Thirty-and-nine Lashes on the bare Back, and liit branded in the right Cheek with a hot Iron, marked with the Letter R; and for

4 fvery

PART III.

Barbadoes.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

• Of Runaway Slaves.—Wandering abroad.

> every Offence of the fame Nature afterwards, every such Negro or other Slave so offending shall be punished at the Discretion of the Justice, Life and Limb excepted.

II. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after Publication hereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace within this Island, and every Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint and Oath to him made, that any Negroes or other Slaves are run away, and have absented themselves from the Service of their Owners, and at the Request of such Owners or their Attornies, and not otherwise, to issue a Warrant to such Owners or their Attornies, or to some discreet Person or Persons to be recommended for that Purpose by such Owners or their Attornies, and to be approved of by such Justice, to search for and apprehend all such runaway Slaves, as also all such Negroes or other Slaves,-as the said Complainants shall have just Cause to suspect to be guilty of wilfully entertaining, harbouring, and concealing such runaway Slaves, and them to bring before such Justice to be dealt with according to the Directions of this Act for such their Offences; and the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaints, and to give Judgment thereupon against any Negro or other Slave that shall be by him adjudged guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act; and of all such Complaints, and the Proceeed-ings thereon, the said, Justice shall make Record; and every such Person, to whom such Warrant shall be directed, is hereby authorized and impowered to raise and arm any Number of Men, not exceeding io, to assist in the Execution of such Warrant.

Every Justice of Peace, upon Complaint on Oath, to issue a Warrant to search for an«l apprehend runaway Slaves, and all Slaves suspe&cd of harbouring them, to give Judgment agamftOf-fenders, and record his Proceedings.

Any Person executing such Warrant, may

raile and arm ioM;n to assist him.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Per- But shall execute no son to whom such Warrant shall be directed shall not, at the Time of executing; of the said °,1,er Wntat *je

* . _TT txt , . lame lime, under

Warrant, execute any other Warrant or Writ, nor be aiding, abetting, or assisting, nor con- the Penalty of 5o I.

nive at, assent, or consent to the Executing of any other Warrant or Writ, at the fame Time, ”

under the Penalty of £. 50 Current Money, to be recovered against such Person by Action ibnaggrieved!

of Debt, Plaint, 'Bill, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record in this Island; One

Moiety thereof to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and the other

Moiety to the Party aggrieved, who is hereby impowered to sue for the same in Manner

aforesaid.

27 Feb. 1739, N 180.

IV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, mand'or'receive the' who shall hereafter apprehend or take up any Negro or other Slave or Slaves, that have or hath Sums mentioned to be been run away from his, her, or their Owner or Possessor for above the Space of Six or Twelve siavr"fnthe

Months, shall be entitled to demand or receive the respective Sums mentioned and ap- Afn^sa^ciViV * pointed in the said Act, intitled, “ An Act for the governing of Negroes,” unless it shall uniefeaGuardwason fully appear that a Guard was on Purpose raised for seizing and apprehending such Slave or ^e^wereapprehend-Slaves, and that it was with very great Difficulty he, she, or they was or were apprehended; edwith very great. but the Sum to be paid for taking such Slave or Slaves, if the Owner or Possessor, and Dll5cu,ty' the Constable or other Person, disagree about the fame, shall be settled and determined by J,p 'iTi^mway^and the nea'rest Justice of the Peace to the Habitation of the Owner or Possessor, not exceeding the Owner of’ such the Sum of Ten Shillings for Six Months, and Twenty Shillings for Twelve Months; and t”ens°u^g‘t“be such Justice shall, and is hereby impowered to cause the Sum he shall think reasonable to be paid, the nearest Juf-paid, not exceeding the Sums aforesaid, to be raised as in Cafe of Servants Wages. ‘I" the Peace to

r * 0 * the Owner is tc- settle

* * it, not exceeding ios.

for 6 Months, and 20s. for 12 Months Absence, to be raised as Servants Wages.

VI. Wherefore it shall and may be lawful for the said Constable and Watch, within the Hours aforesaid, to take up any Negroes, Mulattoes, or other Slaves in the Streets, that shall be seen •without a lighted Lanthorn, or unable to give a sufficient and satisfactory Reason for his, her, Conihbie and Watch or their being out; and the said Negroes, Mulattoes, or other Slaves so taken up shall, toufetheirutmoii by the said Constable or Watch, be conveyed to the Cage, there to be secured till the next femDifordrrsIn^he Morning, except that Morning be Sunday, and then the said Negro, Mulatto, or other Slave Townofst.Michael, shall be secured in the Cage till the Monday following, when he, she, or they shall be car- ^hfnk,eh"pf:*|j ried before the next Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered to order the said Negro, of 9 and 5 seen in the Mulatto, or other Slave, such Correction or Punishment as he in his Discretion shall think the sueetsnnabietogive

1 ... - a latisfa&ory Reason

for being out, to secure them in the Cage until next Morning, except Sunday, and then until Monday Morning, vrlien they shall be--carried before the next Justice and puoished.

said Negro, Mulatto, or other Slaves deserves; and if he, she, or they be whipped, then ,er t^-fv the the said Owner thereof is hereby required to pay the said Whipper Fifteen Pence for so whippeTUdPcage! doing, and also to the Cage-keeper Fifteen Pence for keeping the said Negro, Mulatto, or keeper 15 d. each, other Slave in the said. Cage.

Part III. 5 H , 27th

23 Mar. 1762, N° 227.

PART III.

Barbadoes.~—§\?LVt$; for their Regulation, &c,

Conspiracies of Slaves.—Offences of Slaves.

27th October 1692* N° 376.

An ACT for Encouragement of all Negroes and Slaves that shall discover any Conspiracy.

Conspiracies of WHEREAS sundry of the Negroes and Slaves of this Island have been long prepar-

Slaves. ing, contriving, and designing most horrid, bloody, damnable, and detestable Rebellion,

Massacre, Assassination, and Destruction by them to be committed, done, and perpetrated upon and against all the White Inhabitants hereof; but before this should be effected, it hath pleased Almighty God to give us a gracious Deliverance by a miraculous Discovery thereof i To the End such barbarous Purposes and Practices may be prevented for the future, and that such Negroes and Slaves as are not infefted and drawn in by the wicked and devilish Instiga-tions of others may not be excited thereto, nor perverted in Point of their Obedience, but may be encouraged to continue orderly and quietly, and discover, so soon as shall come to their Knowledge, any Design, Purpose, or Intent of any Negro or other Slave to commit or abet any Insurrection or Rebellion; Be it Enacted by his Excellency Colonel James Kendal, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That whatsoever Negro or Slave shall, after Publication hereof, hear any other Negro or Slave speak or utter any Words tending to Mutiny, Insurrection, or Rebellion, or shall have or prepare any Gunpowder, Ball, Sword, Lance, or other warlike Instrument, than what are allowed for watching, or other Service of the Country, and shall forthwith discover the lame to any Justice of the Peace of this Island, the said Justice shall join himself to the next Justice of the Peace, and they Two are hereby impowered and required to cause the said Negro or other Slave so accused forthwith to be apprehended, and the Accuser and Accused to be brought Face to Face, and shall diligently enquire into the said Matter, and if they shall find the Accu-fation just, they shall secure the said Negro or Slave, and report the said Matter to his Excellency, or other Governor for the Time being; who is hereby humbly requested to appointField Officers to try the said Negro or Slave, as by the Act for the governing of Negroes is provided, who are to proceed accordingly; and if they, the said Field Officers, shall find the said Negro or Slave guilty of what he or she stands accused, such Field Officers shall appraise the condemned Negro, as by the said Act is appointed: But the Negro which accuses the other, the Field Officers shall appraise at his or her full Value and Worth, although it exceed the Sum by the said Act limited, of which the said Field Officers shall forthwith certify his Excellency, or the Governor for the Time being, upon Oath, who is hereby requested to draw an Order on the Treasurer for that Sum which such Accuser is valued atto be paid to the Owner of such Negro or Slave, at Sight; and, upon Payment thereof, his Excellency, or the Governor for the Time being, is requested to declare the said Negro or Slave free, and such Negro shall be sent off this Island by the Treasurer, to such Place where he or she shall desire, who is hereby required to pay for such Negro’s Passage; but if such Negro had rather flay here with his Master, Mistress, or Family, and not be free, such Negro shall receive Forty Shillings to his own Ufc from the said Treasurer; and if any Negro or Slave shall not make good his or her Accusation against such Negro or Slave as he or she shall accuse, such Negro or Slave shall receive such Punishment, not to extend to Life or Member, as the said Two Justices, or Field Officers, who shall hear the Matter, shall think fit.

8th Aug. 1688. N° 329.

Offences of V. AND be it further Enacted and Ordained, That if any Negro or Slave whatsoever shall

Slaves. offer any Violence to any Christian, by striking, or the like, such Negro or other Slave

shall, for his or her first Offence, by Information given upon Oath to the next Justice, be severely whipped by the Constable, by Order of the said Justice; for his second Offence of that Nature, by Order of the Justice of Peace he shall be severely whipped, his Nose stir, and be burned in some Part of his Face with a hot Iron; and for his third Offence, he shall receive, by Order of the Governor and Council, such greater Punishment as they shall think meet to inflict.

VI. Provided always. That such Striking or Conflict be not in the lawful Defence of their Masters, Mistresses, or Owners of their Families, or of their Goods.

1

XVI f. And it is further Enacted, Ordained, and Published, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negroes or other Slaves shall make Mutiny or Insurrection, or rife in Rebellion against this Place or People, or make Preparation of Arms, Powder, Bullets, of Often five Weapons, or hold any Council or Conspiracy of, or railing Mutiny or Rebellion against this Island, as hath been formerly attempted, that then, for speedy Remedy thereof, the Governor of the Island, or superior Officer for the Time being, appoint a Colonel, and the Field Officers of 5 H 2 the

PART UI.

Barbqdo'es.—Slaves; for their Regulation, 8$c.

Offences of Slaves.—Trial of Slaves,

the Regiment of this Island, <?r any Four of them, to meet in Council, and proceed by the Martial Law against the Actors, Contrivers, Raifers, Fomenters, and Concealers of such Mutiny or Rebellion, and them punish by Death or other Pains as their Crimes shall deserve, a? to the aforesaid Colonel and Field Officers, or any Four of them, ffiajl seem fit.

8 Aug. 1688. ^329.

XIV. AND whereas many heinous and grievous Crimes, as Murder, Burglaries, Rob- Trial of Slaves, bing in the Highways, Rapes, burning of Houses or Canes, be many Times committed by and Proceedings Negroes and other Slaves, and many Times maliciously attempted by them to. be commit- thereon.

ted, in which, though by divers Accidents they are prevented, yet are their Crimes nevertheless heinous, and therefore deserve the like Punishment} and also do many Times steal, wilfully kill, maim, or destroy One or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Cattle, Sheep, or other quick or dead Thing of the like Nature, and of the Value of iod. or above; and many Times, by attempting to steal from the Inhabitants of this Kland Stock and other Goods before mentioned of, above, or under the Value aforesaid, do put such Inhabitants or some of his Family' in Terror, Dread, and Jeopardy of their Lives; which several Offenders, for Danger of Escape, are not long to be imprisoned*,. and being british Slaves deserve not, for the Baseness of their Condition, to be tried by the legal Trial of 12 Men of their Peers or Neighbourhood, which neither truly can be rightly done as the Subjects of England are, nor is Execution to be delayed towards them in case of such horrid Crimes committed;

It is therefore Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Crime as aforesaid shall be commited by any Negroes, Slave, or Slaves, and the said Criminals be apprehended and brought before any of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace within this Island, the Justice, before whom the Criminals are brought, shall take Security for their Forthcoming, or fend them to Prison, and with all convenient Speed shall join with him the next Justice of the Peace, and these Two shall by their Warrant or Precept call to them Three able, good, and legal Freeholders of the Place, nearest where the said Crimes were committed, and these Five Persons, viz. the Two Justices, and the Three Freeholders, shall hear and examine all Evidences, Proofs, and Testimonies, and if by such Evidence, Proofs, and Testimonies,

Or by violent Circumstances they shall find such Negro or other Slave or Slaves guilty thereof^ they shall give Sentence of Death upon them accordingly; the said Freeholders being first sworn before the Two Justices, who are hereby impowered to administer the same, and forthwith by their Warrant cause Executionto be done upon such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, by feme Negro, to be pressed for that Purpose by some Constable to be appointed by Warrant ' from' the said Justices.

XV. It is further provided, That if any Freeholder shall make Default to appear, upon such Summons, before the Justices, as is before-mentioned, or appearing, refuse to join with them as is before appointed, and do shew no Cause for such Default, to be approved by the said Justices, then the aforesaid Justices do set a Fine upon him of Fifty Shillings Sterling, forthwith, by their Warrant or Precept to the next Constable, or what Constable they shall think fit to levy the same upon the said Freeholders, their Goods'or Chattels, accordingly;' and- if any Person shall fend off his Negro that hath killed another, he lhafl pay unto the.

Master of such Negro the Value of such Negro lo killed as aforesaid.

XVI. And, in regard great Mischiefs daily happen by the Petty Larcenies committed also by’ the Negroes and Slaves of this Island; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That if any Negro or other Slave shall hereafter steal or destroy any Goods, Chattels, and Provisions, Canes, or green Corn whatsoever, of any other Person than his Mailer or Mif-tress, being under the Value of Twelve Pence, every Negro or other Slave so offending, and being brought before some Justice of the Peace of this Island, upon Complaint of the Party injured, who shall be adjudged guilty by Confession, Proof, or probable Circumstances, such Negroes or Slave so offending (excepting Children, whose Punishment is left, wholly to the Discrerion of the said Justice) shall be adjudged by such Justice to be publicly and severely whipped, not exceeding Forty Lashes; and the said-Justice shall order and cause the Owner of such Negro or other Slave to make Satisfaction to "the Party injured; and if such Negro or other Slave punished as aforesaid, be afterwards found guilty of the like Crimes aforesaid, under the Value of Twelve Pence as aforesaid, he or they, for such his or their Second Offence, shall, by Order of the Justice of Peace before whom such Complaint and Proof is made, have his or their Noses flit, and be branded in the Forehead with a

Hot Iron, that the Mark thereof may remain; and the said Justices shall order the Owner of V " such Negro or other Slave to make Satisfaction to the Party injured, double the Value of i >.

what his Loss shall appear: And if such Negro or other Slave, after the Second Time as aforesaid, be accused of Petty Larceny, or of any of the Offences before-mentioned, such

5 Negro

I

part niv Barbadoes.—Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

‘Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.—Clothing.—Killing a Slave.—Maintenance of Negroes infirm, &c,

Negro or other Slave shall be tried in such Manner as Murder, Burglary, &c. are provided for to be tried; and if such Negro or other Slave as shall be tried shall be found guilty a Third Time of any of the Offences afore-mentioned, then such Negro or other Slave, for the Third Offence, shall be adjudged to suffer Death in the Manner as. is appointed in cases of Murder as aforesaid, or other Punishment as the said Justices shall think fit; and in case the said Justices and Freeholders, and any or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duties by this Act required of them, they shall severally, for such their respective Defaults, forfeit the just Sum of Five and Twenty Pounds Sterling.

27 Feb. 1739. N° 180.

The Evidence oFa V. AND be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That hereafter the Evidence or C^reumstancesfmail Testimony of any Slave, where the fame is supported with very good and sufficient corrobo-be as valid against a rating Circumstances, against any Free Negro, Indian, or Mulatto, whether baptized or not, nlch Sifav^'was"free deceived, allowed, and taken, before any Justice of the Peace, or in any Court of Rebaptized, and not cord, or other Judicature in this Island, and shall be deemed and adjudged, as the fame is

under Servitude. hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes

whatsoever, as if the Slave giving Evidence or Testimony was free baptized, and not under Servitude or Bondage to any Person whatsoever.

Slaves 5 for their Prote£Hon, &c.

8 Aug. 1688. N° 329.

Clothing. VII. AN D be it further Enacted, That all the Slaves within this Island shall have

Clothes Once every Year (that is to say) Drawers and Caps for Men, and Petticoats and Caps for Women, upon Pain of forfeiting 5 j. for each Slave that shall not be clothed as aforesaid. One Third to the Informer, the other Two Thirds to His Majesty, for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender liveth.

Killing a Slave, XXII. And be it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slave, under Punishment by his Mailer, or his Order, for running away, or any other Crimes or Misdemeanors towards his said Malter, unfortunately shall suffer in Life or Member, which seldom happens, no Person whatsoever shall be liable to any Fine therefore: But if any Man, of Wantonness, or only of Bloody-mindedncfs, or cruel Intention, wilfully kill a Negro or other Slave of his own, he shall pay into the public Treasury 15 1. Sterling; but if he shall so kill another Man’s, he shall pay to the Owner of the Negro double the Value, and into the public Treasury 25 1.; and he shall further, by the next Justice of the Peace, be bound to the good Behaviour during the Pleasure of the Governor and Council, and not be liable to any other Punishment of Forfeiture for the fame; neither is he that kills another Man’s Negro or other Slave by Accident, liable to any other Penalty but the Owner’s Action at Law; but if any poor small Freeholder, or other Person, kill a Negro or other Slave by Night, out of the Road or Common Path, and Healing or attempting to steal his Provifxon, Swine, or other Goods, he shall not be accountable for it; any Law, Statute, or Ordinance to the contrary notwithstanding.

18 th January 1785.

An ACT to prevent distempered, maimed, and worn out Negroes,from in* felling the Towns, Streets, and Highways of this Island.

WHEREAS it has for some Time pall been the cruel Practice of some Persons pofi-felling Negroes, who from their old Age and Infirmities are incapable of further Service to their inhuman Owners, to drive them from their Plantations to beg, steal, or starve; which said unhappy Objects are daily infefting the public Streets of the several Towns in this Island, greatly to the Annoyance and Nuisance of the Inhabitants thereof:

Maintenance of To prevent such inhuman Practices for the future, so disgraceful and dangerous to the Negroes infirm, Country; Be it therefore Enacted by his Excellency David Parry, Esquire, Captain General, (fie. . Governor, and Commander in Chief of this Island, Chancellor, Ordinary, and Vice Admiral

of the fame, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of 6 this

PART HI.

Barbadoes.—SJavcs j for their Protection, &c.

Maintenance of Negroes , &c.—Manumifion

this Act, the Owner or Owners of any distempered, maimed, or worn out Negro or Negroes,

Mulatto, or other Slaves, suffering such distempered, maimed, or worn out Negro, Mulatto, or other Slaves to infeft the Towns, Streets, Lanes, public Highways, or Avenues, leading to the several Towns of this Island, upon Notice or Summons under the Hand and Seal of any Magistrate in this Island, delivered to the Owner or Owners of such Negro, Mulatto, or other Slave or Slaves, or left at his, her, or their most usual Place of Residence with a White Person, acquainting him, her, or them with the Nuisance the Public sustain thereby, the said Owner or Owners of such distempered Slave or Slaves (Negro or Mulatto) not removing the fame within the Space of Four Days after receiving such Notice as aforesaid, shall, on Conviction before the Magistrate who issues such Notice or Summons, or any other Magistrate for the Body of this Island, forfeit and pay, for every Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds; and the Magistrate before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause such distempered, maimed, or worn out Slave or Slaves to be immediately removed and conveyed to the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves, or to his, her, or their Habitation or Place of Residence, and pay the Charges and Expences thereof with or out of the said Penalty of Five Pounds; One Third of the Overplus, if any be, of the said Sum to be applied to the Use of the Constable or Person who shall apprehend such distempered, maimed, or worn out Slave or

Slaves, and the other Two Thirds to be placed in the public Treasury; and if any Person or Persons, offending as aforesaid, shall not immediately, upon his, her, or their being thereof as aforesaid convicted, pay to the said Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made, the said Forfeiture or Forfeitures for the Uses aforesaid, then every such Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby impowered and required, by Warrant of Distress under his or their Hands and Seals, to levy on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and in Failure of Goods and Chattels in Possession of such Offender, whereon such Forfeiture may be levied, then, and in such Case, every such Justice or Justices to commit every Owner or Owners of any such distempered, maimed, or worn out Slave or Slaves to the Common Gaol of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Months, unless such Owner or Owners shall sooner pay such Forfeiture or Forfeitures to the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner aforesaid.

30 Nov. 1707. N°54I.

An ACT for the Encouragement of such Negroes and other Slaves that shall behave themselves courageously against the Enemy in Time of Invasion.

FORASMUCH as there are many Negroes and other Slaves in this Island, who are worthy Manumifion, of Trust and Confidence to be reposed in them, and therefore may be of great Service to this Island should the fame be invaded; to the End therefore that Encouragement may be given for every Negro or other Slave to behave themselves courageously against the Enemy, Be it Enacted by his Excellency Mitford Crowe, Esquire, Captain General and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands lying and being to windward of Guardeloupe, ' the Honourable the Members of her Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That every Negro or other Slave within this Island, who in Time of Invaflon by her Majesty’s Enemies, or other Attempt to be made on this Island, shall engage and courageously behave himself in Time of Battle, so as to kill any one of the Enemy, the said Negroes or other Slaves, and every of them, upon due Proof thereof made before One of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in this Island, by the Oath of Two credible White Men, shall be, and are hereby respectively declared Freemen, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be deemed and held absolutely free from all future Slavery towards his Matter and Mistress, from and immediately after such Proof to be made in Manner aforesaid.

II. And, to the End that the Owners of every such Negro or other Slave, who shall gain their Freedom by virtue of this Act, may receive a full Recompence for the Loss which they shall sustain thereby; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Negro or other Slave who shall happen to be set free by this Act, shall be valued and appraised on Oath by Two of the neighbouring Freeholders to the Place where the Owners of such Negro or Slaves live, before One of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in this Island, which Justice of the Peace shall give a Certificate of the Value to the Owner or Owners of such Negro or Slaves, who are to produce the fame to his Excellency, and thereupon his said Excellency, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, is humbly desired to issue his Order or Orders on the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, forthwith to pay the fame out of the Duty of Excise or Strong Liquors; and in Cafe it shall so happen that at the Time of the issuing of such Orders there shall not be the Money sufficient in the Treasury to discharge the fame, then, upon the Treasurer’s certifying the fame on the Back of each Order or Orders,

Part III. 5 I * the

Go ^le

part in.

Barbadoes*—&laves; for their Protection, See,

Mammijfum,

the respedcive Owners thereof shall be allowed Interest at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Cent, per Annum, from the Time of the Date of the said Certificate, until the full Value of every such Negro or other Slave shall be paid and satisfied.

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slaves, at the Time of Invasion, or Appearance of the Enemy, shall happen to be killed, the Owner or Owners of such Negro or other Slaves shall be paid the full Value of every such Negro or other Slave out of the public Treasury of this Island; which Value shall be set by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, before any One of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in this Island, who is hereby required to give a Certificate thereof to the Owner or Owners of such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, upon which Certificate his Excellency, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, is- humbly desired to issue his Order or Orders for Payment thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

27th Feb: 1739. N* 180.

tVbcn any Slave shall fce set free, the Person manumittine: shall pay to the Church* warden of the Parish the Sum. of 501. to be improved by the Vestry, who are to direct that4l.be paid by the Churchwarden to the freed Person.

If the 501. is not paid, or directed to be so, the Churchwarden shall sue for the same by Aaion, or by a Suit in Equity against the Person, or his or her Reprci’entative.

If the Vestry shall re-fufeto appoint the 41. to be paid to the freed Person,or the laidSum shall not be annually so paid, the said freed Person may recover it from the Churchwarden* before any Justice, at Servant* Wages,

VI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whoever shall hereafter, by Deed or Will, or by any other Ways or Means whatsoever, manumit, set free, or discharge from Slavery, any Negro or other Slave or Slaves, such Person or Persons shall, for the better Support of such Negro or Slave, and to prevent their becoming burdensome to the Parish in which he, she, or they shall live or reside, deposit or direct to be paid into the Hands of the Churchwarden, for the Time being, of the said Parish, for each Negro or other Slave so manumitted, set free, or discharged from Slavery, the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money, to be by the said Churchwarden and the Vestry of the said Parish for the Time being improved to the best Advantage; and the said Vestry shall direct and appoint the Sum of Four Pounds Current Money, for the Maintenance and Support of such Person lo manumitted and set free, to be Annually paid to him or her; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to deposit or direct such Sum to be paid for the Purpose aforesaid, the fame shall, by the Churchwarden for the Time being, immediately after such Manumission or Freedom, be recovered by Action in the Court of Common Pleas of the proper Precinct, or by a Suit in Equity against the Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Representatives giving such Freedom, and be levied on his, her, or their proper Estate, which is hereby made chargeable with the Payment thereof: And if the said Vestry shall, after the Payment or Recovery of the Sum before-mentioned, refuse to appoint such Annual Sum to the said free Person, or the same shall not be Annually paid to him or her, he or'Ihe shall, and is hereby enabled and impowered to recover the said Annuity, as in case of Servants Wages, before any Justice of the Peace; who is hereby directed and required to hear and determine the fame, and to proceed thereon against the Churchwarden of the said Parish for the Time being, in Manner aforesaid.

22d January, 1783.

Ah ACT to amend an Act of this Island, intitled, «* An Act for amending “ an Act of this Island, intitled. An Act for the governing of Negroes j “ and for providing a proper Maintenance and Support for such Negroes, u Indians, or Mulattoes, as hereafter shall be manumitted or set free; as also * for preventing certain Inconveniences from them arising to the Inhabi-* tants of this Island.”

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, bearing Date the Seventh Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and Thirty-nine, intitled. An Act for amending an Act of this * Island, ifltitled. An Act for the governing of Negroes; and for providing a proper Main-* tenance and Support for such Negroes, Indians, or Mulattoes, as hereafter shall be manu-* mined or let free; as also for preventing certain Inconveniences from them arising to the ft Inhabitants of this Island,” it is Enacted, That whoever shall hereafter, by Deed or Will, or by any other Ways or Means whatsoever, manumit, set free, or discharge from Slavery, any Negro or other Slave or Slaves, such Person or Persons shall, for the better Support of such Negro or Slave, and to prevent their becoming burdensome to the Parish in which he, she, or they shall live or reside, deposit or direct to be paid into the Hands of the Churchwarden for the Time being of the said Parish, for each Negro or Slave so manumitted, set free, or discharged from Slavery, the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money, to be by the said Churchwarden and the Vestry for the said Parish for the Time being improved to the best Advantage; and the said Vestry shall direct and appoint the Sum of Four Pounds Current Money 5 I 2 for

Barbadoes.—Slaves; for their Protection, &e.

PART III.

for the Maintenance and Support of such Person lo manumitted and set free, to be Annually paid to him or her; which wholesome Provision of the said Act, and wife Intention of the Legislature, are now totally evaded, by the Artifice and Contrivance of Persons who manumir or set free their Slaves, by making a Conveyance of such Slave or Slaves intended to be manumitted, to some insolvent Person, ’who immediately executed a Deed of Manumission, by which Means the Parish is defrauded of the said Fifty Pounds, and the Person so let free deprived of the fai'd Annuity, and reduced to Necessity of seeking a dishonest Means of Live- ' lihood: Be it therefore Enacted by his Excellency David Parry, Esquire, Captain General, Governor, and Commander in Chief of this Island, Chancellor, Ordinary* and Vice-Admiral of the fame, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty’s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That, for the future, any Person who shall be minded to manumit or set free any Negro or Slave, shall actually deposit or pay into the Hands of the Churchwarden for the Time being, of the Parish in which such Person lives or resides, the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money, and take a Receipt or Certificate of the said Churchwarden for the fame •, and without such Payment, and such Receipt or Certificate, the Deed of Manumission, or Instrument of Writing, shall be, as to the Purpose of manumitting such Slave, void and of no Effect, and the said Negro or Slave so intended to be manumitted shall remain and continue, and {o all Intents and Purposes shall be as much a Slave, as if no such Deed of Manumission or Instrument -of Writing had been made.

t

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall hereafter, by Will or other Writing, direct any Negro or Slave to be manumitted after the Death of such Person, or at any other future Time, and the Heir at Law, Executor, or other Person so directed to manumit such Slave, shall, in order to save the said Sum of Fifty Pounds* and to retain the said Slave in Slavery, neglect to pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money into the Hands of the Churchwarden of the Parish, and to manumit the said Slave, within Three Months after the Time appointed for the Manumission of the said Slave, the said Churchwarden may, and he is hereby authorized and required to sue in his own Name, in die Court of the proper Precinct, or proceed by Suit in Equity, for the said Sum of Fifty Pounds, and as soon as he shall recover and receive the same, he shall execute a Deed of Manumission in his own Name, which shall be effectual to manumit and set free the said Negro or Slave* any Thing in this Act before seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

FAkf lit.

ANTIGUA

The Law on the Subject of Slaves in this Island is contained in the following Act, passed

14 Aug. 1672*

13 Feb. 1689.

20 July, 1692.

28 June, 1702*

9 Dec. 1723.

8 July, 1784*

The Five former of which are to be found in a printed Volume of The the Leeward

Islands, dated 17 34.

Slaves considered as Property.

Value of Slaves , £s in Service.—Slaves made real Eft ate.

Anno 1672. N° 19:

AN ACT for the Relief of such as shall lose, or have Negroes and. Slaves maimed, in the Service of the Country.

WHEREAS several Negroes and Slaves belonging to several Persons in this Island may be Value of Slaves commanded upon several emergent Occasions, in the Service of the Country, whereby killed^ i£c. in they may lose their Life or Limbs, to the great Damage or Loss of their Owner; It is there-

fore Pstablished and Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority ^ublrl^0^f billed of the fame. That all and every such Negro or Slave that shall be so killed or maimed in the in their Service. Se« Service of the Country, and that shall be thereupon commanded by the Authority of the Act of 13th Feb. fame, shall be paid for and satisfied unto the Master or Owner of such Negro or Slave that J^t’ofpwwSoU8'* shall be so killed or maimed, out of the public Tfeafure, according to the Valuation of die.

Two indifferent Persons, to be appointed by the Governor. beTaiued.r°M *"ta

Anno 1689. N° 78.

III. AND it is hereby furth.er Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master, 5,000 lb. Suharto be Mistress, and Owner of Negro or Negroes in this Island, shall be paid and receive Five thou- every Negr° flaw? ° sand Pounds of Sugar out of the public Stock, for each Negro belonging to them, or any of &c. See Act dated them, that shall happen to be flain, or mortally wounded and disabled in Defence of this '^|befdfo4ne« oiT Island, against any of their Majesties Enemies. Negro#*, &c.

Anno 1692. N° 83.

IX. AND whereas a Number of Persons heretofore deceased, flood pofieft of a good slaves made Quantity of Lands and Tenements, and Number of Negroes, some of which Persons made Eftale. their "Wills and Testaments, nominating their Executors therein, and others died intestate, leaving their Negroes, and other Goods and Chattels to be disposed of by the Administrator or Administrators to be appointed; which said Executors and Administrators, by virtue of their Executorship and Administration, inventoried and appraised the said Negroes, and disposed of them as other Chattels, which oftentimes proved a Ruin to the Interest or Estate,: and left the Widow 2nd Children in 2 bad Condition.

Part III. 5 K: X. For

e

part in. Antigua.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Slaves made real Estate.—Value of Slaves executed,—trading with Slaves.

Negroe* made inhe* X. For the prevention thereof for the future, Be it, and it is Enacted by the Authority

riunce* aforesaid, That all Negro Slaves, and other Slaves, after the Date of this Act, shall and are

hereby declared to be Inheritance, and affixed to the Freehold, and the Widow capable of •ndmay beinren- being endowed thereof: Provided always, That any Executor or Administrator may inventoried by Executor, tory the said Negroes, but not take them into his Custody, to the Intent that if there shall not GMdjlre'n^fufi” be sufficient Goods and Chattels to pay the deceased’s Debts, then the said Negroes are liable cieot to pay Debt*, to be taken for Payment of the said Debts, and be as Chattels to that Purpose, and no otherwise.

Anno 1723. N° 176.

Value of Slaves XIII. AND be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave

executed * shall kill or murder any Person, white or black, or commit any Felony (running away ex-

Owner no» prosecut- cepted) made known to the Matter, Mistress, Owner, or Renter of such Slave, and such Matter, ing hit Negroe in j Mistress, Owner, or Renter of such Slave, being on this island, shall conceal, or neglect to ^TtoiorrhT'wiue, prosecute such Slave for the Space of Three Months next after the Crime made known as and u to be paid * aforesaid, and the Slave being in his Matter’s, Mistresses, Owner’s, or Renter’s Service, *° d* •"after*10 Custody, or Power, after the last mentioned Crimes committed, that then and in such Case * * ’ if any other Person shall prosecute such Slave, and the Slave be thereof lawfully convicted,

the Owner or Renter of such Slave shall be, and is hereby debarred from having or receiving from the public Treasury of this Island any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration, for the Slave so convicted, and the Price which should be paid for such Negro by the Public, shall be paid to the Informer out of the public Treasury, any former Law or any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided such Information and Prosecution be given and begun within Thirty Days after the Expiration of the said Three Months.

The Value of Shmt XIV. And for settling the Value of such Slave so not prosecuted by the Matter, Owner, or settledm uiul. Renter, and convicted by the Prosecution of any other Person, such Slave shall be appraised before Execution done on him or her, as is usual where Slaves are condemned to Death.

If one Slave murders another, the Price to be 691131!/ divided between the Matters.

Slave killed in pursuing a Runaway to be paid for by the Public

if hurt, a proportionable Allowance.

XXVIII. And be it, and it is hereby also further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where One Slave murders another, the Price paid by the Public on executing the Murderer shall be equally divided between the Owner of the Offender and the Owner of the Slave flain; and also if any Person’s Slave shall be killed in pursuing Runaways, by his Matter’s Owner’s, Renter’s, or Manager’s Order, or any other lawful Order, the Slave llain shall be paid for by the Public, and the Value settled in like Manner as before directed herein for settling the Value of a Runaway killed in being pursued; and if the Slave pursuing be Only maimed or much hurt, then a proportionable Allowance shall be made by the Public, to his settled in Manner latt mentioned.

Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Anno 1702. N° 130.

trading with IV. AND be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall Slaves. deal with any Slave or Slaves for any Sugar, Cotton, or Tobacco, or any other Goods what-

Deaiing with slave* soever, without Leave given from the Owner of the said Slave or Slaves, expressed by a ief*b°ov»ner?Leave Note, or some White Person (which Note or White Person shall specify what Goods he shall offender'bound ”*’ so fell, and the Quantity) and that none presume to deal with any Slave otherwise than as Session*, and there j, before directed, under the Penalty that such Person so offending shall be bound over fined and pumUied. the next Justice to the good Behaviour, until the next Sessions of the Peace, or General Sessions, and there to be fined, or receive such other Punishment as the Justices shall think convenient.

Negroes felling any Thing after 10 o'Clock on Sundays to be whipped and paid for as Runaways,

V. And that all Negroes who shall (though with a Ticket, or other Leave from their Owners or Possessors) fell any Thing in any of the Towns on the Lord’s Day, he or they shall be taken up and whipped, and paid for as Runaways, if not returned, or going to their respective*Masters, by Ten of the Clock, to the Intent that all Opportunities of Idleness and Robbery may be taken away.

5X1

Antigua.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c. part hi,

trading with Slaves.—Slaves planting*

XX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever Selling Rum, Ac. t* shall fell any Rum to a Slave on the Sabbath Day, or any Sort of Dry Goods, by Barter or slave on SabbaX otherwise, he shall forfeit Three Pounds current Money for each Offence. ajrto orfe|t jl*

Anno 1723. N°i76.

XIX. AND be it, and it is hereby Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person laying ortavtcnng •or Persons whatsoever shall hereafter buy, barter, or truck for or receive by any Means of aMifde.

or from any Slave or Slaves, any Sugar, Cotton, Rum, Molasses, Ginger, or other Goods or meanor.’1* *“ Chattels (except only Logs of Wood, Fire Wood, Coals, fresh Fish, Dunghill Fowls, Kids, Exception.

Hogs, and Ground Provisions, of the Produce of this Island) without Leave given to such Slave or Slaves, by his or their Mailer, Mistress, Owner, or Renter, or by the Manager having the Care of the Plantation to which the Slaves belong, to sell the same, then such Person or Persons shall be guilty of a Misdeameanor, and liable to be prosecuted therefore by how prosecuted for *t Indictment or Information before Justices of Peace in their Sessions, or Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, and may be fined for the First Offence not exceeding Thirty Tirft offence fined Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds lawful Money of this Island, and on being unable, or not above 301. nor refusing or neglecting to pay the fame Fine immediately, shall be committed to close Custody left tha® ,al* in the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain for Three Months, as a Punishment in lieu of the said Fine, unless he will redeem himself by paying the Fine sooner, with all due Fees; and upon a Second Conviction of the like Offence, shall be fined in any Sum not less ^'^vcTso^1* than Thirty Pounds lawful Money of this Island, nor exceeding Sixty Pounds, and on being 0

unable, refusing, or neglecting to pay the Fine, shall be committed to close Custody in the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain Six Months, as a Punishment in Heu of the said Fine, unless he redeem himself sooner by paying the said Fine, and all due Fees; and upon a Third Conviction, shall be publicly whipped with any Number of Lashes that the Third offence. Court shall think proper, or be set in the Pillory Once or more, as the Court shall think fir, 1

and pay a Ifo any Fine not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Sixty Pounds law- ra under 60U ful Money of this Island, and being unable, refusing, and neglecting to pay the Fine immediately, shall be committed to close Custody in the common Gaol of this Island for One whole Year, unless he shall sooner redeem himself by paying the said Fine, and all usual Fees.

XX. And if any Person or Persons shall buy, barter, truck for, or receive by any unlawful Buying, ace.-stolen Means, from any Slaves, any Goods or Chattels whatsoever, knowing the fame to be stolen, dfaableuot although the principal Felon or Felons are not known or convict, that then such Person or above *ooi. nor left Persons shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and may be prosecuted therefore as afore last th*n'*oJ‘ kc» mentioned, and shall and may be fined, not exceeding One hundred Pounds lawful Money

of this Island, nor less than Twenty Pounds like Money, and be imprisoned also for some

Time not exceeding One Year, and in case of being unable, neglecting, or refusing to pay the Fine immediately, shall undergo such other corporal Punishment, instead of the

fame Fine, by whipping or Pillory, as the Court shall think fit; and upon a Conviction

of the like Offence as last mentioned a Second Time, the Person offending shall be deemed Sceoad Offence*«-

a Felon. l#nJr*

XXI. And if any Person shall be convicted of a Misdemeanor for 'buying, 'bartering, or ConviaTon of aMif.

trucking with Negroes, contrary to this Act, it shall be a Bar to any other Prosecution for aa^"

being accessary to the Felony committed by the Principal, if the Principal be afterwards iky!01*1”8* convict.

XXII. And all Fines hereby laid on Persons convict of buying, bartering, or receiving The Fine* to-the Goods from Slaves, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be paid into the public Treasury of this Island, and towards carrying on the Forts, Fortifications, and jother public Works of this Island.

XXIII. And all and every Person and Persons on whom, or in whose Possession, any loft Finding ftolentSood* •or stolen Goods shall be found, it shall be deemed Evidence against him, her, or them, that ^a^elf”"1a(^;r* they bought, trucked, or bartered for such Goods of, or with a Slave, so far as to make him pr^l^wtecame or them liable only to a Misdemeanor by virtue of this Act, unless such Person or Persons bythan j

shall give sufficient Evidence to the Court how he came by the Goods; and it shall not be any ways necessary in the Indictment or Information for such Misdemeanor, to name particu- if slave unknown, larly the Slave of whom bought, had, bartered, trucked, or received, but the laying it 10 be Ren"*1 indiament. from a Slave unknown shall be sufficient.

XXXIV. And whereas Cotton Planters are injured by Thefts, because Slaves have been Slaves planting. suffered to plant Cotton for their own Use, Be it Enacted by xhe Authority aforesaid. That Person ruffering hi*

slave to plant Cot-

PART II*

Antigua.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c«

Pealing Drums, &c.—Slaves —Carrying Arms.

ton to f&rfeit Ten Founds,

Free Person suspected of felling Cotton for a Slave examinable on Oathi

On Refusal, to forfeit the Cotton to the Informer.

any Person whatsoever. Owner or Possessor of Slaves, that shall permit his or her Slave of Slaves to^plant and gather Cotton for the Use of such Slave or Slaves, such Master, Ownerj or Possessors shall forfeit Ten Pounds lawful Money of this Island; and if any White Man, Free Negro, or Mulatto, shall expose to Sale any Cotton suspected to appertain to a Slave, any Justice of the Peace may cause the Party suspected, and having the Cotton in Possession, to be brought before him, and to make Oath before him, that the Cotton doth not directly or indirectly belong to any SFave; and if the Party refuses to make such Oath, the Cotton shall be seized by the Justice’s Order, and be forfeited to the Use of the Informer.

Anno 1723. N° 176.

Pealing Drums, XV. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoeverMaster, Mistress, Owner, &V. or Renter of any Plantation in this Island, being thereupon resident, and not being abroad

*oi. Penalty on from his or her Plantation, then if any Manager of any such Plantation, and having the Care mfonfuffering'a an" thereof, and thereon resident, and being at home, or if any Overseer being at home, and the Drum to be beat, &c. Master, Mistress, Owner, or Renter happens to be absent from home, shall suffer any Slave or Slaves to beat any Drum or Drums, or empty Calks, or great Guards, or to blow Horns, Shells, or loud Instruments, for the Diversion or Entertainment of Slaves, in his, her, or their Plantation, he, she, of they shall forfeit Twenty Pounds current Money of this Island for every such Offence, unless they suppress the fame in One Hour after the fame begins: Proviso. Provided that Information thereof be given upon Oath to One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for this Island, within One Week after the Offence committed.

Slaves assem-bling.

Justices to order Con -Rabies to attend with Officer and Soldiers of Militia to dirperfe Negroes, if above 10 together, on Saturdays or Sundays.

Housekeeper to at* tend, or fend a Man armed, or pay 20s.

Constable to make Proclamation Three Times to disperse tumultuous Slaves, See.

On Contempt of Proclamation may fire and kill Slaves5 to be paid for by the Public.

Anno 1723. N° 176.

XXX. And whereas Slaves do frequently, on Saturdays in the Afternoon and Sundays, gather and assemble in great Numbers, in and about the Town of Saint John, and commit Riots, and sometimes kill one another, to the great Terror and actual endangering of the Inhabitants, Be it therefore, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace residing in the said Town, or the mod adjacent to it, shall be directed by the Commander in Chief, or in his Absence by the Lieutenant General of these Islands, or in his Absence by the Lieutenant Governor of this Island, to nominate to go in Two Companies, with a convenient Number, not less in all than Six of the Militia of each Town in each Company, with the Constable (One of which to be an Officer) through the said Town of Saint John, and the Pastures adjacent, known by the Names of Otto’s Pasture, and Lopg’s or Morgan’s Pasture, to disperse Negroes got together in any Number exceeding Ten.

XXXI. And each Housekeeper in the said Town being summoned in due Turn, shall attend himself, or fend a White Man armed with a Gun, Powder, and Ball, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Shillings current Money of this Island; and the Constable, or any going in his Assistance, are hereby authorized and required, upon seeing any Number of Negroes assembled in a tumultuous Manner, or playing at Dice, or any Game,. Play, or Diversion, to make Three Proclamations, requiring such Negroes to separate and disperse, and to retire to their Homes, and upon. Contempt of the said Proclamation, or the Negroes not dispersing, may seize One or more of such Negroes, and carry him before a Magistrate, who shall order such Slave or Slaves to Gaol, and the fame Slave or Slaves shall be whipped publicly by a Justice’s Order, on any Day within Three Days after the Offence, with any Number of Stripes at the Justice’s Discretion; but if the Constable, or any in his Assistance, shall apprehend it necessary, in Contempt or Disobedience of the Proclamation, he- or they may fire upon and kill any of the Slaves so contemning or disobeying, and not be liable to any Prosecution therefore} and any Slave so killed shall be paid for by the Public, and the Value settled as in case of killing a Runaway in Pursuit.

Carrying Arms.

Arms in Custody of a Slave seizable, and forfeited to the Sei-

zer.

Anno 1723. N° 176.

XXXV. AND be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave shall be taken out of the Plantation to which such Slave belongs, with any Fire Arms, Cutlasses, Swords, Pikes, or Lances, or other hurtful Arms, not having a Ticket from the Owner or Possessor of such Slave for carrying the fame, or not being in Company under the Direction of a White Person sent along with such Slave or Slaves, any Person may seize such Slave with the Arms or Weapons, or the Arms and Weapons alone, and carry such Slave and Arms, or the Arms only, before a Justice of the Peace, and the Justice shall order the Arms to be forfeited, and 3 the

Part nr.

Antigua.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Carrying Arms.—Going abroad.—Detaining Slaves .—Enticing away.—Of Runaway

the fame are hereby declared to be forfeited to the Person or Persons that shall have seized the said Slave or Arms* but if there was a Ticket duly given for carrying the said Arms, and Redeemable if there the fame Ticket be loft; or was taken from the Slave, or the Slave being attendant that Day teexercise”11* on his Master to exercise, then upon Oath thereof made by the Owner, Matter, Mistress,

Renter, or Overseer, that such Ticket was so given, the Arms shall be again restored to the Owner.

XXXVI. And it is also further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person ,0i. Penalty on Per. whatsoever shall hereafter fell, barter, or give to any Slave, any Fire Arms, Cutlas, or offensive son« Wling Fire Weapons, except those given for watching, he, she, or they shall forfeit Ten Pounds lawful aave*,&C‘t#* Money of this I (land.

Anno 1702. N° 130;

An ACT for the better Government of Slaves and Free Negroes.

1. WE your Majesty’s most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief of Going abroad. the Leeward Charibbee I (lands, and the Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty’s Island of Antigua, humbly pray Your most sacred Majesty, That it may be Enabled, and be it, and NoPerson to permit it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Person whatsoever shall give leave Tkk«wSWhitePCT-on the Sabbath Day to any Slave under his or her Care, Charge, or Ownership (unless such son on Sunday on as usually wait on their Person, or in Liveries) to go out of their Plantations without a “kjrof j«. Ticket, or White Servant with them, in which Ticket is to be exprefifed the Names and Numbers, and also to and from what Place, on Penalty of paying, for taking up such Slave as a Runaway, Three Shillings.

II. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall take up any Slave or Slaves belonging to another, and shall keep the said Slave or Slaves in his or their Custody or Plantation longer than Twenty-four Hours, without fending the said Slave or Slaves to the Owner or Owners they belong to (if he or they can any Ways know them) or without delivering the said Slave or Slaves to the Provost Marshal of this Island for the Time being, shall, for every Day each Slave shall be kept or entertained by him or them, after the First Twenty-four Hours, forfeit Twelve Shillings per Diem; and if the said Slave be of any Trade, Twenty-four Shillings per Diem for each Day such Slave or Slaves shall be by him or them knowingly entertained or employed j if under Six Pounds, to be recovered before any Two Justices, as in and by the Act of Courts is directed for Servants recovering their Wages, between the Months of August and March; if above, by Action of Debt at Common Law, in which no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

III. And if any Person shall privately delude, entice, or persuade any Slave or Slaves, being in quiet Possession of another, out of his or their Custody, by any Encouragement or Inducement whatsoever, shall be liable to the fame Penalty of every Day the said Slave or Slaves shall by their Means or Procurement desert their Owners or Mailers Service, as in case of entertaining a Runaway longer than Twenty-four Hours, to be recovered after the same Manner; but in case any Person shall violently, or by Force or otherwise, take any Person’s Slave or Slaves, out of his or their Plantation or Custody, shall be deemed guilty of Robbery, and indicted as in cases of Robbery; and in case any Person or Persons shall take away any Slave or Slaves, or endeavour to carry off from this Island, or delude away from their Owners, shall be guilty of Felony, and excluded the Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost Marshal of this Island, or his Deputy, shall be obliged to receive all Runaways brought to him into his Custody, and shall pay the Bringer Three Shillings for taking the said Runaway, and Nine Pence per Mile for as many Miles as the said Negro is brought to the Gaol from the Place taken at; and the said Marshal is to keep the said Slave or Slaves in safe Custody, and in a List at the Prison Door shall insert the Names of Negroes in his Custody, their Age, and their Matters Names, if known, against the said Negroes Names belonging to him; and in case the Marshal fail to pay the said Bringer, or receive the Slave or Slaves brought, or to put up their Names, he shall forfeit Five Pounds for every such Fault, to be recovered before a Justice.

VIII. And in case the Marshal shall wilfully or neglectfully suffer an Escape any Way whatsoever of the Slave by him received, or employ him in any Work, he shall pay the Owner, as in case of any Person detaining another’s Slave above Twenty-four Hours, until such Slave be delivered the Owner, or forfeit Fifty Pounds current Money; and in case any

Part III. 5 L Slave

Detaining

Sleeves.

Detaining another*! Slave 14. Hours, to pay 12 s. per Diem*

If a Tradesman,i4*. per Day.

If under 61. recoverable before Two J nil ices

if above, by Action at Law.

No Essoign, See,

Enticing away.

Enticing Slave, to pay the like, and to be recovered as before.

Taking Slave by Violence deemed Robbery 5

endeavouring to carry him off the Island, Felony without Benefit of Clergy,

Of Runaway

Slaves.

Marshal or Deputy to receive Runaways, and pay the Bringer 3 s- besides od. per Mile.

Slaves to be kept in Prison, and a List of their Names, &c. on Prison Door.

Marshal not paying the Bringer, nor putting up Slaves Names, to forfeit 51.

How recovered. Marshal suffering Slave to escape, or detaining him, to forfeit 50I.

or if he perish for Want, to forfeit 501.

PART. III.

Antigua*—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c._

Of Runaway Slavts*

Slave perish in Custody for Want, he /hall forfeit Fifty Pounds like Money. The Marshal Marshal'iFee*for to have Three Shillings for taking such Slave into his Custody, and Twelve Pence each

*'*“ Twenty-four Hours the Slave lies in Prison; as also upon the Marshal’s Delivery of any

Slave or Slaves to his Owner or Possessor, the Sum of Three Shillings, besides Nine Pence per Mile, which the Bringer of the said Slave or Slaves has received from the Provost Mar- shal, or his Deputy.

IX. And if any Slave or Slaves lie so long as Three Months, such Slave or Slaves is to be taken out, and sold at Outcry, for the Fees, by Order of Two Justices of the Peace, and the Overplus, if any be, after paying the aforesaid Fees, and all the abovementioned Charges, (hall' be returned to the Owner, or for Want of knowing such Owner, to the Treasurer for the Time being, to remain to the Use of the Public till the Owner shall appear; and the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, shall be obliged, upon Oath, to account and pay Once every Year at lead, unto the Treasurer for the Time being, all such Money, that such Negro Slave, or Slaves, or other Slaves, shall be sold for, on Forfeiture, for every such Neglect for not accounting and paying the said Money where no Owner is to be found, after his just Fees and Charges of Sale are deducted, Twenty Pounds for the Use of the Public of this Island, to be recovered as hereafter set down in this A&»

X. And be it also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person taking up a Runaway, and knowing his Master, either by the Slave’s Confession or otherwise, shall, oh Penalty of Forfeiture of Forty Shillings, carry such Slave so known, or cause him to be carried' to his Master or Owner, and not to the Gaol or Marshal, unless the Owner be unknown to him; and if any Owner or Master shall refuse to pay Three Shillings for taking such Slave up, and Nine Pence per Mile for the Distance he was taken up at (being brought to him) shall, besides the said Fees, forfeit Forty Shillings.

Marshal detaining XI., And if any Marshal or Deputy shall deny to deliver any Slave in his Custody, on Tender slave on Tender of cf his due Fees and Disbursements, he shall lofehis Fees, and forfeit Forty Shillings besides,. Fee«,t» eit4os. and pay, as in case of wrong detaining another’s Slave, for each Day de-i

tained.

XVI. And for the future be it Enabled, That what Slaves soever shall absent themselves from their Mailer’s or Mistresses Service during the Space of Three Months or upwards, shall be punished with Death, Loss of Limb or Member, or public Whipping, at the Discretion of Two Justices of the Peace, whom the said offending Slaves shall be brought before.

Person* killing* XIX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall kill a ind^Kf &C‘ Slave stealing> pr in Pursuit of him, being a Runaway, and refuse to submit, such Person shall not be liable to any Prosecution at Law, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Slaves absenting Three Months shall suffer Death, &c.

Perftms taking up Runaway to carry him to Owner, if known, under penalty of 40 s. Owner refuting to pay 3 s. and 9 d. per Mile to forfeit 40 s.

Slave lying Three Months in Gaol to be sold for the Fees, &c.

Marshal to account Annually for Slaves fold, under Penalty of aol*

Anno 1723. N° 176.

Slaves being a Year on the Island, and running away Three Months together, or Six Months in Two Years, adjudged Felons*

IV. And be itEnadled by the Authority aforesaid, That any Slave who hath been upon, or hereafter shall be upon this Island for the Space of One Year, shall absent or withdraw, or being now run away,. absent, or withdrawn from his or her Master’s, Owner’s, or Renter’s Service, shall continue so absent and withdrawn for the Space of Three Months from the Day of the Publication of this Act, or from the Time such Slave shall first absent, withdraw, or run away hereafter (the Months to be computed at Twenty-eight Days each) or if any Slave or Slaves having been, or that shall be on this Island for the Space of One Year, shall hereafter withdraw, absent, or run away from his Master’s Service at several Times within the Space of Two Years, amounting in all to Six Months, to be computed as aforesaid, all and every such Slave or Slaves shall be, and are hereby adjudged and declared to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as Felons.

- VI. And whereas’Negroes sometimes upon flight or no Occasions run away and absent themselves, in Gangs, from the Service.of their Mailers, Mistresses, or Renters, to the ruining and J . impoverishing of them, and to the Terror and Danger of His Majesty’s good Subjects, In-Slaves rumiing^away habitants of this Island; Be it therefore Enabled, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority bluffer Death, aforesaid. That if any Negroes, being of the Age of Sixteen Years and upwards, shall here-.

• after absent and run away in any Number or Gang, amounting to Ten in Number or upwards, from any one Plantation to which such Slaves, shall belong, and shall continue runaway or absent from their Service as aforesaid for Ten Days or more, then One of the said Negroes, such as the Justices shall think the greatest Offender, shall suffer Death as ’a.-Felon. ‘ . ....

5 La VIII. And l

l

Antigua.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &cc*

’ VIII. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if1 dhy Person or Persons, either per^ns ki'K.iT free or Have, shall kill in Pursuit, or take and apprehend alive (provfded such killing o.j SI tve rur. away taking be not within Thirty Days after the Publication of thi^ Act) any Slave whatsoever, who nas been absent from the Service of his or her Master, Mistress, or Renter, Three alive Ldconv^ud, Months and upwards (having been One Year on the Island) such Perforl so taking and 61-killing such Negro in Pursuit, shall receive Three Pounds lawful Money of this Island for every Slave so killed, and Six Pounds for every Negro so taken alive, so as the said Negro so taken aliv.e be convicted of the Crime of running away; and the Treasurer of Treasurer to p»y this Island, and his lawful Deputy, ate hereby authorized, required, and impowered to pay ^Cmificate and the Jaft-mentioned Rewards, upon due Proof on Oath made before a Magistrate of this r er’

Island, of such Slave’s being killed, ‘or upon the Conviction of the said Slave, and a |C.er-tificate of such Proof made of killing, or of such ‘Conviction, under the Hand of any Justice of Peace of this Island before whom such Proof of killing was made, or the Trial of the Slave had, and an Order thereon ligned by the Chief Commander then 6n the Island.;

IX. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall have Owner of slave any Slave guilty of running away, punishable by Death within this Act, killed in Pursuit, killed in PurJi.it, a*-' or shall be taken, convicted, and condemned to Death for running away, the Person or *orece°vetbe Persons owning and entitled to such Slave shall receive out of the public Treasury of this Value certified. Island the full Value of the Slave so killed, to be settled by the Oaths of Two free White Persons that know the Slave (if killed) to be sworn before some Justice of the Peace of this Island, and such Oath and Valua to- be certified by the Justice of Peace before whom taken, under his Hand and Seal; and if the Slave convicted, then the Value to be settled as usual in this Island, where Slaves are convicted of any other Felony. •. ‘ '

Part it!.'

Of Runaway Slaves,

X. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Negro or other Slave is run away from his or her Matter’s, Mistress’s, Owner’s, Or Renter’s Service, every other Negro, knowing of such running away, and shall entertain, harbour, receive, or conceal, or any ways aid, afiitt, comfort, afford or give Sustenance to such Slave so run away, shall, upon Conviction thereof before One Justice of the Peace, according to the Laws of this Island, for any such Offence be publicly whipped upon the bare Back, with any Number of Stripes, at the Discretion of the Justice; and if any free Person or Persons, knowing any Slave to be run away from the Service of his or her Master, Mistress, or Renter, shall enterT tain, harbour, receive, or conceal, or any ways aid, assist, comfort, or afford, or give Sustenance to any such Slave, such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit Ten Pounds current Money of this Island; and for she Second Offence, Twenty Pounds like Money; and for the Third Offence, Fifty Pounds, like Money, and shall be liable besides to be prosecuted, and pay to the Owner of such Slave all Forfeitures and Penalties laEid by‘ an Act of this Island, intituled, “ An Act for the better Government of Slaves and free Negroes,” dated on or about the Twenty-eighth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and Two; and if such free Person or Persons cannot immediately pay down the Fines hereby imposed for entertaining runaway Slaves, he, she, or they shall be imprisoned in the common Gaol of this Island, in lieu of the Fine, for the First Offence, Two Months; for the Second, Four Months; and for the Third Offence, Six Months, unless the Person or Persons offending shall redeem him, her, or themselves sooner, by paying the Fine, and all Costs and Fees due.

Slave concealing a Runaway to.be whip* petl.

free Perftmt ^retaining a Runaway to forfeit 101.

and liable to Ownerg Prosecution by A& of 8th June 170a*

Free Person not ablet to pay the Fine to be imprisoned for thi Firit Offence Two Months, &c. ’

XII. And for the more ready apprehending any Slaves runaway, Be it hereby further On Notice given Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Master, Owner; ^ea^ope^Doorsof or Renter of any Slave, or any other Person by his Directions, and in his Aid, to enter any Negro’sHouse with-Negro House belonging to any other Persons, and on Refusal of opening to break the Doors outa Warrant, of any Negro House, by Night or Day, to search for any such runaway Slave, without any Warrant from any Magistrate, having First immediately before given Notice thereof to the Master, Mistress, or Renter of the Plantation, if any such thereon living; and then at Home, or else to the Overseer or Manager, if at Home, or else to any White Person being there and belonging to the Plantation where Search is made; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever, Persons hindering either Master, Mistress, Owner, Renter, or Manager of,any. Plantation, shall hinder, oppose, fxceeding'io*.’ threaten, or deter any Person giving Notice, from making Search in their or any of their Ne- under s if gro Houses for Runaways, such Person shall pay and forfeit each:for every-such Offence a Fineilot exceeding Ten Pounds, nOr under five Pounds Current Money of this Island; and <• if any Person br Perforts shall make, or aid or assist in making, any fu.ch, Search, without First *1^' Notice of giving Notice, where any White Person is on the Plantation where such Search shall be made, Searfh7of abusing° according to the Tenor and Directions of this Act, or shall under Colour of such Search, beat, Slaves, liable to abuse, wound, or hurt any Slave or Slaves, without just Cause, the Offender or Offenders ,on* shall forfeit each, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor under Five Pounds, besides being liable to the /kftion of the Party injured for Damages.

3

*ART III.

Antigua*—*-Slaves; for their Regulation,-8cc.

Of Runaway Slaves.—-Various Offences of Slaves.

Colonel, &c. to wife XVI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice of the fin'uUngRunaways. Peace for this Island, or any Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain of the Militia, shall receive Information of the Residence or hiding Place of any runaway or fugitive. Slaves, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, Colonel, Lieutenant ColpneJ, Major,-or Captain of the Militia, to raise and arm any Number of Men not exceeding Twenty, to Person not going, or apprehend alive, or kill such runaway or fugitive Slaves j and if any Person being in 8twdnSwhenmfum- Health and able to travel, and being summoned or warned to go in quest of such runaway or moned, to forfeit jos. fugitive Slaves, shall neglect or refule to attend accordingly, and to go as directed by thp Justice of Peace or Officer of the Militia issuing or ordering such Summons, or to fend in his-stead an able and well armed White Man, such Person so neglecting or refusing to attend, himself, and not fending an able and well armed White Man in his Room, shall forfeit Thirty Shillings Current Money of this lstand.

Slaves run away above Two Months *gs. Reward for taking them.

Treasurer to pay it on Certificate and Order,

XVII. And be it also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whoever shall apprehend or' take a runaway Slave, who hath been absent from his or her Matter's, Mistress’s, Owner’s,^, Renter’s Service, Two Months or more, shall receive, as a Reward for apprehending and taking such Slave, Twenty-eight Shillings, to be paid out of the Public Treasury of -ehjs Island, on Proof made of such running away and taking, by the Oath of some White P^ruw, before a Justice of Peace, and the Justice’s Certificate to the Treasurer shall be sufficient^fdr’ such Payment, without further Order to the Treasurer. \

; r

Anno 1702. >1*130.

Various Offences of Slaves,

Slave sinking a White Person to be

whipped.

If a White Person be wounded, &c. the Slave's Nose to be flit, or Member cut off,

Exception.

Slave burning a House, &c. deemed a Felon,

Slave di(covering such Crime to a Justice, the Party to be committed, &c.

If Slave condemned, to be paid for by Appraisememj

and the Informer to hare 3I. See,

On frivolous Ocea-fione, Accuser to be whipped.

Slaves fighting, or drawing a Knife, to he whipped.

VI. AND if any sturdy Slave shall impudently strike or oppose any White.Person, ites Justice, upon Complaint or Proof made, shall order a Constable to cause such Slave 'to* be: publicly whipped at their Discretion; and if such White Person beany way hurt, woutukidy; or disfigured by any Slave’s Resistance, such offending Slave or Slaves shall have their Nose flit, or any Member cut off, or be punished with Death, at the Discretion of the Justices; falwa^s excepting that such Slave do not the fame by his or her Owner’s or Master’s Order, or in \ Defence of his or her Person or Goods; and it shall be lawful for all Persons to take away > from any Slaves any hurtful Clubs, or other mischievous Weapons whatsoever, unless such Slave or Slaves have any Charge of their Owner’s or Master’s Goods to defend.

Anno 1723. N*i76.

XVIII. AND be it, and it is hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be guilty of any enormous Crime, whereby the Life of any White Person shall be endangered or attempted, or any Dwelling House or Outhouse belonging to any White Person shall be burnt or attempted to be burnt, that then and in such Case such Slave or Slaves, and all his and their Accessaries, Concealers, and Abettors (being Slaves) shall be adjudged and are hereby made and declared Felons, and shall suffer Death therefore j and if any other Slave shall know of any such Crime as last mentioned intended to be done, and shall discover and give Notice thereof to any Justice of the Peace of this Island, such Justice shall cause the Slave or Slaves accused to be apprehended, and ifhe finds Grounds of just Suspicion, then he shall commit the Slave or Slaves accused to the Common Gaol, and give Notice thereof immediately to the next Justice of Peace, who shall take all proper Measures for bringing the Slaves accused to Trial, as in case of other Felonies; and if any of the accused shall be found guilty and condemned to Death, the Price shall be paid out of the publid Treasury to the Owner, to be settled by Appraisement as in other cases of Slaved condertined to Death for Felonies; and in such Case the Negro informing shall receive Th'rte Pounds Current Money of this Island, out of the public Treasury, upon producing a Certificate of the Accusation and Condemnation from any One of the Justices that fat on the Trial/ Which /hall be sufficient, without further Warrant, to the Treasurer; but if on the Trial tfieJAcdu-fation be found frivolous or groundless, the Accuser. shall have and receive a Punishment-try whipping, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty Lashes on the bare Back.

XXIX. And be it also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Slaves that’lh^ll be taken fighting, they shall be publicly whipped by Order of a Justice, at the Dilcrettbnbrthe Justice j and if any Slave draw a Knife, either in assaulting another, or in his own 'Dfeferfi^, he shall be publicly whipped, by like Order, at the Discretion of the Justice. - "f

3i ?r

"’j

Aflho

!. TJ

part iir.

intigua^Slaves; for their Regulation,

Anno 1702* N° 130

'trial of S', aves, and Proceeding

kll. AND it i$ further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid.That on Complaint made to any Trial of Slaves, Justice of any Crime done by any Slave or Slaves, such Justice shall issue out his Warrant for and Proceeding apprehending the Offenders, and for all Evidences; if the said Justice find such Crime not thereon. capital, he may appoint public Correction of such Slave, according to Discretion', and award °n Complaint of Satisfaction to the Panics injured, not exceeding Six Poufids; but if the Crime be heinous, or the Damage greater than Six Pounds, then the said Justice shall commit the said Offender* order Correaion, ex-to Prison; or take Security, at his Discretion, and then appoint a Day for the Witness to *n CaA.*, appear, which Crime, Day, and Time, such Justice is to certify to the next neighbouring Justice, who shall join with the aforesaid Justice at the Time and Day appointed as aforesaid; which said Two Justices ^according to the Evidences that shall be given before them) shall give Sentence as the Crime deferyeth, and the said Justices shall forthwith issue out their Warrant for executing the said Sentence, and such Justices may, if they fee fit, condemn any Slave to the Party injured, until the Owner pay such Damage as shall be by them adjudged to be paid to any Person injured.

XIII. And any Justice who shall neglect his Duty herein enjoined shall forfeit for each Time 120

offending Twenty Pounds; but in case more than One Slave be combining in a Crime, it is sil^omWnin|io at the Discretion of such Justices to adjudge One to Death for Example’s Sake, and save the Crime, One to be - Rest, and to command the other Owners to contribute, in Proportion, for the Slave dying, to ^moftbeother hlk Owner, as they judge the Value, and on Refusal of Payment such Justices are to issue Slaves to contribute Execution on their Goods and Chattels, and fell them at public Outcry, to satisfy the Money “werdbim executed, by them so appointed to be paid or contributed,

Xiv. And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave lose Life or Slave losing Life or Limb by Punishment for a Crime by his Master or the Justices Order, no Person shall be pi!!^,by

ZT xenon not liable to

liable to the Law for the fame. the Law.

XVII. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner of such Slave or if putto Death, 'Slaves as shall be punished with Death for the Offence aforesaid, shall be satisfied for the Loss luve,*]..

of such Slave, Eighteen Pounds Current Money, to be paid out of the public Treasury of this or ini' llland.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon any public The Charge of puu-Punishment that shall, by Sentence of any Justice or Justices, be in (lifted by virtue of this paidb^TVwLrer^if Act, the Charge incident thereto shall be born by the Public, and paid by the Treasurer by not exceeding ji. Order of the said Justice or Justices, provided the fame exceed not Five Pounds current Money.

XXIV. And whereas Persons who illegally detain other’s Negroes, and employ them in Paity summoned for their Services, do it so cunningly and secretly that Evidence by White Persons cannot be had E^hr° 10

against them; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Suspicion of any Days, such illegal detaining or employing, any Justice of the Peace shall and is hereby required to issue a Summons against the Party accused to attend at a certain Day to answer the Premises, and if not attended upon the First Summons shall issue a Second, requiring the Party or Parries accused to attend at any other certain Day, not exceeding Eight Days from the Date of each Summons, to answer the Premises, and being attended shall appoint any Day not exceeding the Time of Six Days for the Trial, of which the accused is to take Notice and attend accordingly; and the Justice is hereby impowered to issue Summons for Witnesses to witness.e to be fu*. attend, directed to a Constable, and on the Trial examine him, or her, or them accused, moned, and examin-

and all the Witnesses on hi,s or their Oath, and if Quakers On solemn Affirmations, concern- edon °ath*

ing the illegal detaining and employing; and if confeft by the Party or Parties accused, or proved by any other Evidence, such Justice shall give Judgment for the Party injured to recover Three Shillings and SixPence lawful Money of this Istand, against the Offender or Of- '^nmoB

fend era, for every Day he, she, or they detained such Negro or Negroes, for each Negro or J3. 6 a. per Day; if Negroes, if a common working Negro only, but if a Handicraft Tradesman, then'Seven a Negro Traderman, ' Shillings for each Day, besides a reasonable Sum for Costs. Coii»?r *y, WK

XXV. And the Justice giving Judgment shall make a Record of his Procedings, and re- justice to make a Re. turn it Umo the Secretary’s Office under his Hand and Seal, and the Complainant or Party of h|*Proceed-injwrcd may sue forth Execution thereon, after the Expiration of Six Days from the giving After six Days, Judgment, by a Warrant from under the Hand and Seal of the Secretary of this Island, or fn^’y°bbeo*^*y. tda lawful Deputy, directed to the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, or any Constable, and it an 0 “ r '

-foal) be levied on the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, and those immediately to be carried to the next Town, and sold by Outcry, at the Expence of the Offender or Offenders, and the £}ebt and Costs thereout satisfied j and in Default of Goods and Chattels sufficient of the Of- p,°^‘ pArx JII. 5 M fenders foned;

PART *IIf.

Antigua.- Slaves; for their Regulation, &o.

Trial of Slaves, and Proceeding thereon.

fenders to be found, he, she, or they shall be taken and imprisoned till Satisfaction made of Fees to Judges, &c. the Judgment, and all other Fees; and the Justice for hearing the Trial, and making up the Record, shall and may receive Twelve Shillings, and no more, and the Secretary Eighteen £ence for filing, dnd Three Shillings for issuing the Execution, and the Marshal, his.Deputy, or Constable, Six Shillings for executing the Warrant upon each Offender’s Body,. if no Goods or Chattels, and if levied on Goods and Chattels, then only Six Shillings, and Eighteen Pence in the Pound for levying and felling.

Recovery before Justice, a Bar*

sol. Penalty on Contempt of Summons, to be recovered before a Justice.

Witness not attending :o forfeit 5I. to . the Party-grieved, See.

XXVI. And such Recovery before a Justice of Peace shall be a Bar to any further Prosecution whatsoever for the fame Offence or Offences of detaining and employing other Slaves.

XXVII. And if the accused, after knowing the Day of Trial,or any Person or Persons whatsoever being duly summoned, by the Space of Twenty four Hours, by Writing, to attend at the Day of Trial as Witnesses or otherwise, shall neglect then to attend, the Party accused shall forfeit Ten Pounds lawful Money, to be recovered before any One Justice of the Peace, and levied, by his Warrant to a Constable, on the Offender’s Goods, and sold as last mentioned in case of Executions levied, to the Use of the Party complaining; and every Witness duly summoned, and being able to attend, and not attending, shall forfeit Five Pounds*to the Party grieved, to be recovered as last mentioned; and then another Day, on Failure of the accused Party’s attending, or the attending of any material Witness summoned, shall be grant-' cd for Trial, on the Party’s desiring such further Day, his paying such Costs down for the other’s Delay as the Justice before whom the Trial was to have been shall award.

Justire neglecting to try Slaves in 16 Days, to forfeit 101.

How recovereJ.

The Ufts of the Forfeitures.

NoEfloign, See.

Anno 1723. N°i76.

VII. And whereas Complaints are frequently heard, that the Magistrates of this Island re* fuse or neglect, on Application made, to fit, hear, and determine cases of Negroes charged •with running away for such Space of Time as amounts to a Felony, or with any other Felo-» nies, by which Means the Laws are rendered ineffectual, and Negroes and Slaves grow more insolent and ungovernable; Be it therefore hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice of the Peace in this Island shall hereafter refuse or neglect, upon Application to him made, immediately to take and use proper Measures for the Trial of any Slave or Slaves, and effectually to finish such Trial in Ten Days after required, for any Felony committed by or charged upon any Slave, either by running or absenting from his Mailer’s Service, or otherwise, or of any other Crime of lower Nature charged on any Negro or Slave whatsoever* such Justice shall forfeit Twenty Pounds lawful Money of this Island, to be recovered by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record within this Island,.or by Indictment or Information before Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or Justices of Peace at their Sessions, One Moiety to the Prosecutor or Informer, and the other Moiety to the.Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be paid into the public Treasury of this Island, towards carrying on the Fortifications thereof, and the Party prosecuting shall rer cover his full Coll of Suit; and in such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

aforesaid, That all. Slaves and executed in like Manner as Slaves for other Crimes are tried and adjudged by the Laws and Usages of this Island now in Force, and, where condemned to Death, shall be appraised in like Manner; and if the Two Justices before whom Negroes are tried, cannot agree in their Judgment, then they may and shall immediately call a Third Justice of the Peace to their Assistance, and the Cafe shall be determined by the Agreement of any Two of them j and in all Trials of Slaves, the Justice or Justices shall and may hear the Evidence of any other Slave, and shall gfte such Credit thereto as the Justice or Justices shall think it in Conscience deserves.

How slaves to be XI. And be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority

tried by this Act, &c. triable by virtue of this Act, shall be tried, adjudged, punished.

July 8, 1784.

An ACT for settling and regulating the Trial of criminal Slaves by Jury.

WHEREAS it has been found by Experience that the Laws now in Force for the Trial of criminal Slaves 'are attended with many and great Inconveniences from there being no Jury to determine the FaCl, whether such Slave or Slaves is or are guilty, but that the whole Matter bf Fad, as well as of Law, is to be determined by the Magistrates who generally prt-fide at the Trial of such criminal Slave or Slaves; to remedy such Inconveniences, we yoilr Majesty’s most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief of your 5 Majesty’s

Antigua.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c. part m.

‘Trial of Slaves, and Proceeding

Majesty’s Leeward Charibbee IQands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island Antigua, humbly pray Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be Enacted and Ordained, and be it, and it is hereby Enabled and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid,

That u'pon Complaint made to~any Justice within this Island of any heinous or grievous Crime, or felonious Act or Acts committed or done by any Slave or Slaves, the said Justice shall issue his Warrant for apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and shall summon all Persons and Slaves to come before him that can give Evidence thereof, and if upon Examination it probably appeareth that the apprehended is or are guilty, he shall commit him, her.

Or them to Prison, and also within Ten Days after such Commitment shall certify to some One Justice of the Quorum, if he be not of the Quorum himself, the Cause of such Commitment, and require him, by virtue of this Act (and such Justice is upon such Certification hereby required) to associate himself to him, and they so associated are hereby Empowered and required to try the said Offenders or Offender, within Ten Days after the said Certification, at the Court House in the Town of Saint John, in this Island, and to cause the Offenders or Offender and Evidences to come before them, and also to issue their Warrants, under their Hands arid Seals, to any Constable of the said Town of Saint John directed, authorizing and requiring the said Constable to summon Six reputable inhabitants (being Whites) of this Island, to meet them the said Justices at the said Coure House in the said Town of Saint John, at such Time as they shall think proper-(provided always, that Twelve Hours Notice be given to the said Inhabitants) to act as Jurors; to whom the following Oath shall be administered: “ You shall, to the belt of your Judgment “ and Knowledge, impartially try the Prisoner or Prisoners now before you, and true Ver-“ dict give, according to the Evidence. So help you, God.” And the said Two Justices and Six Inhabitants (being Whites) shall constitute, and are hereby declared to be a Court and Jury, with full Power to hear and determine all Evidences, Proofs, and Testimonies (the Testimony of one Slave against another being always to be admitted) and if by positive or circumstantial Proof, they the said Six Inhabitants (being Whites) in their Capacity as Jurors, shall find such Slave or Slaves guilty of the Offences or Offence of which such Slave or Slaves is or are charged, then the said Two Justices shall pass Sentence of Death, or other Punishment, upon such Slave or Slaves, according to the Nature of the Offence or Offences; apd in.case Sentence of Death be passed upon any such Slave or Slaves, then they the said Justices shall forthwith issue their Warrant to the Provost Marshal of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, to cause Execution to be done on such Slave or Slaves, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, not being before the Fourth Day after Condemnation j and the said Justices are hereby required to give Notice of the said Sentence of Death so passed to the Person.who is Chief in Command in this Island for the Time being, within Thirty-six Days thereafter; and in case the said Offences or Offence of which such Slave or Slaves is or are charged and found guilty of, is or are such as by the Law Sentence of Death cannot be passed on such Slave or Slaves, but only deserving corporal Punishment, then the said Two Justices may and are hereby authorized and impowered to inflict or cause to be inflicted such corporal Punishment on such Slave or Slaves as they shall think proper, and in such Place and <at such Time as they shall think most adviseable; and the said Six Inhabitants (being Whites) shall enquire into the Damages sustained by the Offences or Offence committed by ’

such Slave or Slaves, and after the same shall be ascertained, such Slave or Slaves shall bri delivered to the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves, upon his, her, or their paying of such Damages to the Party injured j but if such Owner or Owners refuse to pay the Amount of such Damages, it shall and may be lawful for the said Two Justices and Six Inhabitants (being Whites) and they are hereby authorized and impowered to adjudge such Slave1 Or Slaves to be the Property of the Party or Parties injured, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever: Provided always, that the said Recompence shall be given in Evidence upon any Action that may be brought for the fame Matter, and shall be held as a sufficient Bar thereto in any Court of Record in this Island,

And, that the Magistrates and Inhabitants of this Island nriay not refuse or riegledf, on Application made, to fit, hear, and determine cases of Slaves, as by this Law directed to do;

Be it therefore Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice, upon Application to him made, or any Inhabitant (being a White) after he shall be duly summoned, shall refuse or neglect to take and use proper Measures for the Trial of any Slave or Slaves, and effectually to finish such Trial in Ten Days after required, for any Felony or other Offence or Offences herein expressed, committed by, or charged upon any Slave or Slaves whomsoever, such Justice of this Island, or Inhabitant thereof (being a White) shall severally forfeit Twenty founds current Money of this Island, to be recovered by of Debt in any Court.or

Courts of Record in this Island, and one Half of such Penalty shall be, paid to any Informer who shall sue for the same, and the other Half tb the TJfe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be applied for the Support of the Government of this Island, and the public Charges thereof: And the said Justices not making a Report of the Sentence as above di-8 reeled

PARf III.

Antlgu&j^-Slaves; for their Protection, fltc*

Holydays.

reded shall forfeit Twenty Pounds, like (torrent Money, to be recovered and appropriated as above mentioned.

And it is hereby Enacted,-That this Act shall be and continue in Force for Three Years from the Date hereof, and from thence to the next Meeting of the Council and Assembly of this Island,

Slaves; for their Protection, &c«

Anno 1723. N° 176.

Holydays. XXXII. AND whereas great Disorders have happened, and Murders have been committed Slaves to be allowed by Slaves, because their Matters have not allowed them the fame Number of Days for iheTwaa"Da"* *heir Recreatk>n at Christmas as several of their Neighbours have done} Be it therefore, and for their Recreation, it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners, Matters, Managers, and Renters of Slaves within this Island shall allow to their Slaves (except those necessary about their Houses) Christmas Day and the Two Days next following, as Play Days for their Re-Persona not allowing creation, and no more or other Days during the Twelve Christmas Holidays; and if any those Days, or allow- Person, Matter, Owner, or Renter, or Manager of any Plantation do not allow their Slaves others, to forfeit the farne Days as above-mentioned for their Recreation, and as Holidays, or shall allow any other or more Days in the Christmas Holidays, the Person or Persons offending Stall each forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Current Money of this Island.

Commanding offi- XXXIII. And for the better putting in Execution this Act, Be it Enacted by the Authority fonVwHde^th" Per* aforesaid. That the commanding Officer of the Troop of Carbineers and the commanding Roundson'christmas Officer of each Regiment of Foot are respectively hereby required to summoo all Persons Day and Two Days under their particular Commands to ride the Rounds on every Christmas Day and the Two aext 0 owing, &c. j}ayS next following, from Eight of the Clock every Morning until Ten of the Clock every Evening of the fame last-mentioned Days; and every Person who rides the Rounds shall Once a Day, when he is on the Rounds, rendezvous at the Chief Commander’s House of the Officer negleaing his Division; and no Person shall be compellable to ride out of the Division where he lives; and *° fprf<r* ,ol‘i every Officer of the Militia neglecting his Duty herein shall forfeit Ten Pounds Current o er erons,j. tj,is {Qaud. and every other Person duly summoned and neglecting shall forfeit

Five Pounds like Money.

Srwdeu'in^idin XXXVII. And for preventing Disorders by those who ride the Rounds according to the Rounds to for'feit5 Direction of this Act, if any Person so riding the Rounds shall break up any Negro Houses, or beat or abuse any Slave, unless in Pursuit of runaway or criminal Slave flying or refitting, and due Notice of such Pursuit given to the Matter, Mistress, Owner, Renter, or Manager having the Care of such Plantation, every Offender shall forfeit Ten Pounds lawful Money of this Island.

XL. And whereas several cruel Persons, to gratify their own Humours, against the Laws of God and Humanity, frequently kill, destroy, or dismember their own and other Persons Slaves, and have hitherto gone unpunished, because it is inconsistent with the Constitution and Government of this Island, and would be‘too great a Countenance and Encouragement to Slaves to resist White Persons, to set Slaves so. far upon an Equality with the Free Inhabitants, as to try those that kill them for their Lives, nor is it known or practised in any of the Cha-ribbee Islands, that any free Person killing a Slave is triable for his Life, but particular Laws (of which we are not provided) are made in several of them, for punishing the aforesaid Crimes, and are found very effectual in deterring Persons from such Crimes.

FVee Persons inclinable for killing * Siavef Sec.

XLI. Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any free Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully kill or cause to be killed any Slave whatsoever, either belonging to himself or another, in any such Manner as is not excusable by the Laws of Great Britain, or allowed by the Laws of this Island, whether the fame be by excessive Punishment, or otherwise, or shall geld or dismember any such Slave, that then such Person or Persons foalf and may be prosecuted by Presentment. Indictment, or Information, before Justices of the Peace in their Sessions, or Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, and upon Conviction of any such killing, the Offender or Offenders shall be fined each, in any Sum not

under

Antigua.—Slaves; for their Protection, &c;

linder One hundred Pounds nor exceeding Three hundred Pounds lawful Money of this Island, and be imprisoned till Fine paid, and all due Fees, and find Sureties for their good Behaviour for One Year; and in case of gelding or dismembering, and Conviction thereof, the Offender or Offenders shall each be fined any Sum not under Twenty Pounds, nor above One hundred Pounds lawful Money of this Island, and be imprisoned in the common Gaol till the fame be paid, and find Sureties for their good Behaviour for a Year, so as the Prosecution be commenced in One Year after the Offence of killing, gelding, or maiming be committed* and not after, and shall likewise pay double Damages and Costs to the Party grieved, to be recovered by Action of Trespass in any Court of Record in this Island, the Moiety of which Fines for killing, gelding, or dismembering a Slave, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be paid into the public Treasury of this Island, to be employed towards repairing the Forts and Fortifications of this Island, and the other Half to the Informer prosecuting therefore.

Anno 1702. N° 130*

XXII. AND be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Free Negroes,

Mulattoes, or Indians, not having Land, shall be obliged, in Thirty Days after the Date hereof, to choose some Master or Mistress to live with, who shall be owned by them, and with whom they shall live and take their abode, to the Intent that their L ives and Conversations may be known, to be called to their respective Duties; and if any Free Person, not being a White, shall presume to strike a White Servant, he shall be by Order of the next Justice (on Prdof of his striking) severely whipped, at the Discretion of the said Justice j and that all Persons who are not Whites, and are fit to go out to Trades, shall be bound Apprentice to any Person that will receive them for Seven Years (unless they choose a Master or Mistress to be bound to) by the next Justice, who shall be informed of such Persons, and who is immedi-

ately to cause them to be bound in Ten Days after such Information to any willing to receive them, under Penalty of forfeiting Ten Pounds.

XXIII. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no Free Negro shall be Owner or Possessor of more than Eight Acres of Land, and in no Cafe shall be deemed and accounted a Freeholder: Always provided. That if any Negro ever bepoflefied of more than Eight Acres of Land, in his own Right, may within Six Months make Sale of the Overplus of the said Land, and for Want of Sale of the said Land in the aforesaid Time, the said Overplus above Eight Acres to be forfeited to the Queen.

XXIV. And be it further Enacted, That if any Minister of this Island shall marry any free Person to any Slave in this Island, such Minister shall forfeit to the Use of the Public Fifty Pounds Current Money, to be recovered by Warrant under the Hand of the Governor in Chief, Deputy Governor, or President for the Time being of said Island, in Nature of an Execution directed to the Provost Marshal of this Island, who shall levy the same.

PART III.

Free Neg,

Ufci of the Finn,

Free Negroes.

Free Negroes, &c, having no Land, to choose a Matter in Thirty Days to live with.

Fret Negro striking White Servant to be whipped.

Negroes fit for Trades to be bound for Seven Years*

No free Negro shall possess above Eight Acres of Land, nor be a Freeholder.

Such Person having above Eight Acres may (ell it in Six Months, or else the Overplus forfeited to the Queen.

Minister marrying free Person to a Slave shall forfeit 501 to be recovered by Governor's Warrant.

XXV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Free Person so The Free Person so marrying such Slave shall pay to the Owner of the Slave he hath married the Sum of Twenty foowner*

Pounds, or be obliged, by Order of Two Justices, to serve for Four Years; all the aforesaid or serve Four YearL Forfeitures to be to the same Uses, and recovered after the same Manner as before recited in How recovered, this Act.

XXVI. And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person White Person beau shall strike, beat, or otherwise abuse any Free Negro, Indian, or Mulatto, on Proof thereof £u^d7o^®on*to made to any Justice of the Peace, he shall be bound over to the Sessions, and be punished be punished. at the Discretion of the Justices then fitting, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Part III.

J N MONTSERRAT.

PART III.

MONTSERRAT.

The Law of this ftland respecting Slaves is contained in the following Acts* paflfcd

Anno 167$.

1693.

I7H-

1736.

*779*

The Four First of which are to be found ih a printed Volume of the Laws of this Island*

dated 1740.

Slaves considered as Property. -

Value of Slaves killed or maimed) or

Anno 1693. N° 36*

Viri. AND it is moreover Provided and Enacted, That where Two Slaves shall fall out and Value of jr\ fight, and one maim or kill the other, it shall lie at the Person’s Discretion whose Slaves -Negro shall be either maimed or killed, whether, for the First Offence, the Negro who com- ledormaim~ mitted the same shall suffer Whipping, or for the latter Death, or to receive such Satisfaction of ed» the Owner of such Negro as the Governor and his Council shall adjudge sufficient.

IX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person shall attempt to (teal or take off this Aland, in any Ship, Boat, Sloop, Canoe, Bark, Logg, or other Vessel, any Negro or Negroes, he shall for Offering the fame forfeit Five thousand Pounds of Sugar, or lie in close Prison for the Space of Six Months; and whatsoever Person or Perfoqs shall (leal and carry off from this Island any Negro or Negroes, in any such Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, shall and are hereby esteemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall not have the Benefit of their Clergy.

Anno 1714* N° 62*

An ACT for repealing a certain Clause in an Act, made in the Reign of King William, intitled, " An Act to restrain the Insolencies of Slaves, and for “ preventing them from committing any Outrages, as also for the better order-“ ing such Slaves.”

I. WHEREAS, by an Act confirmed by King William, of glorious Memory, upon the yaiue of •Thirty-first Day of December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred Ninety- exe-

fix, intitled, “ An Act to restrain the Insolencies of Slaves, and for preventing them from committing any Outrages, as also for the better ordering such Slaves,’’ it is especially provided for, in One Clause of the said Act, c< That if any Negro or Negroes shall be executed by «* suffering Death, that the Owner or Owners of such Negro or Negroes shall receive and be paid out of the public Treasury of this Island the Sum of Three thousand Five “ hundred Pounds of Muscovado SugarAnd whereas it is now found by E xperience (to the great Delay of Justice) that several Negroes having committed great Crimes and Misdemeanors, who in all Probability would have suffered Death, provided they had been brought to Justice, but the Owner or Owners of the aforesaid Negroes, not esteeming the aforesaid Quantity of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds of Muscovado Sugar" sufficient and of full Value for the aforesaid Negroes, have endeavoured to coneeal the said Negroes, rather than bring them to Justice; we therefore pray your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be Enacted and Ordained, and be it, and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained, by the.Commander in Chief of all your Majesty’s Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the President,

Council, and Assembly of Montserrat, That every Clause, Article, Thing or Things, of the aforesaid Act, in relation to the Payment of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds of Muf-Pakt III. 5 O covado

PART HI.

Montserrat:—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Value of Slaves executed.—Planting Indigo, &c. . ... \

covado Sugar, out of the Public Treasury of this Island, to the Owner or Owners of such Negro or Negroes that shall be so put to Death, shall from henceforward, to all Joteota, , and Potpofes whatsoever, be repealed, made void, and of none Effect. iV (;

II. And -be It further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fubli-cation of this Act, every Owner or Owners of any Negro or Negroes, which shall be so put to Death, shall be paid, from and out of the Public Treasury of this Island, so much Money or Sugar that any such Negro or Negroes shall be appraised or deemed to be worth, immediately after Inch Negro or Negroes shall have received Judgment to suffer Death; which Appraise-menciirto be made by the Lieutenant Governor, or President and Council of this Island, and such Appraisement to be entered in the Book of Records of the Council, by the Secretary of the Council; any Law, Custom, Or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstandingr

IHi. Provided, That nothing in this Act shall be deemed, construed, or taken to repeal or . make void any other Clause, Article, Thing or Things, in the aforementioned Act.

Slaves; for their Regulation, See.

- Anno 1736. N° 11

’ ' ‘ A1* ACT for the further Restriction of Slaves, by prohibiting tftent-

.from planting any Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa, and fronfr ' , keeping a public Market on Sundays; and for further re draining been--'

tious Meetings of Negroes.

Planting, I. "WHEREAS it appears that the Laws now in Force relating to Negroes and Slaves, are

Indigo,&c. not extensive enough to restrain them; and that Lenity and Indulgence, instead of producing the desired Effects, have rather given Encouragement to Robberies and Disorders, by furnishing Pretences whereby the Offenders often escape Punishment: And whereas the Labour and Industry of many of the poorer Sort of People of this Island is defeated by the Thefts of Slaves, who, under Colour of planting Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, and Cocoa, for1 their Ufeydo often steal the said Commodities, to the great Loss and Detriment of the Planters Thereof: And whereas the said Commodities, or any stolen Goods or Provisions, may eafHy b^disposed of without the Knowledge of the Owners, at the public Market which Slaves' trive been suffered to keep on the Lord’s Day, whereon great Numbers of them aifemb1e)! in and about the Towns of Plymouth and Kinfale, and other Parts of the Island, . frequency; committing Riots and Disorders, to the great Terror and actual endangering of the Tflhabjtants: For preventing therefore, as far as may be, such Abuses for the future, we your' Majesty’s most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief of all yOdr Majesty’s Leeward Charijbbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty’s Island of ' Montserrat, humbly pray your most sacred Majesty that it may be Enacted and Ordained; and be it, and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person whatsoever. Owner or Possessor of Slaves, that shall permit his or her Slave or Slaves to plant or gather Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa, for the Use of such Slave or Slaves, such Master, Owner, or Possessor shall forfeit Ten Pounds lawful Money of this Island; and if any White Man, Free Negro, or Free Mulatto, shall expose.to Sale any Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa, suspected to appertain to a Slave, f$y Just ice of the Peace may cause the Party suspected, and having the Indigo, Cotton, Giqger, Coffee, or Cocoa in Possession, to be brought before him, and to make Oath before him, that the Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa, doth not directly or indirectly belong to any Slave; and if the Party refuses to make such Oath, any the aforesaid ...,.s ^ymmodities, shall befeized byithejoftice’a Order, and become forfeited to the Use of the * *.^.Jgfor^ji^j,-.and if any Perfo^ or Perfofss whatsoever shall hereafter buy, barter, truck, for, or otfc^ydfe receivbfrort> any 81avet or-Slaves, any Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa, such Person; or Pe^foni If© xjfEendingishall upon Conviction, by the Oath of One credible With^jfif* Justice iof> the:Peace, be bound over by the said Justice to thpgoqd

Behavjoj# oBtiLthe nftxf General Sessions of the Peace and Gaol Delivery, and there be fined,|V)ti(.%xpfffiding Twea^ Poundsi, I nordefs than -Five Pounds, Current Monejr of this Island,i.i8fl44n,<?afe-fi|oh/Perfan-or;Persons *bc unable, or refuse or neglect to pay the fame i$i<Q a: “da?',.h .’I •' ‘ '• ’ tine

.V-C-T

Montfertat.+^SteLves; for iKeif'RegtilaHon/SccV

PART III.

Planting Indigo,&c.—Trading with Slaves.-—Going abroad.—Planting Cotton.

Fine IfamecKatefy; then, and in such Casef such. Per^r^gf ^sr^ps fh^U complitted tt> the ' ConriWrori <}&ol of this Island, there'to remain Tor,4}\e &pace. of-Months^ or-ejfcljef publicly whipped, at the Discretion of the Justices; and the aforesaid Fine or Fines‘lhalL be to t^e Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to bepaidinto the-Public TrealiirjL of this Island, towards carrying on the Forts* Fortification?; or other public Works of* tlra

Island.

And he'if further Enacted by the Authority, aforesaid. That if anyNrgcoes'blr other :r Slaves-flrali l<eep any Market within the Towns of Plymouth or Kinfafe* or jin other .-v:

Paris dr Places within this Island, and shall carry or fell any provisions pr other Goods; ‘"in'. * any tif the aforesaid Towns or Places, of the Lord’s Day, it shall and anaj be lawful for . any Person or Persons io take the said Provisions or other Goods from any such Slave or Slaves, and convert them, to their own proper JJfej and the Person is hereby further-jrrv- powered to give such Slave'or Slaves a moderate Whipping.

II. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever Trading shall buy, barter, truck for, or receive any Provisions or other Goods, from any Slave, in any with of the aforesaid Towns or Places, or shall fell any Rum or Punch,- or other Liquors, or any Slaves. Sort of dry Goods, by Barter or otherwise, on the Lord’s Day, he shall forfeit Five Pounds Current Money for each Offence.

III. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall give Leave to any Slave under his or her Care, Charge, or Ownership (unless such as usually wait on their Person) to go to either the aforesaid Towns on Sundays, notwithstanding such Slave carry with him nothing to fell, without a Ticket, in which Ticket is to be expressed his or her Name: And the Con (tables in the said Towns are hereby strictly charged and commanded diligently to examine any Negro or other Slaves; that shall come into any the aforesaid Towns on Sundays; and if they have no Tickets as aforesaid, the said Constables are hereby impowered to take up and whip such Slaves, not exceeding Thirty-nine Lashes, and shall be' paid for their Trouble Six Shillings,- out of the public Treasury; but if any of the said Constables shall be remiss, or neglect their Duty herein, he or they shall,for(ei^, j for every such. Offence, Forty Shillings Current Money,

\1\ ish i>

- Anno 1693. N° 36; ' f-':

III. AND lince, by the often and frequent Meeting of the Negroes on the Lord's Day, mod of the Mischiefs which happen are then by them plotted and contrived; and seeing t

Matters, Mistresses, and Overseers are very negligent in their several Plantations* Be k •/.<-. therefore further Enabled and Ordained, That no Person whatsoever, being. Qwijers or-CjyfcrrwKR leers, give Leave to any Negro Slave under their Ownership Or Charge, to depjtft # lpaVOi- jTls their Plantations on the Sunday without a Ticket, expressing his or the^r Businesse, and Whl-H ther going, upon Penalty of Three hundred Pounds of Sugar, and having their Negroes:; severally Whipped by the Owner or Owners of such Plantations where they shall be found <ttv ;>•--taken without a Ticket; and any Owner of a Plantation, Qr(pverfecn, ,who shall n^gM^dO'f ! punish, as aforesaid, any Negro without a Ticket, being found irt'^ii.P.l^fdQpi';bi».9ii4ee{ V, his Care or Charge, shall forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds.of Sugar,- <; '.ui'I

Going

abroad.

f,

th; vti v

Anno 1779, N° 209* .

Ah ACT to prevent the purchasing of Cotton from, Slaves,.and ilfo ftolenCo^toti from any Person or Persons whatsoever; also, laying'a: Penalty dtl Perfoas who^ " shall suffer their Slaves to plant and gather Cotton, or who shall purchase Cotton; from Slaves.

J

I. WHEREAS the Laws-now in Force in this Island,: perihibitingi Slavesd'rbm1;planting ’ Planting Cotton, have been found to be ineffectual for answering, itbb Purpoftsi thpTeby Intended;' ' Chtton. Slaves n6t only continuing to plant Cotton, nckwi*hftarKiidgalwdfoi^ajdiPit^bitk>ri^l <tWt10 l;’ frequently vending stolen Cotton to White Persons And Others^ imLtheifaidillland^ toiehe gtfeat Prejudice of the White Planters thereof:- And whereas.CatfartiWclal ts thdGdmftlodiy, which the Popr of this'lflarid are principally foppprtsed j'.Fbrtprra'OTcic^'thertfortj'as' ftfas" * may be, such Abuses, and the said Injuryidpoe the -pooa I^aiim^tsatf^this.-IflaBdi'so# thet^'‘i.: ‘ future, and fpf the encouraging the; PUnting-ofCkKtoh incChtfilfland)by th,e poorilnhk^itSnwJ11 r ;11 thereof;: we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chifcf of all

4 your

part nr. . Montserrat.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Planting Cotton.

your Majesty’s Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty’s island of Montserrat, humbly pray your most sacred Majesty that it maybeEnafted and Ordained; and be it, and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid* That from and after the Publication of this Act, every Person and Persons lading on Board any Ship or Vessel in any of the Roads in this island, any Cotton Wool, as of the Growth or Product of this island, shall, before the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel procure an Affidavit, signed and sworn to before some Justice of the Peace in the said island, either by the Grower, Maker, or Shipper of such Cotton, or his or their known Agent, Manager, Overseer, or Apprentice, expressing the Number (which Number shall not be expressed in Figures, but specified at full Length in Words at large) and Marks of the said Bags or Packages, and describing the Name or Names of the Plantation or Plantations, Land or Lands, where the fame grew or were produced j which Affidavit shall be attested, under the Hand of the said Justice of the Peace, to have been sworn to in his Presence, who is hereby required to do the fame without Fee or Reward; and which said Affidavit shall be delivered to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs of the said island, who is hereby directed to receive the same without Fee or Reward, previous to the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel.

.And whereas Cotton Wool is sometimes imported into the said island from Colonies belonging to his Majesty, or from foreign Colonies, in order to be exported to Great Britain or elsewhere; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Cotton Wool shall be actually imported into and landed in this island, and shall be afterwards shipped and loaded on Board any Ship or Vessel in any of the Ports of the said island, every Person so shipping or loading the said Cotton Wool shall, before the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel, produce and deliver to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs of the said island, an Affidavit, signed and sworn to before some Justice of the Peace in the said island, by such Shipper, or his or their known Agent or Factor, expressing the Number and Marks of the said Bags or Packages, and that the fame is not of the Growth of this island i which Affidavit shall be attested under the Hand of the said Justice of the Peace to have been sworn to in his Presence, who is hereby required to do the fame without Fee or Reward j and which said Affidavit shall be delivered to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs of the said island, who is hereby directed to receive the same without Fee or Reward, previous to the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel.

V

II. And whereas some Persons in the said island, notwithstanding the Penalty imposed by an Act of jhis island on such Owners or Possessors of Slaves as shall permit their Slave or Slaves to plant or gather Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa for the Ule of such

' Slave or Slaves, Hill permit their Slaves to plant and gather Cotton for the Use of such Slaves, to the great Detriment of the White (more particularly the poor) Planters, thereof; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons whatsoever. Owner or Possessor, or Owners or Possessors of Slaves, that shall permit his, her, or their Slave or Slaves to plant or gather Cotton for the Use of such Slave or Slaves, such Mailer, Owner, or Possessor shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Current Money of the said island, over and above the Sum of Ten Pounds Current Money of the said island, already imposed by virtue of an Act of the said island in such Case made and providedwhich said Sum of One hundred Pounds shall be recovered as is directed by the aforesaid Act.

III. And in order to prevent, as far as may be, the purchasing of Cotton from Slaves in the said island, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons in the said island shall, after th« Publication of this Act, purchase from any Slave or Slaves in the said island any Cotton Wool, such Person or Persons, on being convicted thereof by Oath before any Magistrate of the said island, by the Oath of One credible Witness/.shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Current Money of the said island, to be recovered by

• Bill,- Plaint, or Information, in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench and Common Pleas of the said island •, which said Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also the other Penalties hereby imposed, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of this island, to be applied to the Repairs of the Forts and Fortifications thereof. -

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there shall be probable Caule to suspect that any Person hath purchased stolen Cotton from any White or other Person,. or Cotton from Negroes, which hath been planted and gathered by Negroes, that on Information thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the said island, it lhaM and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required so to do, to summon the Person or Persons who fhalr bofufpeftea to have purchased such Cotton, to appear before such Justice of the Peace, to' prove, either by the Oath of such respective Person, or that of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, how he came by such'Cotton j and in case the Person or Persons who shall

5 be

Mo7Ltferrat,*-~$\xvt&; for their Regulation, &c*

PART III.

Planting Cotton.—-Beating Drums.—Searching Negro

be suspected of having purchased such Cotton in Manner aforesaid, shall refuse or omit to give such Proof, that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required to issue his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, against such Person or Persons, commanding him, her, or them to appear before him in reasonable Time, tsolhew Cause why the aforesaid Penalty, hereinbefore imposed on the Purchasers of stolen Cotton, or Cotton planted and gathered by Negroes for their own Use, should not be levied on such Person or Persons Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements, or in Default thereof why Execution should not issue against the Body or Bodies of such Person or Persons i and in Cafe such Person or Persons so summoned should neglect or refuse to attend, at the Time to be mentioned in such Warrant, then, on Oath made of the Service of such Warrant or Summons, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate, who is hereby required to do the fame, to issue an Execution under the Hand and Seal, directed to the Provost Matflial of the said Island, or his lawful Deputy, directing him to levy the Did Penalty, with all reasonable Colts, on the Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements, of such Person, and for want thereof, to take the Body or Bodies of such Perlori or Persons,

»nd him, her, or diem to keep in Custody in the Common Gaol of this Eland, for the Space of.Threo Calendar Months, unless in the mean Time the said Penalty an^ reasonable Colts Are paid and Satisfied.

IV. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T^hat any Person or Persons swearing falsely, in any Affidavit required to be taken by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Penury, and Ije deemed liable to be prosecuted in,all Respects as Persons guilty, of Perjury arcin. Great Britain , any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wire notwithstanding. '

Anno 1736, N° 112.

V. AND be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Matter, Mistress, Beating Owder, or Rent* of any Plantation in this Eland, being thereupon resident, and not being abroad from his or her Plantation, and where none such resident on the Plantation, then if any 'Manager of any such Plantation, and having the Care thereof, and thereon resident, and being at Home, or if any Overseer being at Home, and the Matter, Mistress, Owner* or Renter happens to be absent from Home, shall fuller any Slave to beat any Drum or Drums, brempty CalkS, or great Gourds, or to blow Horns, Shells, or loud Instruments* for the Diverhon or Entertainment of Slaves in his, her, or their Plantation, he, she, or they, shall|forfeit Twenty Pounds Current Money of this Island for every such Offence, unless they suppress the fame in One Hour after the fame begins: Provided that Information thereof be given upon Oath to One of his Majesty’s Just ices of the Peace for this Island, within Three Weeks after the Offence committed. '.And it is also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace of any Crime done by any Slave or Slaves, such Justice shall issue out his Warrant for. apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and for all Evidences. If the said Justice find such Crime not Capital, he

may appqint public Chrreftion of such Slave according to Discretion j but if the Crime be very heinous, then the said Justice shall commit the said Offender to Prison* to be tried by ihe Council as usual,'

Anno 1693. N° 36.

lV. AND it is further Provided by the Authority aforesaid,. That Once in every Month, Searching every Master, -Mistress, or Overseer of a Family, shall, throughout all his Negro Houses, Negro

make diligent Search for and seize upon all Staves, Clubs, or mischievous Weapons they shall

there find, as\also. all stolen.Goods and. Commodities as shall be found of any Value, shall publish the fame, deftribing the Quantity and Quality thereof, that thereby the Owners may be the better able to claim it, in order, and upon full Proof made it was theirs, it may be xeftored them; and for Flclh of any Sdrt'that shall be found, the Negro in whose House it .was taken, unless he or. Ihe can make it plainly appear they came by if honestly, shall undergo a Whipping, arid have one of their. Ears cut off.

-- -V. Provided always, and-b? it further Enacted, That where there are more in Number than One Slave concerned in any heinous, or grievous. Crimes, as Burglary, Rohbery., Burning of Houses or Canes, killing'or dealing any Manner or Kind of Cattle or Stock* only One of them ftull suffer Death* who shall appear to be the greatest Criminal, c. Part III. j P i - XI. And

PART UK

Montserrat*— Slaves; for their Regulation, .&c» -

Starching Negro Houses.—‘Slaves wandering.

XI. And be it moreover Enacted, That any Person, upon Loss of any Cattle, Stock, or other Provisiort, may immediately, without going to a Justice of Peace, or requiring a Warrant, repair to any Plantation or Plantations whereof he shall have Suspicion, and there, taking the Matters, Mistresses, or Overseers of the fame along with him, shall have full Power to search ill and Angular the Negro Houses, or other Houses belonging to such Plantation or Plantations, and, if Need be, break open any thereof; and any Matter, Mistress, or Overseer of a Plantation, who shall make any Resistance, or obstruct them therein, shall pay to the Party who hath sustainfcd any Loss, double the Value thereof.

Anno 1679. N° 30.

An ACT against Negroes wandering, and the Concealers thereof.

Slaves ' WHEREAS there is a general Complaint in this Island, of the Liberty that Negroes do wandering, affbme to themselves in wandering from one Plantation to another on the Sabbath-Day, and at other Times, both Day and Night, by which Means many of the Inhabitants are much damnified by several Insolencies, Thefts, and Robberies, which, if not speedily prevented, may very much prejudice the Public Welfare of this Island; It is therefore Enacted and Ordained, and be it hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future ill Proprietors of Negro or Negroes in or upon this Island, or Overseers of Plantations, that shall have any ttrange or wandering Negro or Negroes come into his, her, or their Plantations, either by Day or Night, on Pretence of any lawful Occasions, and any such Negro or Negroes that shall, after Notice given unto him or them to repair unto his, her, or their Master or Mistress, Owner or Owners, Overseer or Overseers of the respective Plantations where any such Negro or Slave or Slaves. shall so loiter, shall forthwith take any such runaway or wandering Slave or Slaves, and punish him or them, and fend them to the Owner or Owners thereof, Overseer or Overseers of the Plantations unto‘which they belong; and if any Slave , or Slaves shall conceal such, or harbour any such runaway or wandering Slave in his, her, or their Cabbins, shall be by the Owner or Owners, Overseer or Overseers of such Concealers forthwith taken before the next Justice of Peace of this Island, and these, in the Presence of the said Justice, exercise the Punishment of Forty Lashes upon the bare Back of him, her, os them that shall so conceal any Slave or Slaves; and all such Owners or Overseers as shall neglect so to do, shall, upon Proof thereof, be fined Five hundred Pounds of Sugar for his Majesty’s Use, towards the Support of the Government of this Island, any Law, Usage, of Custom in this Island to the contrary, heretofore had or made, in anywise notwithstanding.

Anno 1693. K° 36.

VI. AND it is further Enacted and Provided by the Authority aforesaid, That all Com-rhiflion Officers within this Island are hereby impowered and required, upon Notice by any Dne to them given, of any Number of Negroes got together, and the Place where, immediately upon the fame to raise a sufficient Number of Men, and with them to pursue, apprehend, and take such Negroes, either alive or dead; and whatsoevef Commission Offider shall neglect, or other Person refuse to be aiding and assisting herein, shall forfeit the Sum of Two Thobfand Pounds of Sugar,

X. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any White shall take a Slave, and bring him in dead or alive; if alive, shall have' paid him, by the OwrtCt of such Negro or Slave, the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds of Muscovado Sugar; where death the same Sum out of the public Stock of this Island; and where any Slave shall take a Run-away, such Negro Slave shall have Three Hundred Pounds of Sugar, either by the Owner or Public as aforesaid. 7

XIII. And be it further Provided and Enacted, That any Negro or Slave within this -Island,. that shall absent themselves from their Matters or MistrefTeaService for the Space of Three Months, and afterwards be taken and convicted thereof, shall fuller Death as a Felony any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary, notwithstanding; the Owner of the said Negro to be allowed him, out of the public Stock of this Island, Three thousand Five hundred -Founds of Sugar, as is before provided in this Act.:

j P 2 - \ iAnno

Montserrat*~§lavesj for their Protection.

PART lit;

Various Offences.—Ground;

Ariiio 1693; Z&*

An ACT to redrain the Insolence of Slaves, and for preventing them froni committing any Outrages, as also the better Ordering such Slaves, &c.

I. WHEREAS it is notorious that the Negroes not only commit grievous Outrages upon Various the Inhabitants, by dealing and carrying away their Cattle and other Stock raised for their Offences; Subsidence; but are likewise, in many Places of this Island, got together in such Numbers as

to threaten the Didurbance of the Peace and Quiet of the fame; we therefore pray their Majesties that it may be Enacted, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That henceforward, where any Negro shall be taken dealing or carrying away Stock, Cattle, or Provision, amounting to the Value of Twelve Pence, such Negro or Negroes taken therein shall, upon due Proof thereof, before the Governor and Council, suffer such Death as they shall think fit to award j and when any Negro shall have any Theft proved against him, and the Value not amounting to Twelve Pence, Current Money of this Island, that then, and in such Cases, such Negro shall only differ a severe Whipping, and have both his Ears cut off, for the Fird Time; but for the Second Offence in the like Nature, shall differ Death, in the Form aforesaid, the Public paying the Owner, for every Negro put to Death, the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds of Muscovado Sugar.

II. And for as much, through the Negroes dealing and destroying poor People’s Provisions; they are quite discouraged from planting what they expert not to reap; Be it moreover Enacted and Provided, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person to (hoot at, and, if possible, to kill, any Negro he shall find digging our, drawing, or dealing his Provision, provided such Provision be not within Forty Foot of the common Path, and that the Party so killing the Negro hath not, in the hearing of others, expressed either Hatred or Malice against the Owner of such Negro; for in either of such Cases, the Owner shall recover Damages, to the full Value, of any who shall so kill their Negro.

Slaves; for their Protection.

Anno 1693. 36.

VII. AND whereas some Maders and Midreffes, or Overseers of Plantations, are so Provision careless, as not to put in a Competency of Provision for their Slaves, whereby they are often Grounds forced to run away, or at lead to commit Thefts and Robberies upon their Neighbours;

Be it further Enabled, and it is hereby Provided, That all Maders, Midreffes, and Overseers of any Plantations within this Island, at all Times after the Expiration of Ten Months enluing the Publication hereof shall have and always keep, for every Eight Negroes, One Acre of Ground well planted in Provisions, and so proportionably for a. greater or lesser Number; which whosoever shall neglect, after the Ten Months ended, shall at the End of every Six Months, for every Acre so Wanting, forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds of Sugar.

-NE F-

N E

V

I

s.

PARf III.

The Law of this Island respecting Slaves is contained in the following Laws, paired

Anno 1691.

1698.

1701;

1717.

1717-18.

>737-1739-

Which are to be found In a printed Volume of the Laws of this Island, dated 1740.

Slaves considered as Property.

Anno 1698-9. N° 18.

Slaves made

An ACT for making the Negroes, Coppers, Mills, and Stills of Intestates Estates, Chattels.

WHEREAS, in and by a certain Act, made in this Island the 8th Day of May, which was in the Two-and-Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, and conrmfied by his said Majesty in Council, intitled, “An Act for ascertaining Lands, as also for af-* fixing Slaves, Coppers, &c. to the Freehold,” it was (amongst other Things) therein enacted and ordained (for preventing Demolishment, Waste, and great Detriment to die Estates of Freehold in this Island) “ That all Negro Slaves, and other Slaves whatsoever, belonging or ap- slaves made “ pertaining to any Plantation or Plantations of Freehold in this Island, as likewise all Sugar chattels.

“ Mills, Coppers, and Stills, once fattened or fixed thereon, for Service of grinding Sugar Canes,

“ or Sugar boiling, &c. should, to all Intents and Purposes, remain on the Freehold, and not “ be thence removed or alienated, unless for Payment of Debts,” as in and by the said Act more largely appears: And forasmuch as since the making of the said Act, many Persons have died intestate, leaving many Children, with a competent Estate of Lands and Negroes to maintain them, but for want of suitable Provision made in the said Act, their Plantations, Lands, Negroes, Coppers, and Stills, descended and came to the eldest Son and Heir; and the other Children had nothing left them to subsist withal: May it therefore please your most gracious Majesty to enact and ordain, and it is hereby Ordered, Enacted, and Ordained, by the President and Council of this Island of Nevis, executing the Office of Lieutenant General and Commander in Chief of all His Majesty’s Leeward Caribbee Islands in America, together with the Assembly of the fame Island,

That if any Person or Persons, who now or hereafter shall or may have any Estate or Estates of Lands, Slaves, &c. of Lands, Slaves, Coppers, Mills, or Stills, situate, lying, and being in this Island, and being thereof made

seised, shall die intestate; that then, in such Case, all Slaves, Coppers, Mills, and Stills, as such * 8‘

Intestate shall die seised, possessed, vetted, or interested of or in, shall and. art hereby made Chat- ’ tels in Law, and shall be parted, (hared, and divided as Chattels, to and amongst such Deceased’s Children, in such Manner, Way, and Form as the Law directs } the before-recited Act or any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Part III. 5 II. Provided

D ize ,by

p>art nr.

Nevis.—Slaves confuiered as Property.

Slaves made Chattels.—Value of Slaves killed.

Proviso. II. Provided always, nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning this Act, That if

the Heir or Heirs of all, every, any, or either of such Person or Persons that so die intcftate as aforesaid, shall be willing and desirous to keep such Estate or Estates as shall descend to him or them, with all the Slaves, Coppers, Mills, and Stills thereon intire, and not to separate and divide the fame, that then, in such Case, such Heir and Heirs, or their Guardians, are hereby impowered and enabled to hold and keep the fame intire accordingly, for and during the full Term and Space of Seven Years, to commence Pom the Death of the Incestate, such Heirs or Guardians first giving in good Security to the Ordinary, not only for providing and giving their other Brothers and Sifters a competent Maintenance, with Education and Apparel suitable to their Degree, in the Interim, out of the Produce of such Plantation, and Slaves for the Use and Employ of their Share of such Intestate’s Estate as -shall belong to them as aforesaid; but also, at the End and Expiration of the said Term, to pay or cause to be paid to each and every of them, or their Assigns, the full Value of their said several and respective Shares of such Intestate’s Estate as shall belong to them, in Current Money of this Island, or in good Muscovado Sugar, according as the same shall be appraised and valued in the Inventory to be taken of such Intestate’s Estates at the Time of the Intestate’s Death; all such Deceased’s Debts and Funeral Expences being first deducted, to the Payment of which the Lands shall be accountable, proportionably to its Value, with the Chattels.

Anno 1:717. N° 81.

Outlawed Slaves kulcd in taking, to be appraised by Two k 1 etliuitiers upon O nil, &c.

Value of Slaves killed.

III. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro, or other Slave outlawed, shall be killed in the Taking, or suffer Death by virtue, of any Clause whatsoever in this Act contained, the said Slave or Slaves shall be appraised by Two Freeholders-upon Oath, to be administered by a Magistrate, and the Value of the Slave so appraised shall be paid out of the public Treasury of this Island to the respective Matters or Owners; provided that such Appraisement be made within , Ten Days after the Death of such Slave; provided also, that if any such Negro shall be appraised at a greater Value than Thirty Pounds Current Money, that no more than the Sum of Thirty Pounds Current Money shall be paid out of the public Treasury of this Island to the respective Masters or Owners.

Anno 1737. N° nt*

ClauAr in Favour of Persons whole Slave* shall be murdered by other Slave*, or GooJs It Jen.

V. And whereas by the said recited Act it is Enacted, * That if any Negro or other Slave shall tc suffer Death by virtue of the said Act, the Owner of such Negro or other Slave shall be paid for “ him out of the public Treasury, not exceeding Thirty Pounds Current Money;” but there is no Provision made for any Payment to the Person whose Slave shall be murdered, or his Goods stolen; whereby many Felonies are compounded, and the Criminals are not brought to Justice: For Remedy whereof, Be it hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave, for the Time to come, shall suffer Death for the Murder of any other Slave, the Owner of the Slave who shall suffer Death shall be paid only the One Half Part of what was allowed by the fbrementioned Act, and the other Half Part shall be paid, by the Treasurer, to the Owner of the Slave murdered; and if any Slave shall suffer Death for stealing, die Treasurer is hereby required to pay the Person whose Goods were stolen, as much as the Justices who condemned the Slave shall certify they were worth, provided the Goods stolen amount not to more than Half the Value of what the Owner of the Slave who committed the Felony is to receive out of the public Treasury; but if the Goods stolen should amount to more than Half the Value, then the Person, whose Goods were stolen, shall receive the Half Part of what the Owner of the Slave who suffered Death was to have received, and no more, and the Remainder to the Owner of the Slave who shall suffer Death; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on Owners of VI. And, for the more effectual preventing Slaves who have committed Murder from escaping committed Murder, without Punishment, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner of a Slave conveying them off who hath committed Murder shall privately convey the said Slave away from the I flanJ, to pre-the iflaml, &e. vent anci avoid his being brought to Trial, such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sutn of Fifty Pounds Current Money, the One Moiety to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, towards defraying the public Charges of this Island, and the other Moiety to the Owner of the Slave murdered; who shall recover such Penalty for the King and himself by Suit, Plaint, Information, or Action qui tarn, &c. in the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas in this Island, where no Essoign, Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and if any Person who hath a Slave murdered by another Slave shall neglect or refuse to prosecute the Murderer, it shall and may be lawful for any other Person to prosecute the Murderer; and if he shall suffer Death for the fame, the Person, who prosecuted, shall receive out of the public Treasury the Sum which the Owner of the Negro rpurdered would have been entitled to if he had prosecuted, and the Owner of the said Slave shall receive nothing.

5 Q^2 Slaves;

oome

Nevis.

PART lit..

Lifts of Slaves.

Slaves $ for their Regulation, &c*

Anno 1717-18. N° 96.

An ACT to repeal an Act, intided, K An Act to oblige all Persons to give “ In a List of their Negroes, and other Slaves, upon Oath, and for making “ another Act to the fame Purpose more effectual.”

WHEREAS an Act of this Island, intided, Cf An Act to oblige all Persons to give in a List of Lifts of Slaves.

* their Negroes, and other Slaves, upon Oath,” hath been found, as it was made, very dilatory,

because the Execution of it was put into so many Hands, some of whom were no ways obliged

by Penalty or Oath; we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Chief Governor of all your Majesty’s Leeward Caribbee Islands in America, together with the Council and Assembly of the Istand of Nevis, do pray your most Excellent Majesty it may be Enacted, and

be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, and every Clause, Repeal of a former

Article, Matter, and Thing therein contained, be, and is hereby repealed, and made null and Act.

void, to all Intents, Purposes, and Constructions whatsoever.

II. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Date of this Act, Owners of Keeroes all Perforts whatsoever, being or residing on this Istand, who are Proprietors, Possessors, Ma- «» give >» a List of nagers, or Overseefs of any Negroes, or other Slaves, shall give in an Account or Lift upon Slaves on °ath* Oath, so often as they shall be thereunto lawfully required, to the respective Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the Time being, of the several or respective Parishes of this Istand, of all and every Negro, or other Slave, living or breathing, as also what are esteemed dutiable, and what hot.

III and be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Per-: Penalty on Refofal. ions whatsoever, who shall refuse or neglect to appear, when summoned, to give in an Account or Lift of Slaves upon Oath as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay double the Tax they should have paid had they appeared and taken the Oath, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any •foife notwithstanding; the Justice before whom they refused, or before whom they neglected to appear, being hereby impowered and required to issue out Execution for the fame in Ten Days after the Tax is raised as aforesaid, to be levied by the Marshal, or his lawful Deputy for the Time being, by way of Distress, and sold at Outcry in the Market Place of Charles Town, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner.

IV. And it is hereby Anther Enacted, That the Oath to be taken by every Person, to the Account or Lift that shall be given in, shall be in these Words j viz.

I A. B. do swear on the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God, That the Account or Their Oaih.

Lift I do now give in, is a true and exact Account or Lift of every Negro or other Slave that I am Owner of, or have in Possession, living on this Istand? and that I have particularly distinguished, so near as I can, what I do believe in my Conscience are dutiable,

‘ and what not; and that I have not sent any Slave off" this Istand lince the Order for raid-

ing this Tax.

So help me God.

V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace shall, before they proceed to execute this Act, take the following Oath before the Chief (Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or President, of this Istand for the Time being? viz.

I C. D. do swear on the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God, That, lb often as I shall Justice* Oath,

take the Account or Lift in Execution of this Act, I will demand of every Master or Mistress, Possessor or Renter, Manager or Overseer of every Family in the Parish of who shall come to swear to an Account or Lift, upon Oath, of all Negroes and other Slaves, who are in their respective Custodies, living and breathing, or belonging to them on this Istand, and lo near as they can what they esteem dutiable, and what not? which -Account and Lift I will return into the Secretary’s Office of this Istand so soon as I can.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as the Justices of the Militants to be

Peace shall be directed by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or President, for the Time being, Summoned to gne

to take the Account or Lift as aforesaid, they shall issue out their several Warrants, each Justice ,n such L,lt*’ *c‘

to the Constables of the Parish wherein he lives, full Ten Days before he takes the said Account

8 or

PART III.

Lifts of Slaves.

Not appearing with* in Ten Days after a Note left, to be double taxed> See,

Where Two Justices live in one Parish, One to act in that which has none.

For Want of Justices* Members of the Council to act.

Penalty on Justice, See, refilling to act*

Fines how to be applied.

Vestries to raifir Taxes by virtue of this Act.

Penalty on not distinguflring Town Negroes.

Justice, Sec, before whom to give in his Lift of Slaves.

Members of the Council t# take the fame Oath as J uftices.

Trading with

Slaves,.

Nevis.—Slaves; for their Regulation, See.

-Trading with Slaves.

or Lift, commanding them, on Sight thereof, they summon all and every the Inhabitants of that Parish, who have any Negro or other Slave, or are Managers, Possessors, or Overseers of any Negroes (their Proprietors being absent) to make their personal Appearance on such a Day, by Nine of the Clock before Noon, at the Parish Church, then and there to give in an Account or Lift, upon Oath, of every Negro or other Slave living as aforesaid; for executing which Warrants, each Constable shall receive from the Treasurer, for the Time being, Twelve Shillings Current Money, each Constable being hereby required to attend each Justice in his Parish, with the Return of their Warrants, and to prove their Summons.

VII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Constable shall return any of the Inhabitants sick, or absent off this I (land, then the Justice shall fend the Constable with a Note under his Hand, signifying that if they do not come to his House within Ten Days then next ensuing, to give in the Account or Lift, and take the Oath, nor fend a proper Person to do it, they shall be obliged to pay a double Tax; which Note, if the Constable or Constables shall find no Person to leave it with, or will take it from his or their Hands, then he or they shall leave the Note in the House, or in the Keyhole of the Door; which, on his Oath to the Truth thereof, shall be sufficient to convict the Person or Persons neglecting or wilfully absenting, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen that some of the Parishes shall have no Justice of the Peace living in it, and there shall be Two in another Parish, then in such Case One of the Two shall execuce this Act in the Parish where there is none.

IX. And be it also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen that Five Justices of the Peace shall not be on the Island in Health to execute this Act, that then in such Case One or more of the Members of his Majesty’s Council shall execute it in One or more of the Parishes, instead of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, which shall be good and valid to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further Enacted, That every Justice of the Peace who shall refuse to be (worn, or to act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Current Money; and every Constable that shall refuse to summon the Inhabitants, &c. or having summoned them, shall not attend the Justices, and prove the Summons, and do the Justices further Commands concerning this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds Current Money; all which Fines and Forfeitures shall be One Half Part to his Majesty, for defraying the contingent Charges of this Island, and the other Half for the Use of his Majesty’s Fortifications therein.

XI. And be it further Enacted, That this Act shall be in full Force and Effect for the Vestries of each Parish to raise their Taxes, by taking an Account or Lift of Slaves upon Oath as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who have Negroes belonging to their Cooperage in the Town, shall distinguish, in their Account or Lift, how many there are that do belong to the Town, on Forfeiture of paying the Country Tax, and a Town Tax likewise.

XIII. And be it further Enacted, That every Justice or Member of His Majesty’s Council, who shall put this Act in Execution, and have an Account or Lift of his or their own Slaves to-give in> shall give in his or their Account or Lift, upon Oath, before the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or President, for the Time being.

XIV. And be it further Enacted, That every Member of the Council, not a Justice of the Peace, who shall put this Act in Execution, shall take the fame Oath, and be under the fame Penalty as to the Execution thereof, as the Justices of the Peace are.

28 May 1691. N° 12.

An ACT for reinforcing a former Act, intitled, * An Act against trading with “ Negroes.”

WHEREAS by the said Act, bearing Date the a ad Day of January 1683, it was therein Enacted and Ordained,<c Thatwhatsoever Person or Persons trading with any Negro, shall for-" feit Five hundred Poundsof Sugar for every Time so trading; and if on the Lord’s Day, should 6 . “ forfeit

PART III.

Nevis.'—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c*

/ trading with Slaves.—3hwesJelling.

“ forfeit One thousand Pounds of Sugar for each such Offence notwithstanding the several Penalties contained in the said Act, the Trading with Negroes has by*several evil-minded Persons been continued, to the great Prejudice of the Inhabitants: And, for the better Prosecution of the said Act, we therefore pray his Majesty it may be Enacted and Ordained, and be it hereby Ordered, Ordained, and Enacted, by the Chief Governor, Council, and Assembly, That what Person or Persons soever, trading as aforesaid with any Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, shall be fined The former Afl or punished according to the aforesaid Act; which Fines and Forfeitures shall be applied, the one Moiety to his Majesty, for the Support of the Government, towards the defraying the s°

Charge of Fortifications and other public Charges of this Island, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform and make Proof thereof to the next Justice of the Peace.

Anno 1737.' N° 111.-

X. AND forasmuch as Slaves frequently keep Shops in Charles Town, and fell several Sorts of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Rum, and other strong Liquors, in the Town and in the Country, to other Slaves, for which they often receive stolen Goods, which is an Encouragement for Slaves to steal from their Matters, and is a Detriment to the Inhabitants; for Remedy whereof, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Time to come it shall not be No Slave to keep lawful for any Slave whatsoever to keep a Shop in Charles Town, or to fell any Goods, Wares, shop in Charle* Merchandizes, Rum, or other strong Liquor, either for themselves or for their Owners, or for Town» &c‘ any other Persons, in any House, or in the public Street, or in the Country; and if any Slave whatsoever shall, after the Publication of this Act, keep any Shop, or fell, or offer for Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, Rum, or any other strong Liquor, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, upon Information and due Proof made thereof to any Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized, impowered, and required to grant a Warrant, directed to any Constable, to seize such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Rum, or any other strong Liquors; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Rum, or other strong Liquors so seized shall be forfeited, and sold at public Outcry, and the one Moiety of the Produce of such Sale, all reasonable Charges being first defrayed, shall be paid to the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being,. for the life of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be applied towards the defraying the public Charges of this Island, and the other Moiety to the Informer: Provided always, Proviso, and it is hereby Enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit any Slave from felling, or exposing to Sale, any fresh Fish, fresh Meat, Poultry, or any Produce or Manufacture of this Island, except Rum and other strong Liquors, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Anno 1739. N° 115.

An ACT to prevent Slaves from selling any Things without a Ticket from their Matters, and to prohibit Slaves planting Cotton for themselves.

WHEREAS Slaves frequently steal Sugar, Molasses, Cotton, Poultry, and several other Things, which they expose to Sale, and very easily find Purchasers for such stolen Goods, which is an Encouragement for Slaves to rob and steal, and a great Detriment to the Planters; for Remedy whereof, we, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Captain-general of your Majesty’s Leeward Caribbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of the Island of Nevis, do pray your most Sacred Majesty that it may be Enacted, and be it Enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Captain-general of his Majesty’s Leeward Caribbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of the Island of Nevis, and by the Authority of the same, That from the Publication of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Slave whatsoever, in this Island, to sell any Thing (except Greens, Herbs, Grass, Wood, Roots, Food made of Roots, Crabs, fresh Butter, fresh Fish, slaves selling and the Slave’s own particular Manufacture). without a Ticket from under the Hand of the •

Slave’s Owner or Manager, specifying the Thing or Things so to be sold, and the Quantity of them, the Name of the Slave, and the Day of the Month; and, in case any Slave shall offer any Thing (except such Things only as are before, excepted in this Act) for Sale, without such Thing* offored to Ticket from his Owner or Manager, it shall and may be lawful for any White Person whatso- shining*Vafu^wtyK ever to take such Thing away from the said Slave, and convert it to his or her own Use, out a ticket, may be provided the Thing or Things so taken from any Slave at the fame Time exceed not the taken from ,he S“M* Value of Seven Shillings Current Money; but if the Thing or Things so taken are more than If aboTe> the Thing* the Value of Seven Shillings, such Things, and the Slave in whose Custody they are taken, shall verlfto" the Provost be delivered to the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby required to secure such Marflud, tee.

Slave, and Things so taken, and give the Slave’s Matter Notice thereof; for which Notice, and securing the Slave, he shall be paid Three Shillings Current Money by the Slave’s Matter;

Part III, 5 R and

PART in.

Slaves Jelling.

Penalty on Purchasers of Things sold without a Ticket*

And on giving Slave a Ticket to fell Things, without his Owner's Knowledge.

Penalty on taking any Thing from a Slave who has a Ticket.

Proviso*

In what Cafe Slave's Evidence to be taken.

i

Clause relating to the Prohibition of Slates planting or felling Cotton for them-fclvest

And to prevent Persons buying it of them.

Nevis,—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c«

and that the Marshal for the Time being, on Receipt of the said Three Shillings, shall deliver the Negro or Negroes, and other Slaves, with the Goods so taken, to the respective Mailers or Owners of such Negroes. a

II. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall purchase any Thing (except such Things only as are before excepted-in this Act) from any Slave, who hath not a Ticket as hereinbefore directed, such Person shall, upon Proof made before any Justice of the Peace in this Island, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds Current Money.

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whosoever shall give any Slave a Ticket, in his Owner’s or Manager’s Name, to fell any Thing, without the Privity or Consent of such Owner or Manager, such Person shall, upon Proof made before any One Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds Current Money.

IV. And be if Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall take away any Thing (except Cotton) from any Slave who hath a Ticket, or take away the Ticket from any Slave (except the Goods mentioned in the Ticket be all fold) or take away any Thing from any Slave which the Slave is permitted by this Act to fell without a Ticket, such Person shall, upon Proof made before any Justice of the Peace in this Island, forfeit and pay the Sum of Current Money, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chatcels, by Warrant from the said Justice, directed to the Provost-Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, or to any Constable j which Fine shall be paid. Part to satisfy the Slave for the Value of the Things taken away, and the Remainder to the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, and fhalT be applied towards the defraying the Public Charges of this Island; and if such Person hath no Goods and Chattels sufficient to satisfy the said Fine, such Person shall suffer Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of this Island Three Months, if the Fine be not sooner paid: Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Clause, Matter, or Thing contained in an Act made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty, intitled, * An Act to amend, explain, and make more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year “ of the Reign of King George the First, intitled. An Act for the Government of Negroes * and other Slaves in this Island any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And, forasmuch as Negroes and other Slaves are not allowed to give Evidence against: any White or Free Person, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall take away any Thing from any Slave who hath a Ticket, or take away a Ticket from atiy Slave, or take away any Thing from any Slave, which the Slave is permitted by this Act to fell without a Ticket, and, upon Complaint made to a Justice of the Peace, the Fast cannot be proved upon such Person by any White Evidence, such Person shall, unless he make Oath to the contrary, forfeit and pay in the same Manner as is before directed by this Act, upon full Proof made; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas it hath been customary for Slaves to plant fipall Quantities of Cotton for themselves, and, under that Pretence, steal a great deal from the poor Planters, which the Slaves either fell themselves, or elle bring it to their Matters, as. the Produce of their own Labour, and their Mailers fell it for them, or buy it themselves; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Time to come it shall not be lawful for any Slave whatsoever to plant Cotton for himself, or to fell any Cotton on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, either with or without a Ticket j and if any Person whatsoever shall buy Cotton from any Slave, eidrier with or without a Ticker, such Person shall, upon Proof made before any One Justice of the Peace in this Island, forfeit and pay the Sum of £. 20 Current Money; and if any Owner or Manager shall for the Time to come knowingly suffer any of his Slaves to plant Cotton for themselves, or knowingly suffer any Cotton to grow in the Land, which he allows his Slaves to plant for themselves, such Owner or Manager, being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of £.20 Current Money; and if any Owner, Manager, or any Free Person, shall fell or dispose of any Cotton foi any Slave, such Owner, Manager, or Free Person shall, being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of £. 20 Currrent Money.

VII. And whereas ill-disposed Persons may clandestinely buy Cotton from Slaves in the Night, and escape the Punishment intended by this Act, for Want of sufficient White Evidence; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in this Island, upon Complaint made, to grant a Warrant to any Constable to bring any Person, who shall be suspected to buy Cotton clandestinely from Slaves, before him; and if such suspected Person shall refuse to make Oath that he hath not purchased Cotton from any Slave, nor any Person for him, such Person shall be subject to the fame Fines and Penalties, as if due Proof had

J R 2 been

PART III.

Nevis.-Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Slaves Jelling.^—Selling Spirits to Slaves .—AJembling.—Feasting and Drumming.

been made before a Justice of the Peace that such Person had actually purchased Cotton from a Slave; any La#, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Anno 1717. N° 81.

VI. AND whereas it is a common Practice for Negroes, and other Slaves, to meet in Selling Spirits to great Companies on the Lord’s Day, feasting and drinking, whence Quarrels, Fightings, Slaves.

and Murders frequently arise; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Penalty on Persons any Person whatsoever shall fell Rum, or other strong Liquors, on the Sabbath Day, to any fellinE strong Liquors Negro or other Slave, such Person being presented and convicted at the General or Quarter bath Day?" th* Sab" Sessions, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Three Pounds Current Money.

V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any White Person whatsoever to suppress and disperse any disorderly Rout of Negroes or x>iforderly Negroe* other Slaves got together, drinking, quarrelling, or gaming, and to take from them all may be difperfod. Knives, Clubs, and other Weapons whatsoever: And if any Negro, or other Slave, shall oppose, slaveftrikin a white struggle with, or strike any White Person or Persons, such Slave shall be whipt by Order, Person, Vow6 to be * and at the Discretion of One Justice of the Peace; but in case any White Person be Punished* wounded or maimed by a Slave, it is hereby declared Felony in such Slave, and shall be tried and punished as in and by this Act is before directed.

VII. And be it further Enacted, for the preventing the said Meetings and Feastings, and

That if any Mailer, or other Person, having the Management of a Plantation, shall Drumming. knowingly and willingly suffer the Slaves to beat a Drum, by the Space of One Quarter of _ j;

an Hour, in their respective Plantations, such Mailer or Manager, being presented and con- fuffeVng°siav«|to vidted of the fame, shall forfeit and pay, on every such Conviction, the like Sum of Three beat Dram* in their Pounds Current Money. Plantation*.

Anno 1737. N° hi.

III. AND whereas it is a common Practice for Negroes to meet in great Companies on Penalty on Mastera the Sabbath Day, feasting, drinking, and gaming, whereby Quarrels, Fightings, and Mur- beat d* '* ders frequently happen, notwithstanding the Penalties imposed by the said recited Act; Be their°PiamationT\>n it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mailer, or other Person having the Sabbath Day, &c. the Management of a Plantation, shall for the Time to come suffer any Feast to be made on the Sabbath Day, or any other Time, or suffer any Negro Drum, great or final], to be beat for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour, at his respective Plantation, such Mailer or Manager, being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, by the Oath of One credible Person, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds Current Money; and in case of Refusal of Payment, the fame to be levied on the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant from the.said Justice, directed to the Provost Marshal, or to any Constable; which Goods so levied on shall be sold at Public Outcry within Four Days, if the Penalty be not sooner paid, to satisfy the said Penalty, with Colls, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner; the One Half of such Fines shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed: And all Slaves who shall Slaves making such make such Feasts, and entertain such Companies, shall moreover be publicly whipt, by Order of ^ipt’ to * publicly the said Justice of the Peace, and the Owner shall be obliged to pay the Charges: Provided proviso

nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That if the Owner or other Person having the Management of- a Plantation where such Feast shall be made, or Drum beat, shall make Oath before the said Justice, that such Feast: or Drumming was not by his Consent or Knowledge, in such Case the said Owner or Manager shall not be subject to the aforementioned Penalty.

IV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable shall Constable to disperse know or be informed of any great Company of Slaves being unlawfully and riotously got to- notou'SIave,»&c* gether, he is hereby authorized, impowered, and required to take a fufneient Guard, and disperse them; and if the said Slaves refuse to disperse by fair Means, it shall and may be lawful for the Constable to force them to separate, by beating or wounding them: And if 4 any

TART III.

Nevis,—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Feasting and Drumming.-—Of Runaway Slaves.

Penalty on bit Neg- any Constable shall neglect or refuse to do his Duty herein, in separat^ng such Companies of ,ea> Slaves, or shall know of any Drum, great or small, beaten by Negroes, contrary to the Intent

and Meaning of this Act, and shall not inform some Justice of the Peace thereof, such Constable shall, being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, by the Oath of One credible Witness, forfeit and pay the Sum of. Five Pounds Current Money; to be levied and applied in the same Manner, and to the lame Uses, as other Forfeitures in this Act before-mentioned are to be levied and applied.

VIII. And whereas Negroes frequently come from the island of St. Christopher, in Bark-logs, Boats, and Canoes, to this island, on the Sabbath Day, to feast and carouse, and often land secretly in the Night in some private Bay, where they receive ftoltn Goods, and often clandestinely carry away Negroes from the island, to the great Detriment of the Inhabitants;

Slave* coming to the Be it hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negroes shall, after Six island in ®*rl£loE?> Weeks from the Publication of this Act, come to this island in any Barklog, Boat, or We Whb^Man'* to Canoe, without any White Man of good Credij with them, it shall and may be lawful for be publicly whipt, any White Person whatsoever to apprehend any such Negro or Negroes, and deliver him or them to the Provost Marshal of the island or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby authorized, impowered, and required to whip such Negroes in the public Market Place, not exceeding Forty Lashes, and then safely to keep them in the Common Gaol of the island, until the Master or Owner shall pay unto the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, Six Pounds Current Money for each Slave so taken, for the Use of the Person who shall apprehend them, beftdes the Gaol Fees; and if the Master or Owner of any such Slave cannot be known, or such Slave shall lie in Gaol for the Space of Three Months, then the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby impowered and required to fell such Slave at public Outcry, to satisfy thefaicl Sum of Six Pounds, and all other Charges, and to return the Overplus, if any, to the Owner, or, if the Owner cannot be found, to the Treasurer of the island for the Time being, who shall be accountable for the fame to the Public of this island, or to the Owner of such Slave, whenever he shall appear; and the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, is hereby required, upon putting any Slave delivered unto him, as aforesaid, in Prison, immediately to put up Publication thereof, at the Court House Door, and to give a particular Description of the Slave in the Publication; and no Slave put in Prison as aforesaid shall be fold without such Publication being first made.

IX. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slaves shall, for the Time to come, go from this island in any Boat, Canoe, or Barklog, to any other island, without a credible White Person with them, such Slaves shall be publicly whipt by Order of any Ma- gistrate; and if any Slave shall presume to be Owner of any Boat, Canoe, or Barklog, such Slave shall be publicly whipt, and the Boat, Canoe, or Barklog shall be burnt, by Order of any Justice of the Peace.

Anno 1717. N° 81.

Of Runaway Slaves.

Running away with Boats, &c. Felony.— Reward for taking Runaway Slaves.

IV. AND be it further Enabled, That it shall be Felony in any Negro, or other Slave, to run away with any Boat or Canoe off this island: And if any Person shall apprehend a Slave run away off this island, and bring and deliver him or her to the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, the Master of Owner of every such Slave shall pay the Person so taking or apprehending, the Sum of Six Pounds Current Money, if he does not suffer Death for the Felony, to be recovered by Suit in any Court of Record; but if the said Slave doth suffer for the Felony, the Treasurer of this island shall pay him, for his Encouragement, the like Sum of Six Pounds Current Money out of the Treasury.

Anno 1717. N° 81.

Penalty oi» entertain- VIII. And be it further Enabled, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall entertain a ing Runaway sia»e», runaway Negro, or other Slave, and not give the Owner Notice, or bring and deliver him c‘ or them to the Provost Marshal of this island, within Three Days after being in his, her,

or their Custody, such Person or Persons shall for every such Fact, being thereof convicted before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twelve Shillings per Diem, for so long Time as such Slave shall have been so entertained; One Moiety thereof to the King’s Majesty, for the Use of the Fortifications of this island, and the other Moiety to the respective Owner of every Slave: And in case any such Person or Persons, so convicted, shall refuse to pay the said Penalty of Twelve Shillings per Diem, the Two Justices before whom the 3 . Conviction

Nevis.—Slaves5 for their Regulation, &c. partiii.

Of Runaway Slaves .—Offences of Slaves.—Trial of , and Proceedings

Conviction shall be made, shall issue out their Warrant to the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, to levy the same on the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so convicted,

"by Sale at public Outcry, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Person so convicted, provided the said Penalty exceed not the Sum of Twelve Pounds, in which case the Party injured shall have Remedy, and recover such Penalty, for the King and himself, by Suit, Plaint, Information, or Action qui tarn, &c. in any Court of Record in this Island, in which no Essoign,

Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And, to encourage the taking and apprehending of all runaway Negroes and other Slaves,

Be it Enacted, That if any Negro, or other Slave, shall have been run away, or absent from his Matter or Owner for the Space of Seven Days or longer, the Person apprehending such Slave

shall be paid, by his or her respective Matter, the Sum of Six Shillings Current Money; and if M»fter$ refuting to the said Matter or Owner of such Negro, or other Slave, shall refuse or neglect paying the tpprehen<«^irnin^ fame, upon Information made thereof to any Justice of the Peace of this Island, the said way Slave*, the lame Justice is hereby impowered to grant a Warrant to distrain on his or their Goods and Chattels 0,1

to satisfy the fame, with Cpfts; and if the Matter or Owner of such Slave shall not be known, e,r *’ c* he shall be brought and delivered, by the Person who apprehends him, to the Provost Marshal of this Island, who shall pay him Three Shillings for the Taking, and One Shilling per Mile for as many Miles as the Place, where taken, is distant from the Common Gaol.

X. And be it further Enabled, That the Provost Marshal shall always be paid, by the re- Marshal to be rtim-spective Owners of any Slave brought and delivered to him by virtue of any Clause in this ^f*d hl* ExP*nce*» Act, whatsoever Expence he hath been at, and shall pay him, moreover, Eighteen Pence per

Diem, whiMl in his Custody, the said Marshal finding and allowing each Slave One Pound of Bread*kind, and One Pound of Fish or Flesh, per Diem, out of his said Fees j and if any slave* lying in Prison Negro or other Slave, committed by the Marshal as aforesaid, should happen to lie in Tjj"®6 Month*, to be Prison for the Space of Three Months, he shall be sold at public Outcry, by Warrant from 0 * u,cry* any Two Justices of the Peace, for the Fees and Charges aforesaid, the Overplus, if any, to be returned into the Treasury, till the Owner of the said Slave shall appear, to whom the Treasurer shall be accountable for the fame, all reasonable Charges being deducted.

Anno 1737. N° in.

VII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Slave shall suffer Death forftealing Sheep, Goats, or Hogs, under the Value of Five Pounds Current Money, but such Slave shall be publicly whipt, by the Order of any One Justice of the Peace; and the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to Jlward Payment to be made by the Owner of such Offender, to the Party whose Sheep, Goats, or Hogs were stolen, with Costs, and in case of Refusal of Payment, by Warrant to distrain for the fame, and such Distress to fell at public Outcry.

Anno 1717. N° 81.

II. AND be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any One Justice of the Peace in this Island shall have full Power and Authority to issue out his Warrant for apprehending of any Negro, or Slave whatsoever, upon any Information or Complaint made, and also for the inflicting of any Corporal Punishment for Crimes not Capital; but for all Felonies, and other Capital Crimes, where Life or Member is in Question, it shall require Two Justices at the least to hear, try, and determine the fame; at all,which Trials the Evidence of Two or more Slaves shall be taken and deemed good and sufficient: Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the stealing of Turkies, Fowls, and Poultry, or other small Stock of like Value, shall not be punished in any Slave with the Loss of Life or Limb, but any Justice of the Peace in this Island may cause to be whipt, or other Punishment may inflict on the Offender at Discretion; and the said Justice shall award Satisfaction to be made by the Owner of the said Slave, to the Party from whom such Stock is stolen, and shall also have Power by Warrant to distrain for the fame, and such Distress to fell at public Outcry.

XI. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Justice of the Peace, the Provost Marshal, any Constable, or other Officer, refuting or neglecting to do their respective Duties, in-putting every or any Clause of this Act in Execution, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds Current Money for every such Neglect or Refusal; to be recovered by Suit, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record in this Island: All which before-mentioned Fines and Forfeitures shall be One Half to the Informer, and the other to the public Treasury.

Part III. 5 S XII. And

Offences of Slaves.

In what Cafe* Slave* not to suffer Death*

Trial of Sl,

and Proceedings thereon.

Justice to issue out hie Warrant to apprehend Negroes, &c*

Proviso.

Penalty on Justice^cc, neglecting his Duty*

f

PART III.

Nevis.—Miscellaneous, &c.

atrial of Slaves, end’Proceedings thereon.—White Servants,

Act aot to emend to XII. And be it further Enacted, for the better understanding of this Act, That any Thing

white Persont. herein contained shall not be construed to extend to any bought Servant, or otherWhift: Person whatsoever, or Free Negro.

" ’ Anno-1737. N° in.

An ACT to amend, explain, and make more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intitled, “An Act for the good «* Government of Negroes, and other Slaves, in this island.”

WHEREAS there arc many Defects in the Law, intitled, “ An Act for the good Government of Negroes and other Slaves in this island,” and also some Neglects in the Execution of the fame, so that, the said Act is not effectual to the End for which it was made; we therefore, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Captain General and Governor in Chief of your Majesty’s Leeward Caribbee Islands in America, and the Council ^nd Assembly of the island of Nevis, do humbly pray your Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the said Captain General and Governor in Chief, and the Council A former AS, not and Assembly of the island of Nevis, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Clauses

u1*b^utIn Execution *n t^ie Law now in Force, concerning the Government of Negroes, and other Slaves, uyputm xecution. antj not hereby altered, shall be duly put in Execution, according to the Tenor of the

said Law.

Transgressor* of the II. And, for the speedier Punishment of Persons who shall transgress the said Law, Be it. on{y^e^co'nvi£)ed'ata hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall transgress any Clause General or Quarter of the aforesaid Law, and are by the said Law to be convicted at a General or Quarter Sef-vfaeTb "onebjuWce ^lonSj anc* no where else, such Persons shall or may, for the Time to come, be convicted of the Peace)1before any One Justice of 'the Peace for this island, and may be fined by the said Justice, according to the Tenor of the said Law; and if the said Fine be not immediately paid, such Justice is hereby impowered, by Warrant directed to the Provost Marshal, or any Constable, ’ to distrain on the Goods and Chattels of such Offenders, and such Distress to fell at pubh'c Outcry, to satisfy the said Penalties, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

* Miscellaneous, &c.

Anno 1701. N° 48.

, An ACT for encouraging the Importation of White Servants; and that all’ Persons shall be obliged to keep a White Servant to every Twenty Negroes living. ' '

, , 1 '

White Servants. WHEREAS Mortality, and the late Wars, have much lessened the.Strength of. this His; Majesty’s island; it is therefore thought absolutely necessary, that Encouragement be given -for the Importation of White Servants, the Irish Papist excepted; which, that it may be, we, . your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commander in Chief of all your Majesty’s -Caribbee Leeward Islands in AmericA, and the Lieutenant Governor, Council’, and Assembly of this island, do pray your Most Excellent Majesty it may be Enacted and Ordained; and Ownertof Negro«» to be ft;1 and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That. all. and every*

Person and Persons who now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be, the Proprietors or Slaves, ^ Owners of any Negroes or other Slaves, belonging and being, or that shall. belong and bo

oh this island, shall for every ’Twenty Negroes, or other Slaves, living and breathing, they -

are the Owners or Proprietors of, as aforesaid, always keep a Male White Servant.^if such F*nal, Jr* White Servant can be procured) upon Forfeiture of One thousand Pounds of Muscovado

' Sugar Annually, for every Twenty Negroes,or other Slaves', thattheylhairbe.Owners oB Pro* prietors of more than the White Male Servant they shall keep,-as aforesaidtlfo fame to be levied' by Way of Distress, by virtue of a Warrant from the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, pr Prc-f fident for the Time being; or ariy'Justicfc of the Peace, upon such Delinquent’s Goods, Chau tels. Lands, or Tenements, and paid into the Hands of the Treasurer, or Receiver General, and> *, employed towards the defraying the Charges of Fortifications,' and other the contingent *. Charges of this island. '

II. And

Nevis.—Miscellaneous, &c.

PART III.

II. And be' it farther Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall bring and fell any Protestant Servant or Servants in this Island, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and such Persons, Buyers, shall neglect or refuse to pay for such Servants, that then the said Persons, Sellers, shall, on Complaint thereof made to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or President, or any Justice of the Peace of that Division where the Buyer resides, t have Execution granted him against the said Buyer, by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor,

or President, orl>y such Justice of Peace, without any other Process in Law; the fame to

be forthwith levied, by the Marshal or his Deputy, on the Goods, Chattels, Lands, or Tenements of the Buyer, whereby a speedy and certain Payment may be made to the Creditor: And that if any Person or Persons shall bring over any Male White Protestant Servants, to fell ! ' and dispose of in this Island, for a Term or Time not under Four Years, and cannot fell them; that then, in such Case, the Treasurer is hereby required, on Request to him thereof made, to buy such Male White Protestant Servants, paying for each and every such Servant, not under J Sixteen Years of Age, and not above Fifty Years of Age, Twelve Pounds Current Money;

and after such Purchase made of such Servants, the said Treasurer is hereby required forthwith to distribute and dispose of such Servants to and upon such Proprietors or Owners of Negroes, 4 and other Slaves, on their Plantations, whose Complement of White Servants are inferior to their Number of Negroes, and other Slaves, according to the Computation before mentioned; who are hereby obliged to receive and pay for such Servant or Servants, with all contingent a Charges, so that such contingent Charges exceed not Twenty Shillings: But if such Proprietors or Owners will not receive and pay for such Servant or Servants, according to the Rate or Price before mentioned, together with the contingent Charges, not exceeding Twenty Shillings, as# aforesaid; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer, or Receiver General, to give a Note or Order in Writing under his Hand, directed to the Marshal or his: Deputy, who on Receipt thereof is hereby required to distrain for the fame on the Goods,: Chattels, Lands, and Tenements of such Person or Persons, and the Distress to be sold,; and the Overplus, if any, returned to the Owner.

4 ....

* III. And it is hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That all and every: Matter and Matters of such Person, who shall be fold here, as aforesaid, shall pay and give

unto each respetlive Servant (not serving under Four Years) at the Expiration of his Service, Four hundred Pounds of Muscovado Sugar, or Fifty Shillings Current Money; provided the said respective Servants do behave themselves, as they ought, during the said Term of Four Years, and not absent themselves from their Matter’s or Mistress’s Service, in which case they are to forfeit the said Four hundred Pounds of Sugar, or serve the Time over again that they absented themselves from their respective Services, at the Election of their Matters or Mistresses: Provided always, and it is the true Meaning of this Att, and the said Trea-furcror Receiver General for the Time being is hereby required and directed, that when he shall buy any Male Servants, as aforesaid, he distribute them in Manner following; viz. First, That he dispose of such White Male Servants on those Plantations that have no White Male Servants on them, and afterwards to distribute White Male Servants on those Plantations who want the most Number of White Servants, equivalent to the Number of Negroes, and , other Slaves, before mentioned.

IV. And, that the Matters and Servants may the better know their Duty to each other, it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Male White Servant shall have provided and made for him, at his Matter’s Charge, Thrde Suits of Canvas Yearly, with Hats and Shoes sufficient, unless the Mailers or ^distresses will as well provide for them with 1 other Clothes: And if it shall at any Time happen, that any Servant should have the Impudence to strike, or offer to strike, his Master or Mistress, or shall abuse them, or-their Family, then in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Master or Mistress, to give such Servant or Servants such moderate Correction as in their Discretion they shall think fit, ac--ording to the Heinousness of the Crime, so it doth nqt extend to breaking of Bones, or dif-nembering; but if the Servant or Servants shall be incorrigible, and persist in his abusive Manners, then the Mailer or Mistress shall complain to the next Justice of the Peace, who is ereby impowered and required to give such Servant public Correction, by the Marshal or is Deputy, in a public Market Place, not exceeding Thirty-nine Lashes, with a proper Whip or such Use, on his or their bare Back, and then commit him to Prison by the Space of Five )ays, during which Time the Marshal shall feed him or them with Bread-and Water only, t the Charge of the Owner; and the Time loft by such Means shall be served over and 3ove the Four Years aforesaid.

V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Woman Servants all be abulive to their Mistress or Families, they shall be corrected, and forfeit, as is herein fore described.

, ST. CHRISTOPHER.

White Servants.

Execution to be granted against Buyers of Protestant Servants, refusing Payment thereof.

Persons bringing over more White Servants than they can fell, Treasurer to buy them, and pay xsl* each, &c.

Servants behaving well, at the Expiration of their Time, to have 4001b of or 50s.

Proviso.

Servants how toj be cloathed.

Man-servant (hiking his Mailer, See. how to be punishelL

And Woman Ser-

£Art rir.

ST. C H R I STOP HE R.

The Law respecting Slaves in this Island is contained in the following Acts, parted

Anno 1711.

1721.

31 od. 1759*

11 Mar. 1784.

The Two former are to be found in a printed Volume of the Laws of this Island, dated 1739*

Slaves considered as Property*

Value of executed Slaves.

I

Anno 1711. N° 2. 1

II. AND be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Value of - i

jf\ whatsoever do, by Force or Persuasion, carry off from this Island any Negro or other ted Slaves.

Slave, other than his own, or such as he or they may be lawfully interested in or possessed of, he CarTying off other shall be guilty of Felony, and be debarred the Benefit of Clergy. 1 tony?”* 'gr

• IX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Pub- Condemned slaves to j

lication of this Act, whenever any Negro or other Slave shall be taken and condemned for * appraised. 1

any Crime, Offence, or Misdemeanor by him or them committed, that before Execution do pass upon them, any or either of them, that they shall be valued and appraised by Two neighbouring Freeholders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Two next Justices of the Peace, which said Appraisers are hereby directed not to value or estimate any such Negro or other Slave, of what Quality, Condition, Age, Circumstance, or Estate soever he or she or they be, for more than the Sum of Five thousand Pounds of Sugar, for each and every Slave executed; but in case of Disability, asLamenefs, by having but One Limb, or otherwise inca- '

Eable of Service, then the said Estimation or Value to be less, according to the Conscience, eft Skill, and Judgment of the said Appraisers, upon their Oaths, and to be given before the next Magistrate, before the Return of their Report.

X. And because it seems just and reasonable, that an equal and fair Distribution should be made by and between the Parties Sufferers, of the Value or Appraisement of such condemned Negroes as aforesaid. Be it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Value of Slaves bow after Execution done upon such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, that the Trea- M * Attributed, surer of this Island for the Time being shall be obliged to pay the Appraisement of the Value of such Slave or Slaves so executed as aforesaid, in Manner and Form following; (that is to say) Three thousand of the said Five thousand Pounds of Sugar unto the respective Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves so executed, and the other Two thousand thereof to «he respective Person or Persons, so robbed, plundered, prejudiced, or damaged, as in and by this Act is directed.

XI. Provided always, that the Damages sustained in the Felony committed -by such PrCTifo‘

Negro executed, do amount to the Value of Two thousand Pounds of Sugar, which Damages shall be enquired of by the said Justices, who tried the said Slave, either by the Oath of the Party, or by such other Means, as shall be thought mod likely to find out the Truth, otherwise the Surplussage, or the Valuation of such Damage, to redound to the Owner or Proprietor of such Slave or Slaves so executed.

Part III. 5 T Slaves;

part m.

St. Christopher.—Slaves; for their Regulation* &c;

Trading with Slaves.—Beating Drums, (dc.—Going abroad

Slaves; for their Regulation, &6

Anno 171 N°3;

III. And be it further £ flatted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume, by themselves or others under him or diem, to trade, tfafiick, or deal with any Negro or other Slaves for Sugar/ Syrup, Molaflesj indigo, Tobacco, Ginger, Cotton, Copper, Brass, Pewter, or any other Goods, Merchandize, or any Stock or Poultry whatsoever, without the Knowledge or Consent of the- said Master or Owner of such Negro or other Slave or Slaves, signified by a Note in Writing, dr by fending some White Person with the said Negro or other Slave or Slaves, upon Complaint made to the next Justice of the Peace, the Person or Persons so offending, shall be bound to his or their Behaviour, and to appear at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for this Island, and there be fined as the Court shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or double the Value of the Goods fi> clandestinely bought. '

XIV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Retailer or Retailer! of strong Liquors shall, after the Publication hereof, on Sundays or Holidays, fell any Liquor or Liquors, of what Nature or Quality soever, to any Slave or Slaves, under Pain ana Penalty of Three Pounds Current Money for every such Offence so committed j and all Justices of the Peace and Constables are hereby required and fully impowered tq difoerfc all unusual Concourses of Negroes in or about the Towns, or elsewhere, on-Sundays, or shall be fonod armed with Clubs or other offensive Weapons, or playing at Dice or other unlawful Sports, 6r drinking in the Public Houses , and such Negroes so taken up shall be publicly whipped, not exceeding Thirty Stripes.

Anno 1722. N* 52.

Penalty on buying XIX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person «f havhf*^Ticket* ®>cr^on3 buy any Sugar, Rum, Molasses, Syrup, Cotton, Wine, or other strong Li-f« tlutPurpose! quors, Plate, Wearing Apparel, or.Household Goods, from any Negro or other Slaves, except such Negro or Slave shall have a Ticket for that Purpose from his or her Matter, Owner, Renter, or Overseer, such Buyer or Purchaser being legally convicted of any such Crime, not exceeding Twenty Shillings Value, shall be, and it hereby declared to be guilty of Felopy, and shall suffer accordingly.

Anno 1722. N° 52.

Beating Brume, XIV. AND be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Master,'Mistress, (sic. Manager, or Overseer, who has any Negroes under his Care, shall suffer his or their Negroes or

Penalty on Master* Slaves at any Time to beat Drums, blow Horns, or use any other loud Instrumenrs, or shall

raftering then, to suffer any public Meetings or Feastings of strange Negroes or other Slaves, on his or their

<m orns, *. plantation, he or she so offending shall forfeit Twenty Pounds Current Money for every

such Offence, provided Information of the fame be made and given upon Oath to One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of this Island, within One Month after such Offence committed. '

Anno 1722. N° 52.

Going abroad. XII. AND be it further Enacted, That no Master, Owner, or Renter of Negroes or Sbve* not permitted other Slaves, shall giye any Slave or Slaves Leave on Sundays, or any other Time to go out OvtmrTpUnMitlon* £^e*r Plantations (except such as usually wait upon them, and no other) except with a wrtbcmt tt Ticket, Ticket under the Matter's, Mistress’s, or Manager’s Hands, specifying the Time allowed

such Negro or other Slave to be absent; and if any Master or Owner of a Plantation finds any Negro or Slave on his Plantation without a Ticket, or Business from his Master or Owner, and doth not punish him with a moderate whipping, not exceeding Twenty Stripes, he shall forfeit Twelve Shillings Current Money.

on P»fn of being »p- XIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any White or free Per-prcheiHfed mdwhipt, son or persons may apprehend any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, that shall be found out of his Matter's or Owners Plantation at any Time, especially Saturday Nights or jTi ’ Sundays

Penalty on felling strong Liquor* to Negroes upon Sun* days, &c«

Trading with Slaves.

Penalty ea dealing with Negron.

b

St. @briJ}opher.--~-$\&ve$; , for their Regulation, 6cc; part iii.

Slaves.

Sundays and Holidays, not being on their Matters or Mistress's Business, nor having such a Ticket, or not having a White Man with them (except as before) and the said Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, may correct with moderate whipping as aforesaid i and if any such Negro or other Slave shall be armed with Clubs, wooden Swords, or other mischievous Weapons, and found out of their Matter’s or Owner’s Plantation, though with a Letter or Ticket, they may be taken up, disarmed} and whipped as aforesaid.

, Anno 1711. . N® 2;

;Vi . And, for the better preventing of running away of Negroes arid othpr Slave,, as- also to hinder-and obstruct evil-minded People from entertaining them. Be it farther Enacted by tin: Authority aforesaid. That what-Person or Persons soever shall for, the future harbour qr entertain any Negro or other Slave, other than his own (being run away above Twenty-foqr Hours) and not give the Owner, if to him known, an, Account of such Negro or filaye being in his Custody, ffaallpay unto the Owner of such Slave, if a common Field Negro, Tiyclye Shillings, If a Tradefmab, Twenty Shillings, for each Twenty-four' Hours after the First Hour. oF such runaway Negro or other Slave being in his, her, or their Custodyj but if the Master if the Owner be not shall not be known, then the Party in whose Custody such runaway Negro or Slave shall. be,

shall carry him or them to the Provost Marshal of the I (land, or his lawful Deputy for the Custody of the Mar-Time being, who is hereby obliged to receive him or them intq his, Custody, and pay the Bringer Twelve Shillings for taking up each such runaway Negro or other Slave, and Nine Pence per Mile for as: many-Miles as each such Negro or other Slave is brought to the Gaol frorn the Place where he or they were taken, and the Marshal is to keep the said Negro or other Slave in safe Custody, and by a List (to be let up at the Prison Door, or some other public Place) insert the Names of such Negroes or other Slaves that are in his Custody, their Age, and other Marks, and also their Matters Names, if known; and if the Marshal or his Deputy shall refuse to paylthe Bringers aforesaid, or receive the Negro or other Slayes, or neglect to put their Names in the Lift, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Six Pounds Current Money.

VI. And in case the said Marshal or his Deputy shall neglectfully or willingly suffer such Ne- Penalty on Marflui gro or other Slaves to escape, or put them to work, he shall forfeit and pay to the Owner for suffering them to ef-every Twenty-fOur Hours Absence of such Negro or other Slave,' who hath escaped by the said e,pe’

.MarshaPs Negligence or Wilfulness, the Sum of Twenty Pounds Current Money j and in case

any Negroes or other Slaves perish for Want of Provisions, he shall forfeit and pay unto the Owner of such Slave Fifty Pounds Current Money.

VII. Provided always. That the said Marshal shall, upon Delivery of any Negro or other previf».

Slave to their respective Matter or Owner, receive from him or them the Twelve Shillings

paid for raking each Negro or other Slave, and the Nine Pence per Mile, and for every Twenty-four Hours he or they have been in his Custody shall receive Twelve Pence j and if any Negro or other Slave shall happen to lie so long in Prison as Three Months, such Negro or other Slave or Slaves are to be taken out of Prison, and sold at public Outcry, for the Fees and Charges aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two Justices of the Peacej and the Overplus (if any) after the Payment aforesaid, to the Owner, if known, otherwise to the Treasurer for the Time being, for the Use of the Public, ti)l the Owner shall appear, to whom the Treasurer shall be obliged to account, and pay what remains in his Hands, all necessary Charges being first dedqdled; and the Marshal qr his lawful Deputy is hereby enjoined to give Notice to One or more Justices when the Term of Three Months is expired for each such Negro or other Slave, or forfeit and pay for each and every such Neglect the Sum of Four Pounds Current Money. J '

XVI. And whereas lately sundry Negroes and other Slaves have deserted^heir Matters and Owners, and have withdrawn themselves into the late French Quarter, and there absconded themselves in the Grounds called the Salt Ponds, and other Grounds lying to Windward of Frigatt Bay, with Design and Intent not only to go over themselves to the Enemy when Oppor- tunity shall present, but also to persuade and entice other Negroes and Slaves so go with (hem, to the Prejudice of the Owners and the public Good and Welfare of this Island; Be it therefore -

Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That what Person or Persons soever, either White or Black, Free or Bond, shall take or apprehend such Negro or Negroes, pr other Slave or Slaves so absconding as aforesaid, in such Lands or Mountains about the Salt Ponds, or to Windward of Frigatt Bay, all and every such Person or Persons so taking and apprehend- Reward for *ppr«-ing such Negro or other Slave or Slaves, and bringing them safe to the Provost Marshal or handing sum ab.

' his lawful Deputy, shall receive as a Reward for taking and apprehending each and every such Sina^o'order to go Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, the Sum of Twenty Pieces of Eight, to be paid by the omtotheFitnch.

1 * Matter

Of Runaway

Slaves.

Penalty on harbouring runaway Si a vet.

PART UL

St, Christopher, —Slaves; for their Regulation, &c

Of Runaway Slaves.

Mailer or Owner of such Negro or Negroes/or other Slave or Slaves so taken as aforesaid, and the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy to be paid their Fees of Commitment for such Slave or Slaves as aforesaid, by their respective Owners j and such Slave or Slaves so committed, to remain in Custody in the Common Gaol until the Money and Fees be paid and dif-.charged in Manner as aforesaid j and upon written Publications put up in the most convenient Places-in this I Hand, by the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, of such Negroes lb taken up in Manner aforesaid, and giving the best and fairest Descriptions possible of their Persons, Marks, Features, and Countries, in case the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves , so taken up and in Custody as aforesaid shall not, within One Month’s Time after such Publication put up, come in and lay his, her, or their Claim or Claims to such runaway Slave or Slaves so taken up and in Custody as aforesaid, and make his, her, or their just Right and Property thereunto, then and in such Case the said runaway Slave or Slaves shall be sold at public Outcry, by the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, and, the Money and Charges deducted thereout, the Overplus to remain in the Hands of the Treasurer of this I Hand for the Time being, for and during the Space of Twelve Months, for the Use of the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves as aforesaid; and if none such appear' within that Time, then such Overplus to be employed for the Use of Her Majesty’s Fortifications in this Island.

Anno 1722. N° 52.

An ACT for attainting several Negroes therein mentioned, and for the more effectual preventing Negroes from running away from their Matters Service; and for explaining and rendering more effectual an Act, intituled, * An Act for the better Government of Negroes and other Slaves.”

III. AND, for the preventing any Negroes or other Slaves deserting their Matters Service for the future, and also for the encouraging such as are deserted to return thereto^ Be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Negro or other Slaves, who hath or shall have lived upon this Island for the Space of Twelve Months, shall at any Time after the Publication of this Act absent or withdraw himself from his Matter’s, Owner’s, or Renter’s Service, for the Term of Six Months in One continued Space of Time, or where any such Negro or other Slave that now is absent from his Matter’s, Owner’s, or Renter’s Service, shall not return to the fame within the Space of Three Months after the Publication of this Act, every such Offence shall be adjudged Felony, and the Offenders and every one of them shall suffer Death.

Reward for killingor And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who

taking them. shall kill any Negro or other Slave, who has been absent for the aforesaid Term of Six Months in One continued Space of Time from his Matter’s, Owner’s, or Renter’s Service, after the Publication of this Act, or shall apprehend or take any such Negro or other Slave, so as that he be legally convicted of such Offence, such Person or Persons shall receive a Reward for every such Negro or other Slave so killed or taken, from the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being (who is hereby authorized and required to pay the fame) upon due Proof made before any One Magistrate of this Island, of his or their killing such Negro'or other Slave, or upon Certificate of such Conviction from the Magistrate, before whom such Negro or other Slave was tried, the Sum of Six Pounds Current Money of this Island, or the Value thereof in Sugar.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Negro or other Slave is or shall be run away from the Service of his Matter, Owner, or Renter, every Negro or other Slave, who, knowing such Negro or other Slave is run away from his Matter’s, Owner’s, or Renter’s Service, shall entertain, harbour, receive or conceal, or any ways aid, assist, or comfort, afford or give Sustenance to any such Negro or other Slave so run away, shall, upon Conviction thereof, according to the Laws and Customs of this Island, for the First Offence be publicly whipped upon the bare Back with any Number of Stripes not exceeding Fifty j and if it shall happen that any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted a Second Time of the like Offence, he or they, upon such Second Conviction, shall be adjudged to be publicly whipped upon the bare Back with any Number of Stripes, not exceeding One Hundred; and if such Offender or Offenders shall be thereof convicted a Third Time, he or they upon such Third Conviction, shall be adjudged to have a further Number of Stripes, not exceeding ne hundred and Fifty, and so for each after Offence.

Penalty on fr«t P*r- ' VII. And every other free Person or Persons, who, knowing that such Negro or other ionUiarticunng, &c. Slave is run away from his Mailer’s, Owner’s, or Renters Service, shall entertain, harbour, receive or conceal, or any ways aid, assist, or comfort, afford or give any Sustenance to any ' 4 1 such

Entertaining, &c. runaway Slave*, bow U be punished.

Negroes absenting themselvee from their Owners Service, how to be punished.

St. Christopher.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

PART III.

Of Runaway Slaves.

such Negro or other Slave so run away, shall forfeit (to be levied as hereafter directedj) for the First Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds Current Money of this Island, and for the Second Offence double, and Six Months Imprisonmentj and for the Third Offence, One hundred Pounds, and One Year’s Imprisonment, and be moreover liable to pay for any such Offence, to the Owner of such runaway Negro or other Slave, such several Sum or Sums of Money as are mentioned and enacted in an Act of this Island, intituled, “ An Act for the better Government of * Negroes and other Slaves,” and passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign; which said afore-mentioned Act is hereby confirmed and declared to be in Force to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IX. And, for the easier and readier apprehending of any Negro or other Slave run away from his Matter’s or Owner’s Service, Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Matter or Owner of any Negro or other Slave, or any other Person or Persons by his Direction, to enter any Negro House or Houses by Night or Day, to search for any Negro or other Slave absenting himself from his Service, without any Warrant from any Magistrate for that Purpose, having given Notice thereof to the Matter, Owner, or Overseer on the said Plantation.

Negro Houses may be searched for such Slaves, &c.

X. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slave Penalty on thtir shall have absented himself from his Matter’s Service above the Space of Six Months, or Owaer* negieaing to shall have wilfully murdered any Christian, or Slave belonging to his own Matter, and Murder* &cfor the Matter or Owner of such Negro or other Slave shall conceal or neglect to prosecute such Ur * *’

Slave guilty of any the aforesaid Crimes, for the Space of Three Months after such Offence rommitted, that then and in such Case if any other Person shall prosecute such Slave for such Offence, arid he, she, or they shall be legally convicted thereof, the Matter or Owner of such Negro or other Slave shall forfeit and pay the full Value of the said Slave to the Person or Persons so prosecuting; and the Matter or Owner in such Case shall be and is hereby debarred from receiving from the Treasurer or Public of this Island any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration for such Negro or other Slave so convicted or executed, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And, for the more speedy and effectual inforcing the Payment of such Forfeiture, It is Penalties incurred by hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Justice of the Peace for this Owners of slave* Island may, in such Case, issue out his Warrant, directed to Two substantial Persons, to how to be levied* value and appraise such Negro or other Slave so prosecuted and convicted as aforesaid; and in case the Matter or Owner shall refuse to pay what he, she, or they shall be so appraised atto issue his Warranty to the Provost Marshal, or any Constable in the said Island, commanding him to levy the same upon the Goods and Chattels of such Matter or Owner, and to pay the fame to the Person or Persons so prosecuting as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that such Christians as shall The Name of the apprehend and bring any runaway Negro unto the Provost Marshal of this Island, or his De- ^“herded1 To*be deputy, or to the Gaol, shall deliver upon Oath an Account of the Name, and when and where Fivered on Oath. * he apprehended such fugitive Slave, and that he knew of no Ticket the Slave had, nor of his Owner; and the Keeper of the Gaol, at the Re-delivery of such Slave, shall take a Receipt of the Person to whom delivered, with a Description of the Slave delivered.

XVII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commanding Of- Commanding Officer freer on this Island for the Time being, if he shall have Notice of the Refitlence or Hiding *'^a 08w of any runaway Negroes or other fugitive Slaves, shall and may raise and arm, of Dragoons purue egrot*’ or Foot Militia, a sufficient Number of Men to pursue and apprehend or kill any such Negroes or other Slaves; and if any Person of the Dragoons or Foot Militia, being in Health and able to travel, shall refuse to go in quest of such Runaways, he shall forfeit Thirty Shillings Current Money; and whoever shall apprehend or take.any runaway Slave abfcontjing in the Mountains of this Island, or in the Lands lying to windward of Frigate Bay, or who hath been absenj from his Matter’s Service Two Months or more, shall receive as a Reward for taking and apprehending each and every such Negro, the Sum of Twenty-eight Shillings,

-to be paid by the.Owner of the said Negro, if delivered to him, or by the Marshal, if delivered to Gaol.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Negro or Negroe* differing Slave shall hear another Negro or Slave speaking any Words tending to Mutiny or Rebellion, ^"31*° or that shall have or shall prepare any Guns, Powder, Ball, Swords, or warlike Instruments, Reward on Convic-other than what are allowed for watching, and shall discover the fame to any Justice of the (ion of the Parties. Peaces the said Justice and One.other next Justice shall cause the Slave accused to be apprehended, and if they find the Accusation just, the said Slave shall be tried by Two Justices of the Peace, in the Manner as Murder and other Felonies are hereby before directed to be tried; and Part III. 5 U If

PART III.

(S'/. €hriftopher.-i-S\a.vt$ 5 for their Regulation, &C.

Of Runaway Slaves.*—Various Offences.—Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.

if the said Slave be found guilty and condemned to Death, he shall be appraised in such Manner as and at no greater Price than is appointed and limited in and by the above-mentioned. Act; and the Negro or Slave giving such Information shall be paid by the Treasurer, out of the Treasury, Three Pounds Current Money; but if any Negro or Slave so accusing or informing against any other Negro or Slave shall not make good his Accusation to the Satisfaction of the Persons who shall try the Negro or Slave so accused, then such Accuser shall have and receive such Punishment, not extending to Life or Member, as the said Justices shall think fit.

Ttfegroet Housei to be searched every 14 Pays, and Goods not honestly come by taken thereout, &c.

Various Offences.

Ptinifliraent of a Negro striking or wounding a White Person.

Persons not liable to any Prosecution for killing a Negro in their own Defence, fcc.

Trial of , and Proceedings thereon.

Anno 1722. N° 52.

XV. And that every Master, Mistress, or Overseer of a Family shall, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings Current Money, cause all his or her Negroes Houses to be searched Once every Fourteen Days at the lealt, for runaway Negroes, Clubs, wooden Swords, and other mischievous Weapons, and also for Clothes and other Goods not honestly come by j and what they suspect to be Helen they shall seize, and give Notice thereof to the Clerk or Constable of the Parish within Six Days after, who shall set up a short Notice of the fame on the Polls of the Church Door, whereby the Loser, declaring the Marks or describing the Goods, may havethe fame again without Costs or Charges.

Anno 1711. N° 2.

IV. AND be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slave oppose, struggle with, or strike any White Person whatsoever, upon Complaint made to the next Justice of the Peace, the said Negro or other Slave so offending shall be publicly whipped by the Constable of that Division, or some other Person which the said Justice shall appoint to do the fame, at the Discretion of the said Justice; but in case such White Person be hurt, wounded, bruised, or maimed by such Negro or other Slave, then and in. such case the Negro or other Slave shall be sentenced and adjudged to Death, Dismember» ing, or such other Punishment as Two Justices in their Discretion shall think fit.

VIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall kill a Negro or other Slave in just Defence of his Person or Property, or in his Pursuit of such Negro or other Slave being run away or broke out of Prison, and refitting or refilling to submit, such Person or Persons shall not be liable to any Prosecution, Mo-leftation, or Damage whatsoever, either in Law or Equity, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

31 oa. 1759.

An ACT for punishing with Death all Negroes and Slaves, who shall attempt to take away the Life of any White Man or free Person by Poison.

WHEREAS divers of your Majesty’s Subjects in this Island, have lately been in great Danger of Death, by Means of Poison being maliciously mixed with their Food, with an Intent to kill them, by Negroes and other Slaves; therefore we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Council and Assembly of the said Island of St. Christopher, pray your Majesty that it may be Enacted,

I. And be it Enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Governor in Chief of His Majesty’s Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of your Majesty’s Island of St. Christopher, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, if any Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, shall attempt to take away the Life of any White or free Person or Persons by Poison, that then and in every such case such Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, and their Accessaries or Abettors (being Slaves) shall be adjudged, and are hereby declared and made Felons, and shall suffer Death for the fame.

II. And be it further Enacted, That such Negro, or Slave or Slaves, their Accessaries and Abettors (being Slaves) shall be tried before any Two or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, who shall, upon Conviction, have Power by this Act to condemn such Negro, or Slave or Slaves, or such Accessaries or Abettors, to Death, and order Execution of such Sentence to be done upon such Criminal or Criminals, at such Time and Place, and in

U 2 such

part nr.

St. Christopher.—-Slaves; for their Regulation, &c;

‘trial of , and Proceedings

such Manner as the said Justice shall think fit, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals; directed to the Provost Marshal of the said Island, or his lawful Deputy.

III. Provided, That such Criminal or Criminals shall, before Execution, be appraised by Two Freeholders, and not to exceed the Value of Five thousand Pounds of Muscovado Sugar, rated at Twenty-five Shillings per Cent, for each Criminal, out of which the Provost Marshal, or Iris lawful Deputy, shall be paid Five hundred Pounds of Muscovado Sugary at the Rate aforesaid; and the Owner of each such Criminal shall be paid the Residue of the said Five thousand Pounds of Sugar at the fame Rate; and the Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby ordered to fee Execution' performed upon the said Criminal or Criminals accordingly.

Anno 1711. N*

An ACT for the better Government of Negroes and other Slave's.

WHEREAS the Behaviour of Negroes and other Slaves in this Island has of late; ir.d particularly since the War, been more insolent, and their Villanies more frequent and notorious than ever heretofore; therefore, for their better Government for the future, we your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief of all your Majesty’s Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Lieutenant Governor and Council of St. Christo-pher’s, together with the Assembly of the fame, humbly pray your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be Enacted and Ordained, and be it, and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Day of the Dace of this Act, it shall and maybe ^Aout^Joiy!^0* lawful for any Justice of the Peace of this Island, upon Complaint made to him of any Felony or other Crime committed by any Negro or other Slaves whatsoever on this Island, to issue out his Warrant for apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and him or them, within the Term of Three Days after his of their being in Custody, taking to his Assistance One other Justice of the Peace near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, without a Jury, to hear, examine, try, award, and appoint Pains and Penalties, and infiiCt or cause Execution to be done as to Life or Limb, or other Punishment, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, in which they are to regulate themselves to the known Laws and Practice of the Courts in England in all criminal cases, any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And in regard great Neglect and Delay hath been made heretofore by the Provost Marshal of this Island in the due Execution of his Office, upon the Body of such Criminals as aforesaid, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost Marshal of this Island for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy, upon Notices given him from the Justices of Peace n*n*eftin°g tolttend or either of them who awarded the Execution, of the Time and Place when and where any the Execution of any Negro Malefactor is to be executed, That he or they do not fail to attend the Discharge of criminal, their Duty and Function, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds Current Money, to be levied by Warrant of Distress upon the Goods and Chattels, to be signed and sealed by the next Justice of the Peace, directed to the Constable, and immediately to be sold at Outcry; and for Want of Assets} such Marshal, or his Deputy, so offending to be committed to the public Gaol, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the next Justice of Peace directed to the Constable j and for each and every such Execution so done and performed by the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, they shall be paid the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of Sugar, to be allowed out of the Sum for which such Negro so executed shall be appraised at j or in the Absence or Neg-leCl of the said Marshal and his Deputy, whosoever, being lawfully appointed, shall do or cause Execution to be done upon the Body of such Criminal or Malefactor as aforesaid, upon Certificate thereof from the Justice or Justices who awarded the Execution, he or they shall receive the Benefit of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds of Sugar, to be paid in Manner as aforesaid.

XIII. And, forasmuch as the Negroes and other Slaves, upon committing any Crime, fre- Negrots efc*P!n| quently escapeto the Mountains, so that they cannot be taken in a long Time; Be it further Month*!"* ” °Ur Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Negro or other Slave soever shall at any Time hereafter commit a Felony or other Crime, and shall absent him or themselves, so that he or they cannot be taken and brought to Trial in the Space of Four Months after the Crime committed, every such Negro or other Slatfe shall be artd is by virtue of this Act declared to be outlawed; and if the Matter or Owners of such Negro or other Slave be a Means of the hindering their being brought to Trial, every such Matter or Owner is hereby foreclosed and debarred of having any Benefit by this Act, or of receiving any Thing for such Negro or other Slave, if killed or brought to Trial by any other Means j and if any Person shall fend off his Negro that hath killed another, he shall pay unto the Owner of such Negro so killed as aforesaid.

6 XV. And,

PART in.

St. Christopher,*—Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

5Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.—Mutilating Slaves.

Jtftice* to make fur- XV. And, because it is not possible to foresee and provide against all the Difficulties that therneceflary Order*. may happen in the Execution of this Act, Be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace-in their Sessions may from Time to Time make and publish such further Orders and Regulations as shall be found necessary for the better Government of Negroes.

Penalty on Justice XVII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice of the Peace neglecting bn Duty. vjthin this Island shall negletfb or refuse to perform his Duty, as by this Act he is enjoined and required, he or they To offending or neglecting shall forfeit and pay for every such Ne-gleft or Refusal the Surrt of Twenty Pounds Current Money, to be sued for and recovered in any of her Majesty’s Courts within this Island, the one Half to the Informer, and the other Half towards the Fortifications of this Island.

justices t* fine Con- XVIII. And where any Clause of this Act requires the Marshal, or his Deputy, or the Sfcretio^"where'no Constable, to do or perform any Duty where a Penalty is not already mentioned, he or Penalty i» required, they so neglecting or refusing to do the fame, the Justice or Justices before whom the Matter lies shall fine such Person or Persons, for each such Offence, according to their Discretion, not exceeding Ten Pounds Current Money; and such and all other Penalties arising by virtue of this Act, not directed how to be levied or disposed of, shall be levied by \Varrant under the Hands and Seals of Two Justices of the Peace, on the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by the next Constable, and sold at public Outcry, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner; the Fines and Forfeitures to be, the one Moiety to the Informer, the other to her Majesty’s Use, and applied to the Fortifications of this Island.

Anno 1722. N° 52.

VIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Felonies or other Crimes created by this Act, and committed by any Slave, shall be tried and adjudged; and all Slaves condemned to die, before Execution, shall be valued and appraised, to be paid for by the Treasurer of this Island, as is directed by the aforesaid Acts; and in all Trials of Negroes or other Slaves the Justice or Justices shall and may hear the Evidence of any other Slave, and give such Credit thereunto as he or they shall in Conscience be convinced such Evidence deTerves.

Mutilating

Slaves.

Slaves 5 for their Protection, See.

11 Mar. 1784.

An ACT to prevent the cutting off or depriving any Slaves in this Island of any of their Limbs or Members, or otherwise disabling them.

WHEREAS some Persons have of late been guilty of cutting off and depriving Slaves of their Ears, which Practice is contrary to the Principles of Humanity, and dishonourable to Society i for Prevention whereof in future. Be it Enacted by the Governor in Chief of the Islands of Saint Christopher and Nevis, and the Council and Assembly of the Island of Saint Christopher, That if any Owner or Possessor of any Negro or other Slave in this Island shall wilfully and wantonly cut out or disable, or cause or procure to be cut out or disabled, the Tongue, put out or cause or procure to be put out an Eye, flic the Nose, Ear, or Lip, or cut off a Nose, Ear, or Lip, or cause the fame to be done, or break or cause to be broken the Arm, Leg, or any other Limb or Member, of any Negro or other Slave in this Island, such Owner or Possessor shall, on due Conviction thereof in any Court of Record in this Island, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Current Money, and suffer Six Months Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of this Island, and for Want of sufficient to pay the fame, shall suffer Twelve Months Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of this Island, one Half of such Forfeiture to be paid to any Person who shall give

5 Information

St- Christopher*—Slaves; for their Protection,

PART III.

6cc.

Mutilating

Information of the Offence, the other Half to the Treasurer of this Island. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall wilfully and wantonly cut out, disable, or cause and procure to be cutout and disabled the Tongue, put out, or cause or procure to be put out an Eye, or flit the Nose, Ear, or Lip, or cut off a Nose, Ear, or Lip of any Negro or other Slave, or cause or procure the fame to be done, or cut off any Limb or Member of any Negro or other Slave, or cause or procure the fame to be done, or break, or cause or procure to be broken the Arm, Leg, or any other Limb of any Negro or other

prisonment. One Half of such Forfeiture to the Owner of such Negro or other Slave, and the other Half to be paid to the public Treasurer. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Negro or other Slave should at any Time have his Tongue cut out or disabled, his Eye put out, his Nose, Ear, or Lip flit, his Nose, Ear, or Lip, or any other Member cut off, or any Limb or any Member broken in this Island, and no Person or Persons have been convicted of having been guilty of such Offence, the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby directed to apprehend such Negro or other Slave, and confine him, her, or them in the Common Gaol; and in case the Owner of such Negro or other Slave shall not, within Sixty Days after Publication made by the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, in the public Newspapers in this Island, of his having taken up and confined in the Common Gaol such Negro or other Slave, prove upon Oath before any Magistrate of this Island, either by himself or some credible Witness, that he did not wilfully cut out or disable the Tongue, put out the Eye, flit the Nose, Ear, or Lip, or cut off the Nose, Ear, or Lip, or any Limb or Member of any such Negro or other Slave, or cause the fame to be done, such Negro or other Slave shall be forfeited to the Use of the Public of this Island, and the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby directed to fell such Negro or other Slave at Public Sale, in the Town of Basseterre, in the Presence of Six White Persons at least, within Six Days after the Expiration of the Term hereinbefore allowed to Owners to make Oath as aforesaid of their Innocence, and the said Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, is hereby directed to pay all such Monies as such Negro or other Slave shall have been fold for, into the public Treasury of this Island, after deducting the Charges and Expences attending the apprehending, confining, and felling such Negro or other Slave as aforesaid •, and the Sale of the said Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, shall give a good Title to any Purchaser of such Negro or other Slave: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall prevent

whenever such Owner or other Persons shall be convicted of any of the Offences hereinbefore mentioned. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Forfeitures as are before directed to be paid into the public Treasury of this Island, shall remain for the Use of the Public thereof* to be paid and applied in such Manner as the Legislature shall direct.

Slave not belonging to such Person or Persons so offending, shall, on due Conviction thereof in any Court of Record in this Island, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Current Money of the said Island, and suffer Six Months Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of this Island, and for Want of sufficient to pay the fame, shall suffer Twelve Months Im-

Owners and others from suffering the Pains and Penalties hereinbefore directed to be inflicted.

PART III.

JX

VIRGIN

PART III.

VIRGIN ISLANDS.

The Law on the Subject of Slaves, in these I Hands, is contained in an Act passed

the 6th of February 1783.

Slaves considered as Property.

6th Feb. 1783.

Value of Slaves executed.—Of Gaming.

III. AND that, on the Conviction and Condemnation of any and all Slaves, and previous Slave* conviaed to be

to the Execution to be done on any and all of them, according to Sentence, the said Justices shall issue their Warrant or Warrants for nominating and appointing any Three Free- Three to be nomi-holders, who are hereby authorized and required to set a Value on and appraise the Offender or nat^~The AP* Offenders so convicted and sentenced to Deathj and such Appraisement being made upon Oath, o«h,^uraedon3j6 (which the said Justices are hereby commissioned to administer) and returned by said Freeholders, Back, which will title or any Two of them, under their Hands and Seals, shall be deemed sufficient for the Treasurer by the T«forerP*1<1 of these Islands to pay unto the Owner or Owners of such Offenders as shall be hereafter di- of Slaves rested, according to the Nature of their different Offences and Crimes. executed.

IV. And whereas Appraisements, by amounting to large Sums, may thereby encourage too That where Negroes rigorous and frequent Prosecutions; Be it Enacted, and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by A*111* condemned the Authority aforesaid, That in every Cafe where any Negro shall be condemned to Death for running away, no Appraisement of such condemned Negro shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds ment shall exceed Currency for a Man, and Forty-five Pounds like Money for a Woman Slave, excepting all such f'

Slaves who in Gangs, to the Number of Ten or upwards, shall run away, or be absent from Woman,except where their Master, Mistress, or Employer, for the Space of Ten or more Days; and in such Case, Slave* run away in then, the Requisitions of this Act to be pursued as in Manner before recited. 0 *nor

Slaves £ for their Regulation, c*

XXX. Whereas many Mischiefs and Inconveniencies have arisen, and do daily happen, from the maintaining and encouraging of sundry idle, loose, and disorderly Mustees, Mulattoes, -and Negroes, as well Free as Slaves, in their dishonest and dissolute Course of Gaming, to the circumventing, deceiving, cozening, and debauching of many of the younger and better Sort, particularly those entrusted with Goods and Effects belonging to their Employers or Owners, and to the Loss of the fame, and the valuable Time which ought to be exercised in more confident and laudable Employments, according to their respective Callings and Duties j and, for the Prevention and Discontinuance of this Evil (which also tends to promote frequent Robberies and Thefts, to support the Practitioners under their Lcffes at Play, and in their future Ability to pur-sue their destructive Practices of unlawful Games) Be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Autho- Negro*, Mulatto*, rity aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, within these Islands, shall, after the Day fKraGxming.

of the Date hereof, be convicted before any One or more of His Majesty’s Justices, by One or more Evidences, of receiving, entertaining, or encouraging, in his, her, or their Habitation or Dwelling, or within the Plantation where he, she, or they shall be Proprietor or Proprietors,

Part III. 5 Y Renter

part nr. Virgin Islands.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Of Gaming.—Selling Sugar, &c.—Planting Cotton.

Renter or Renters, Resident or Residents, in any other Capacity, any Mustee, Mulatto, or Negro, at any Time or Times, For the Promotion or Sufferance of any Play at or with Cards, Dice, Billiards, Tables, Skittles, Shovel Board, Quoits, Nine Pins, or in or by Cock-fighting, or any other Game or Games whatever, he, she, or they, being White, shall forfeit, for the First Offence, Fifty Pounds; for the Second, Seventy-five, Current Gold and Silver Money of these Islands; and on every Repetition after of the Offence, the Offender or Offenders shall be fined in double the last-mentioned Sum, and be moreover bound to appear at the next Court of Sessions, or Court of Oyer and Terminer, which shall be held for these Islands after Conviction thereof, to be further dealt withal by the Justices of the Court, who are hereby impowered to impose any Mulct not less than One hundred Pounds, nor more than Two hundred Pounds; and in case of Inability to comply, by Payment of the Fine, to suffer Imprisonment, or such corporal Correction as the Court shall enjoin: And should the Place of Rendezvous be detected in the House or Dwelling of any Free Negro, Mustee, or Mulatto, the Owner thereof shall be subject to any Fine the Magistrate shall think proper to impose, not less than Fifty, or more than Seventy-five Pounds, over and above the Sum of Thirty Pounds, which every Free Mullee, Mulatto, or Negro present shall forfeit, and such corporal Correction as the Justice in his Discretion shall order, not exceeding Thirty-nine Stripes for the First, or Fifty for any succeeding Offence; and all Slaves of every Denomination found gaming shall be publicly punished by Whipping, Pillory, or Imprilbnmer.t, as the Magistrate before whom convicted shall direct; and all Monies to be derived from the aforesaid Forfeitures shall be levied by Warrant of the Magistrates, under their Hands and Seals-, before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, directed to the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy; and when recovered, the One Half to go to the Informer, and the other Half to be paid into the Treasury, to be appropriated to the Uses of His Majesty’s Forts and Fortifications in these Islands.

Certain Article* shall not be purchased from Slaves.

Selling Su, (sic.

Transgressors shall suffer One Month’* Imprisonment, and fined 10/. for First Offence; for Second Offence Punishment doubled, and so in Proportion for each future Offence.

XXII. And be it moreover Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the Publication hereof, buy any Sugar, Cotton, Rum, Syrup, Molasses, Wine, or other strong Liquors, Plate, Wearing Apparel, HouseholJ Goods, Horses, horned or.other Cattle (Goats and Hogs excepted) Building Timber, Coble or other Boats, from any Slave or Slaves, and such Purchaser or Buyer be legally convicted of such Transgression, shall suffer One Month’s Imprisonment, and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds Current Money, for the First Offence; Two Months Imprisonment, and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, for the Second; and Six Months Imprisonment, and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, like Current Money, for the Third Offence, and so on in like Proportion and Degree for each and.every, future Offence;.the One Half of such Fine to be given to the foie Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons informing against such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, and the other Half to His Majesty,.for the Use of the Public of these Islands.

Planting Cotton. ' XXIII. And whereas the Indulgence given by their Owners to Negroes and other Slaves to propagate and reap Cotton on their Plantations, and to expose the fame to Sale within ‘ . these Islands, having proved prejudicial to the Interest of White Persons desirous of cultivating

•small Plantations or Parcels of Land for the Growth of that Commodity, whose Industry is liable and exposed to frequent Injuries by Slaves, who, under their Permission to raise that Plant, and to traffic the Product thereof, leek Opportunities to steal from any Plantations contiguous to their Grounds, and acquire a Sanction to dispose of the Plunder as their rightful and licensed Property; Slaves prevented fresh Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, for the Suppression of Thefts of this Kind, ?ifwene&e°,ton *" and for the Encouragement and increasing the Number of White Inhabitants and Settlers in these

’ ’ Islands, That the present Crop of Cotton only, already planted in the Grounds allotted to Negroes

and other Slaves, be without Hindrance reaped and delivered to their Owners, who may sell the same, for their Advantage and Benefit, for and during the Term of Six Calendar Months after the Publication of this Act; and if after that limited Period any Person or Persons shall suffer or allow any Slave or Slaves whatsoever to plant Cotton in his, her, or their Estate or Estates, or Plantation or Plantations, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay One hundred Pounds Current Money for the First Transgression, Two hundred Pounds like Money for the Second, and lb on in similar Proportion for every future Offence of this Nature, on Conviction before Three or more Justices (One of whom to be of the Quorum) or by Indictment or Information before the Justices of the Peace in any Court of Sessions, or Justices of Court of Oyer and Terminer, which shall be held in, and for these Islands; the Moiety of which Fine or Fines for said Offences shall go to the foie Use and Benefit of the Informer or Informers, and the other Half to His Majesty, for the public Uses of these Islands.

t

stolen Goods pre- ' XXV. And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons vedr°&c^suspected to trade with Slaves for stolen Goods, shall be obliged, on Complaint thereof to a Justice, to enter into Bonds of Recognizance, with Two sufficient Freeholders as Security, for' the Performance thereof, before Two Justices, not to trade or traffic, barter or truck, with any Slave or Slaves contrary to the preceding or any other subsequent Part of this Act; and

part ur.

Virgin Islands. Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Planting away Staves.—Acting as Porters.

any Person or Persons being afterwards reasonably suspected of having Goods unlawfully acquired, he, she, or they fin a] 1 be compelled to give Account (and make Proof thereof) at the Court of Sessions, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer which shall be hereafter held in and for these Islands, how he became possessed of the fame, otherwise his Recognizance shall be and is hereby forfeited.

XXVIII. And be it also Enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall take away any Those pHniflied ^:ih Slave or Slaves, or delude or entice him or them away from the Owners or Possessors thereof, Twa/ivim and endeavour to carry any or all of them off these Islands, shall be guilty of Felony, and ex- their Matter*, and eluded the Benefit of Clergy j and any Person or Persons who shall hire or employ any Negro, (henrTJff theit in'ands j or their Slave, in any Work or Labour whatever, without previously having a personal Consent, and en-pioying Nc-or without Licence from the Owner or Pofi'effor for that Purpose, shall, on Proof thereof made gross without Con-before One Justice, by his Order, pay unto the said Owner or Possessor (for each Slave, if ,6/.0per Die”,'an?* Tradesman, Sailor, Sempstress or Walher) One Pound and Thirteen Shillings, and for other if Tradesmen, &c. Callings or Denominations, Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, for every Twenty-four Hours the 1 ',3i' &c*

Slave shall be absent from the Owner or Possessor i and on Proof of the said Slave being per- Enticing away fuaded or enticed to be lo hired and employed, or to quit, without Leave or Consent, his Pof- Slaves. feflor’s Duty, the Person in whose Service the Slave shall be found shall pay, by like Order and'

Direction, double the Penalty for every Twenty-four Hours Absence; and if any Person shall detain any Runaway Slave who shall be apprehended, longer than Twenty-four Hours, without fending the fame (if he or she can by any Ways be known to whom belonging) to the Owner or Possessor, or without delivering the Slave to the Marshal or his Deputy, to be dealt with as herein is directed, shall pay to the Possessor or Owner, by Order also of a Justice, Twelve Shillings for each common Slave, and for every Slave of superior Quality, Twenty-four Shillings, per Diem, as long as detained, whose Qualifications shall be decided by the Magistrate; and if the Slave be entertained or employed in any Work during the Detention after said Twenty-four Hours, the Employer shall, by similar Award, pay One Pound Thirteen Shillings for every common Slave, and Three Pounds Six Shillings for each Slave of superior Quality, for every Twenty-four Hours Absence, to the Owner or Possessor.

• XXIXi For the effectual Suppression of a prevalent and injurious Custom, for hiring and employing Slaves under the Sanction of their being permitted to go about the Towns and Country to hire themselves out, to take their own Liberty, and pay their Proprietors for their Time; by which Means many Slaves who were actually Runaways, under Pretence of working out, or being at Liberty to hire themselves, have been employed, unknown to their Owners, and often Robberies are committed by such Slaves; and furthermore, for Encouragement to an Establishment from which great. Utility is to be derived to the Community in the Intercourse of Business; Be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners, Renters, or others legally Slaves not to act as concerned therein, who shall be disposed to employ their Slaves as Porters to carry Burdens, from the or convey Letters, Packets, or Messages, to and from any Part of the Island, shall, from and Treasurer or Deputy, after the Publication of this Act, be enjoined to give in the Names of such Slave or Slaves to &c-be employed, to the Treasurer, or his lawful Deputy, of these Islands; who is hereby required to AEling as Por-receive and insert the fame, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, in a Book or ters.

Registry to be duly kept for that Purpose, together with the limited Time the Slave is to serve in that Capacity; who is to be furnished by the Treasurer, at the Expence of the Owner or

Owners, with a Badge made of Lead, or any other Metal, on which the Word PORTER, together with his, and the Name of the island where to he belongs, shall in capital Letters, and the Number of the Ticket in large Figures, be stampt, engraved, or inscribed, which he shall continually, during the Hours of Duty, wear hung round his Neck, or on Ibme conspicuous Part of his Body, denoting the Licence for exercising his Trade: And every Porter, for each Days Hire, shall receive Four Shillings; and for each Burden under the Weight of Twenty Pounds, and for each Packet, Letter, or Message,. which he shall convey to or from any Part within the Precinct of the Town, he shall receive Nine Pence; and for all Burdens exceeding Twenty Pounds, at and after the Rate of One Farthing for every Pound over and above,the Weight of Twenty Pounds; and for ailBurdens of and under Twenty Pounds Weight, Packets, Letters, or Messages, which lie shall faithfully and expeditiously convey and carry into the Country, he shall receive a Gratuity at and after the Rate of Nine Pence for the First Mile, and Six Pence for every Mile after: If any such Porter shall refuse to attend, and be it the Point known by the Name of Purcell’s Point, in the Road Town at Tortola, and in the Valley at Spanish Town, . c -

and at Great Harbour at Joes Van Dykes (which Places are hereby appointed to be Stands or Rendezvous, from Sunrise in the Morning, to Sunset at Night, throughout the Year) or to work -by the Day, or Job, as shall be required, within the Times allotted, or flrall demand by Agreement beforehand, or after the Labour done, any exorbitant Price, moreover than is herein stipulated, it JhSll be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to hear a Complaint for such Refusal to work, or exorbitant Hire taken or demanded, and to punish such offending Person at Discretion, according to the Heinousness of the Offence; and if any. Free Negro, Mulatto, or Mustee, shall be j inclined

PART HI.

Virgin Islands.—-Slaves; for their Regulation, See.

Acting as Porters.—Owning Slaves, Hor/es, &c.— Beating Drums, —Search.

inclined to become Porters, and submit to and qualify under the Regulations and Restrictions enjoined in this Act, the Treasurer or his Deputy is hereby authorized and required to receive and register the Names of any or all such Person or Persons, and to distribute Badges accordingly. Fifty of which are forthwith, after the passing of the Ad, to be provided, which shall be the stipulated Number of Persons to be employed under the Denomination of Porters; and every and all Person or Persons (not being Whites) who, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall, after Publication, presume to ad or labour in that Vocation, on Conviction thereof being made before Two Magistrates, shall for the First Offence forfeit Five Pounds Current Money, for the Second, Ten Pounds, and for the Third, Twenty Pounds like Money, and suffer Imprisonment for such Time, or other Correction, as the Justices at their Discretion shall inflid: And each and all Owner or Owners, Renter or Renters, or Person or Persons any Way concerned, who shall, in Violation to this Law, allow or countenance any Slave or. Slaves to do or perfo*rm the Work or Trade of a Porter, but under and pursuant to the Requisitions and Observances herein directed, shall, on Conviction thereof made before Two or more Justices of the Peace, allb forfeit for the First Five Pounds, for the Second Ten Pounds Current Money, which shall be doubled for every succeeding Offence, and the Slave or Slaves shall moreover receive any Number of Stripes which the Magistrates shall be pleased to order, according to the Nature of the Offence; and the Fines incurred, in case of Non-compliance, are hereby directed to be levied by Warrant to the Provost Marshal or his Deputy, under the Hands and Seals of the Justices who shall hear and determine the Complaints, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, and for Want of Goods whereon to levy, the Offenders shall be committed to the Gaol of these Islands, there to remain until the next Court of Sessions or Court of Oyer and Terminer, where they may be further dealt with as shall be ordered by the Court; and all Monies which shall be received from the Forfeitures aforesaid shall go and enure, the One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the public Treasury of these Islands, to be disposed of as the Commander in Chief for the Time being, and the Council and Assembly, shall think fit.

Owning Slaves, Vorses, &c.

Owners or Renters of Slaves to take into their own Possession all -Slaves, Holies, and Horned Cattle, owned by their Slaves —Renter to account to Proprietor for the Value thereof, &c.

Owners or others not to suffer Slaves to beat Drums or make use of loud lnftiu-ments, or m2ke great Feasts, or promote the Meeting of strange Slaves in their Plantations, See.

The Forfeiture for offending.

Beating Drums,

Proviso.

XLI. And whereas the unwary Indulgences of Proprietors to their Slaves have crept imperceptibly into great Excess within these Islands, by granting them a Licence of owning and purchasing Slaves and Cattle, by which they become aggrandized, insolent, and contumacious, dif-regarding the necessary Decorum which ought to be supported in a prudent and well-regulated Police, and most probably will be fraught with most fatal, ruinous, and destructive Events, un- , less timely checked and prevented; Be it by the Authority aforesaid Enabled, That no Proprietor nor Renter of any Slave shall hereafter permit any of their Slaves to buy or keep any Slave, nor Horses, nor Homed Cattle; and that every Proprietor and Renter shall be and are hereby strictly enjoined, within Thirty Days after the Publication hereof, to take into their own possession all and every such Slave or Slaves and Horned Cattle as their own Property, the Renter accounting to the Proprietor for the full Value thereof; and if it shall be found that any Owner or Renter (or their Representatives) of Slaves owning or possessing other Slaves or Cattle, contrary to this Act, each offending Person shall forfeit such Slave or Horned Cattle, and the fame be fold, after Conviction before the Justices, and the Monies arising from such Sales be paid into the Treasury, for the public Uses thereof.

XIX. And no Owner, Renter, Employer, or Overseer of Negroes, or other Slaves, shall suffer any Slave or Slaves belonging to or under his or her Care and lnlpe&ion, to unseasonably beat Drums, blow Horns, or use any loud or alarming Instruments, or allow of great Feasts and Meetings of strange Slaves in his, her, or their Plantations, or in the Yards or Negro Houses belonging to his, her, or their Habitation, in any Town within these Islands, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds Current Money, One Half to be paid into the Treasury, for the public Uses thereof, and the other Half to the Informer, for every such Transgression; provided Information of the lame be made and given upon Oath to One or more of His Majesty’s Justices, within One Month after the Offence, who is and are hereby impowered to recover, and order the Penalty to be immediately paid in Manner aforesaid.

Owner* of Slaves to XX. And every Mailer, Mistress, or Overseer of a Family, shall and is hereby required to cauie their Negro cause every and all his or her Negro Houses to be searched Once in every Three Months, for once^ThraMMi^ Runaways; for Clubs, mischievous \Veapons, and unlawful Drums; for Clothes and other Goods for Runaway*, and not honestly or legally procured; and all Goods or Clothes whatsoever found, which may be and^ra^dT&J’ suspected to stolen or illegally attained, shall be seized, and Notice thereof given to the * c* Provost Marshal or his Deputy, within Six Days after, who shall advertise the fame, so that the Search. Person or Persons, from whom such Articles may have been stolen, by declaring the Marks, or.

describing their Goods (which Description corresponding with those found) may have the fame, returned, free from all Coils and Charges; and upon Information given before One or more Justices, by any credible Testimony, of the Non-observance of this Requisition, jhe Defaulter or Defaulters therein shall forfeit and pay Five Pounds Current Money for each Neglect, to be Recovered by Warrant or Order of the Magistrate before whom the Information shall be lodged.

6 XV. Ao<2

Virgin Islands.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c;

PART III.

Carrying Fire , (*?c.—Going abroad.—Runaway Slaves.

XV. And be it also Enabled, That if any Slave shall be taken, out of a Plantation to we°a'on?out

which he belongs, with any Fire Arms, Cutlasses, Swords, Pikes, or Lances, or other hurtful Wea- of the Piaha^bn’he pons, not having a Ticket from the Owner or Possessor of such Slave permitting the carrying the Jjdong* to,without a fame, or not being under the Order and Direction of a White Person then present, or sent on some be^g und^order * Errand to be lawfully txecuted by such Slave, any Person or Persons may seize such Slave, with Direaionof a white the Arms and Weapons, or the Arms or Weapons distin&ively, and carry the Offender and Arms, without^hTgVent on or either, before a Justice; who shall order the Arms to be forfeited, and the fame are hereby de- some Errand to be dared forfeited to the Person or Persons seizing the fame, unless the Persons claiming shall pay Hw to

the Sum of Thirty Shillings for the Redemption thereof, and the transgressing Slave receive bejjunifted forfach Thirty-nine Stripes on his bare Back, or such other Punishment as the Justice in his Discretion offence, shall be pleased to inflict; but in case a Ticket was given for carrying the Arms, and the fame be ^ei^rJapon ,0 * proved to have been loft, or to have been taken from the Slave; or ifthe Slave shall be proved to Fire

be on that Day attendant on his Master, and carrying his Arms to the Places or Rendezvous of Public Duty, or returning Home with the fame, then, upon Oath thereof made before a Magis- For wh’t jt b# trate by an Owner, Renter, Overseer, or White Servant, the Arms shall be returned, exempt from redeemed. 1 Forfeiture and all Charges whatsoever.

XVI. And be it also Enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall hereafter fell, barter, or give to any Slave any Fire Arms, Cudafles, or other hurtful or offensive Weapon, except those usually given for Watchmen, or by Order of the Commander in Chief, for the Time being, of these Islands, for the Use, Service, or Defence of the fame, by and with the Consent of the Council (and, should Time permit, in cases of Invasion or Insurrection, of the Assembly) thereof, he, she, or they shall forfeit from Ten to Fifty Pounds Currency, according to the Nature of the Offence, to be recovered by One Justice, and placed in the Treasury, for the Use of His Majesty’s Forts and Fortifications.

Offensive Weapon* not to be given to Slaves, excepting such as are usually given to Watchmen, unless by Order of the Commander in Chief, by Consent of the Council, &c. The Forfeiture, &c.

XVIII. And by the Authority aforesaid be it Enacted, That no Owner or Possessor of No slave*, except Negroes, or other Slaves, shall permit them, or either of them, to go out of their respective ownmPerson«thtor Plantations or Homes (except such as they appoint to attend their Persons) without a Ticket go out of their Own-signed by the Owner, Possessor, Manager, or Overseer, or some other White Person dwelling on "* plant?tion*or the Estate, specifying the Time of Absence allowed the Slave or Slaves: Provided, nevertheless, T?cket.With°Ut * that it is hereby permitted and allowed to all Negroes and other Slaves to pass unmolested to Market, and to return to their Habitations, on Sundays and other Days, from the Riling of the proviso.

Sun till Eight p’Clock at Night; and if any Owner and Possessor of a Plantation, or a Manager dwelling thereon, in the Absence of the Proprietor or Renter, shall find any Slave or Slaves on said Plantation without a Ticket, or sent on some Business from his, her, or their Owner, or the Manager of the Estate to which he, she, or they shall belong, it is hereby directed, and the Person and Persons as above named is and are impowered to chastise the Offender or Offenders by Whipping, not exceeding Twelve Stripes dr Lashes; and if any of the Offender or Offenders shall be armed with dangerous Clubs, Sticks, or any other hurtful Weapon, he, she, ;or they shall be instantly disarmed; and after having received a Correction by such Number of Lathes as shall be ordered to be publicly inffidled by any One or more of His Majesty’s Justices, before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be forthwith brought, he, she, or they shall be delivered and sent to his, her, or their Owner or Employer.

II. And be it hereby further Enacted, That if any Negro or other Slave, who hath or shall have lived in these Islands for the Space of Twelve Months, shall, at any Time after the Publication of this Act, absent or withdraw.him or herself from his or her Master, Owner’s,

Renter’s, or Possessor’s Service, for the Term of Three Months in any one continued Space of Time, or Six Months in Two Years, such Offence or Crime shall be adjudged Felony, and each and all the Offenders shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as the Justices, from, the Cir-Cumstances of the Cafe, shall judge proper; and if Slaves above Sixteen Years of Age run away in Gangs of Ten in Number or more, and keep out Ten Days or more from any One Plantation, then One. of such Absentees, being the Ringleader, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as the Justices shall fee fit, and the other Offenders shall suffer such Punishment as the said Justices shall award, which shall not extend to the Deprivation of Life.

Runaway Slaves.

The Manner in which Slaves shall be punished for running away, either singly or in Gangs of Ten or more.

VI. And be it moreover Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall kill any Negro or other Slave in Pursuit unavoidably, who has^ been absent for the aforesaid Term of Three Months in One continued Space of Time, or Six Months in Two Years, from his or her Master’s, Owner’s, Renter’s, or Possessor’s Service, is and are not only indemnified, to all Intents and Purposes, but shall receive the following Gratuities; namely, for every Negro or other Slave so unavoidably killed in Pursuit the Sum of Three Pounds, and for every Negro or other Slave apprehended and taken alive the Sum of Si5c Pounds Current Money, which shall be paid by the Treasurer of this Island, upon Proof being made before a Justice of the killing or apprehending of the Offender or Offenders, and upon Certificate thereof under the- Hand and Seal of the Magistrate.

Part III. £ Z VII. And

Persons unavoidably killing runaway Slaves to be indem* nified, and receive a Gratuity.

How a Person apprehending runaway Slaves is to be re-warded.

PART in.

Virgin Islands.—Staves; for their Regulation, See.

Runaway Slaves.

The Value of Run- VII. And be it also Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons whole. fuIt7or^xe^utecKUto Slaves shall be taken, convicted, and condemned to Death for such Offences, shall receive the full be ascertained and Value of such Convict or Convicts out of the Treasury of such Islands, which shall be ascertained P4*1, by Appraisement of Three Freeholders, properly directed to make the fame by Warrant of the

In what Manner. Justice* before whom the Slave or Slaves was or were committed; and the Owner or Owners,

Employer or Employers, of such Slave or Slaves who shall be killed in Pursuit, shall receive the full Value thereof, according to the Pretium fixed on by Two credible White Persons who have, been acquainted with the Persons and Characters of the Slain, and shall be sworn to the fame before a Justice of the Peace, which shall be certified under his Hand and Seal, for the Guidance and Indemnification of the Treasurer in his making such Payments as in these Instances are herein required and directed.

The Manner in which VIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Negro or other furaway3slave’s' afe Slave is or shall be run away and have deserted from the Service of his Mailer, Owner, Renter, or

to be punished. Possessor, every other Negro or Slave, within this Community, knowing of such Desertion, who

shall entertain, harbour, receive, or conceal, or by any other Ways and Means aid, assist, comfort, afford, or give any Sultenance to any Slave or Slaves so run away, shall, upon Conviction thereof before One Justice of the Peace, be publicly whipped on the bare Back with any Number of Stripes not less than Fifty, nor more than One hundred, at the Discretion of the Magillratej The Manner in and if any White Person or Persons, or Free Negro, Mulatto, or Mustee, knowing any Mu"*’ Slave or Slaves to be run away from the Use and Employ of his, her, or their Owner lattoei, or Mustee*, or Owners, or Employer, shall entertain, harbour, receive, or conceal, or otherwise aid,

comfort, afford, or give Sultenance to any such offending Slave or Slaves, he, Ihe, ni&ed’. * "P ” and they, for the First Transgression shall forfeit Twenty Pounds; for the Second, Fifty Pounds; and for the Third, One hundred Pounds Current Money of these Islands, and shall be moreover liable to be prosecuted, and pay the Owner or Owners, or Employer or Employers, of such Slave or Slaves, all Forfeitures and Penalties hereinafter expressed; and if such Free Person or Persons will not or cannot immediately pay the Fines hereby imposed for entertaining runaway Slaves, he, she, or they shall be imprisoned Three Calendar Months in lieu of the Fine for the First Offence, Six Months in lieu of the Second, and Twelve Months in lieu of the Third Offence, unless the Fine, Colls, and all due Fees, are sooner paid.

The Employer or IX. And, for the more ready and easy apprehending runaway Slaves, Be it further Enacted by Person*'fdui^au*^ Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners, or Renter or thorieed by a War- Renters, or Employer or Employers, of any runaway Slave or Slaves, or any other Person or rant from a Persons (duly authorized by a Warrant from a Magistrate) by his Directions, and in his Aid, to

seal^'all Negro’ *° enter into any Negro House belonging to any other Person or Persons, and upon Refusal of opea-Houses, and, if of- ing, to break the Doors of any Negro House, by Day or by Night, for the Purpose of searching Soor* of any3Negro ^OT runaway Slave or Slaves; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever,0 wher. Renter, or others, House*, by Day or shall oppose such Warrant, by hindering, threatening, or deterring, any Person from making Search Ni8awa,0sf*ave» for a^ter anV runaway Slave or Slaves, each Person mail pay and forfeit, for every such Offence, Forfeiture imposed Ten Pounds Currency: And if any Person or Persons shall, in making, aiding, or assisting so on those who shall such Search, beat, abuse, wound, hurt, or evilly treat any Slave or Slaves, without just Cause, oppose such Warrant. the offender and Offenders, upon Conviction before Two Magistrates, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Currency, and be liable,to the Action of the Party injured for further Damages.

The Provost Marshal /hall be obliged to receive all Runaways brought to him into his Costody—What he /hall pay the B ringer.

How he shall a6h

Under what Forfeiture.

X. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost Marshal of these Islands, or his Deputy, shall be obliged to receive all Runaways brought to him into his Custody, and shall pay the Bringer Three Shillings for taking the said Runaway, and Nine Pence per Mile for as many Miles as the said Negro is brought to Gaol from the Place taken at; and the said Marshal is to keep the said Slave or Slaves in safe Custody, and in a List at the Prison Door shall insert the Names of the Negroes in his Custody, their Age, and their Owners Names (if known) against the Names of the Negroes belonging to him, her, or them; and in case the said Marshal fail to pay the Bringer, or receive the Slave or Slaves brought, or to put up their Names, he shall forfeit Five Pounds for every Fault, to be recovered before a Justice;

Marshal not to fufitr XI. And in case the said Marshal fliAl wilfully or neglectfully suffer an Escape, any Way such Runaway* to whatsoever, of the Slave by him received, or employ him in any Work, he shall pay the suffer thereto0* as in case of any Person’s detaining another’s Slave above Twenty-four Hours, until such

perish—Under what Slave be delivered to the Owner, or forfeit Fifty Pounds Current Money; and in case any Penalty—What and perish in Custody for Want, he shall forfeit Fifty Pounds like Money: The Marshal to

be paid for receiving have Three Shillings for taking such Slave into Custody, and Two Shillings each Twenty-four and keeping the fame. Hours the Slave lies in Prison; as also, upon the Marshal’s Delivery of any Slave or Slaves to

5 Z 2 his

f ART lit.

Virgin Islands.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Runaway Slaves.

his Owner or Possessor, the Sum of Three Shillings, besides Nine Pence per Mile, which the Bringer of the said Slave or Slaves has received from the Provost Marshal or his Deputy..

XII. And if any Slave or Slaves lie in Gaol so long as Three Months, such Slave or Slaves is and are to be taken out, and sold at Outcry for the Fees, by Order of Two Justices, and the Overplus, if any be, after paying the aforesaid Fees, and all the above-mentioned Charges, shall be returned to the Owner, or, for want of knowing such Owner, to the Treasurer for the Time being, and remain to the Use of the Public till the Owner shall appear; and the Marshal or his Deputy shall be obliged on Oath to account, and pay, Once every Year at least, unto the Treasurer, all such Money that such Slave or Slaves shall be sold for, on Forfeiture for every such Neglect, for not accounting and paying the said Money, where no Owner is to be found, after his just Fees and Charges of Sale are deduded, Twenty Pounds for the Ufo of the Public of these I Hands, to be recovered as hereafter set down in this Act.

Slaves, after lying in Gaol Three Month8f to be taken out and sold at Outcry for the Fees—Overplus, if any, how to be appropriated and paid.

XIII. And it is also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person taking up a Runaway, and knowing his or her Possessor, either by the Slave’s Confession, or otherwise, shall, on Penalty of Forfeiture of Forty Shillings, carry such Slave so known, or caufo him to be carried, to his Owner or Possessor, and not to the Gaol or Marshal, unless the Owner or Possessor be unknown to him or her; and if any Owner or Possessor shall refuse to pay Three Shillings for taking up such Slave, and Nine Pence per Mile for the Distance he or she was taken up at, being brought to him or her, shall, besides the said Fees, forfeit Forty Shillings.

Person s taking tip Runaways, knowing their Owners, shall carry the Slaves to their Owners, under Penalhpef^.o What is to be paid for so doing.

XIV. And if any Marshal or Deputy shall deny to deliver any Stave in his Custody, on Tender Forfeiture on Mar-of his said Fees and Disbursements, he shall lose his Fees, and forfeit Forty Shillings besides jiver'up surts°on'" for each Refusal, and pay as in case of wrong detaining another’s Slave, for each Day dc- Tender of hi« Fees, tained.

XXVI. And any and every of His Majesty’s Justices may, and is and are hereby impow- Magistrate* autho-ered to grant a Commission, for such limited Time as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, to any White or other Free Person or Persons who shall apply for the fame, authorizing <h»u apply to hunt . him and them to take to his or their Assistance such other White or Free Person or Persons f^f^ieWea as shall offer themselves, together with a sufficient Number of trusty Slaves, to hunt the Woods, pons, forrunaway* and all other Lurking-places in and about these Islands, and there to pursue, fake, and fe'cure slaTtl* &c*. any and all such Slave or Slaves as shall appear to them, or they may find Cause and Reason to susped to be Runaways or Stragglers; and it shall and may be lawful for such Hunters to r»fe and exercise Musquets, Cutlasses, and other fencible Weapons, whilst in hunting as aforesaid, and to fire upon, kill, and wound, any Slave or Slaves appearing to them to be Runaways, who shall resist or refuse to surrender, being first required to submit, and warned of the Consequence of Refusal and Resistance; and the Owner of such Slave or Slaves shall not be entitled to any Damages from the Person or Persons who shall be in the Execution of apprehending of said Runaways so refusing to submit and refilling; and the Hunter and Hunters so killing and wounding is and are hereby indemnified and exempted from any Fine, Forfeiture, or Punishment whatsoever for so doing, unless it can be proved or made appear such Slave or Slaves-, so killed and wounded, was known to the Hunter or Hunters, or his or their Associates, so killing and wounding, not to be a Runaway, or that the killed or wounded Person or Persons was or were not really a Slave or Slaves, though of a similar Complexion and Colour, or that such killing or wounding was wantonly done, and that there was no Resistance, Refusal of Surrender, or Cause whatsoever, to render such killing or wounding unavoidable or rieccssary:

Provided always, That the Power herein given to Justices, shall not be understood in anywise to interfere with the Rights and Prerogative of the Crown, or the Power of its Representative here; and that it shall be understood that all such Parties as shall act by Commission or Warrant from the Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall be veiled with the fame Power, subject to the fame Restrictions, and entitled to the fame Immunities, as those authorized to ad by Justices of the Peace.

XLI. And, for preventing Disorders by those Persons who shall be appointed, either by Civil Person* appointed by or Martial Law, to execute Warrants or Orders, to parade the Rounds for apprehending runa- ^execuM Warrant* way or other transgressing Slaves, and for searching for secreted Goods through and in any of or to parade the the Plantations, Towns, or Houses, or other Requisitions, according to the Directions contained J*ound8> Pre»?n«ed in this Act; Be it moreover Enacted, That it any Person so appointed, commanded, or re- ordTrty AfUon”?d'" quired, shall wantonly break open any Negro House, or beat or abuse any Slave, but in pursuit of a Runaway or Criminal Slave flying or refilling, and due Notice given so the Matter, Mif-tress, Owner, Renter, Or Manager, being then present, having the Care of such Plantation, every Offender shall forfeit Ten Pounds Current Money, to be recovered by Complaint, and Proof made before any On* of His Majesty’s Justices, and l?y his Order to be deposited in the Treasury, for public Ufetf.

4 XVII. And

I»Art nr.

Various

Various Offences.

If the Owner of any Slave that shall commit Murder, shall conceal, or neglect to prosecute said Slave For such Crime for Three Months, and the Slave shall be convicted thereof on Prosecution of some other Person—the Prosecutor, not the Owner of the Slave, to receive the Value of the Slave convicted.

Justices of the Peace, on Information that Slaves are about to mutiny, or escape from the Island, shall cause them to be brought before him;

and shall try them as Felons, &c.

Slaves punishable for strik.ing any White Person, on Information given to a Justice, See,

Slaves and their Abettors, attempting to take away the Life of a White Person, punished with Death.

Preamble

!Trial of Slaves, and Proceeding thei'eon.

Virgin IJIands,^-S\a.ves; for their Regulation) ScCi

— -Trial of Slaves, and Proceeding thereon.

XVII. And if any Slave shall have wilfully murdered any Person whatsoever, and the Owner or Possessor of such Negro or other Slave or Slaves dull conceal or neglect to prosecute either of all- of the guilty Persons, within Three Months after the Murder, then, and iri such Case, if any other Person shall prosecute the Slave or Slaves for such Crime, and he, she, or they be convicted thereof, the Owner or Possessor shall forfeit and pay the full Value of said Slave or Slaves to the Person or Persons prosecuting; and the Owner or Possessor shall be, and is hereby debarred from receiving from the Treasury any Money or other Consideration for the Slave of Slaves so convicted or executed, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding; and any Justice may issue his Warrant, directed to Two or more Freeholders, to value and appraise the prosecuted and convicted Slave or Slaves, and, in case the Owner or Possessor shall refuse to pay the Sum so valued and appraised, co iftlie his Warrant to the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, to levy the same on the Goods and Chattels of £ich Owner or Possessor, and to make full Payment and Satisfaction to the Prosecutors aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That, upon the Information of any Slave or Slaves, who shall hear any other Slave or Slaves speaking Words tending to Mutiny or Rebellion, or proposing Voyages or Means of Escape to the Spanish or other Foreign Colonies, or who shall have or be preparing to procure any Guns, Powder, Ball, Swords, or other warlike Instrument or Instruments (except and besides such commonly allowed to Watchmen) being made unto any Justice, he shall forthwith cause the Person or Persons accused to be apprehended and brought before him; and if he find the Accusation just, and that the Offender or Offenders is or are meditating Measures for Escape or Flight to Foreign Countries, or for perpetrating or accomplishing any Designs pernicious and contrary to the Peace, Safety, or Laws of these Islands, he shall proceed to the Trial of the accused as a Felon or Felons, in Mariner as is directed by this Act, who shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment, at the Discretion of the Justices, as they shall think fit; and if sentenced to Death, he, she, or they shall be appraised, and the Amount of the Appraisement be paid out of the Treasury to the Owner or Owners, as in similar cases of Felony committed by Slaves who are executed on Conviction thereof; and the Informer or Informers shall be entitled to receive from the Treasury the Sum of Three Pounds Current Money, to be paid on producing a Certificate, from One of the Magistrates before whom the accused was or were convicted, that the Information was on sufficienc Ground; but in case such Information or Accusation shall not be supported, and proves to be false, malicious, or frivolous, the Informer or Accufcr shall receive such Corporal or other Punishment as any One Justice, before whom the Matter is informed or tried, shall award, which does not extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

XXIV. And be it Enacted, That if any Slave or Slaves shall impudently strike or oppose any White Person, any Justice, upon Complaint and Proof made, shall order a Constable to cause such Slave or Slaves to be publicly whipped at his Discretion, and if Resistance, such offending Slave or Slaves shall have their Nose flit, or any Member cut off, or be punished with Death, at the Discretion of the Justices j always excepting that such Slave or Slaves do not the fame by his or her Owner or Employer’s Order, or in Defence of his or her Person or Goods.

XXVII. And be it further Enacted, That from and after the Publication hereof, if any Negro or other Slaves shall attempt to take away the Life of any Person or Persons whatsoever by Poison, or by any other unlawful or indirect Means, that then, and in every such Case, such Slave, and his or her Accomplices, Accessaries, and Abettors, are hereby declared and made Felons, and (being Slaves) shall suffer Death accordingly; and the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves condemned, as in the foregoing Part of this Act provided, shall be paid the Value appraised out of the Treasury.

6 Feb. 1783.

An ACT for the good Government of Negroes and other Slaves, for preventing the Harbourage and Encouragement to runaway Slaves, and for restraining and punishing all Persons who shall abet the pernicious Practices of trafficking with Slaves for any of the Staple or other Commodities of those Islands, &c. &c.

WHEREAS a proper Establishment of good Order, in an uniform and consistent Government of Slaves, will very greatly contribute to the Happiness and Safety, and also promote the Advantage and Success of the Planters and other Inhabitants residing in this Community; we your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Chief Governor of all your Leeward Caribbee Islands in America, and the Council and Aflymbly of the Virgin

t Islands,

Virgin Islands.—-Slaves; for their Protection, &c«

part m.

Trial of Slaves, and Proceeding thereon.—Holidays.’—Burial,

Islands, do most humbly pray your Majesty, that it may be Enacted; and be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Complaint made to any Justice Ciavm i. of the Peace within these Islands, of any heinous and grievous Crime or felonious Act Crime* committed by or Acts committed or done by any Slave or Slaves, the said Justice shall issue his War- suw* tob<punned rant for apprehending the Offender, and all Perfo vs or Slaved to come before him who Magiib^te^ m°re can give Evidence; and if upon Examination it probably appeateth that the apprehended is or are guilty, he shall commit him, her, or them to rrifbn, and also, within Ten Days in what Manner the after the Commitment, certify to Two of the Justices dwelling nearest to him (One of whom Mode of Proc*«dms* to be of the Quorum, if he be not of the Quorum himself) the Cause, and to require them to associate themselves to him; and they, so associated, are hereby required and impowered to try the said Offender or Offenders within Five Days after the said Certification of such Place as they shall appoint, and cause the Offender or Offenders and Evidence to come before them; f and if the said Judges (One whereof to be of the Quorum) t Giving the Owner upon hearing the Matter, shall adjudge the Criminal or Criminals guilty of the Offence sfa?eTrS*avt*Ybe complained of, the said Justices shall give Senr-nce of Deach, or such other Punishment as tried Forty-eight the Crime deserveth, and forthwith, by their Warrants, cause immediate Execution to be done, ^°eu"f th^Timeand by such Slave or Slaves as they shall appoint, in such Manner as they shall think fit; puCe appointed'fol? and if die Crime committed shall not deserve Death, they shall adjudge the Criminal or the Trial. Criminals to the Party or Parties injured, and to his or their Heirs for ever (after they have received such corporal Punishment as the Justices aforesaid shall inflict) unless the Owners shall pay to the Parties injured such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six Pounds Currency, at such Time or Times as the Justices shall appoint; and if the Three Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders is or are tried cannot agree, the Determination shall be definitive by the Agreement of any Two, in all but in such capital 'cases where the Sentence shall extend to Death, and then, and in such Cale, where a Disagreement shall arise in the judgment of the Justices, they may and shall, within Five Days after such Disagreement, call in Two other Justices nearest to them (One of whom to be of the Quorum) to assist in the Trial, and the Determination of any Three of them shall be the final Sentence; and the said Justices so called in are required ana impowered to aflbeiate themseves, and proceed to Trial accordingly.

a

Slaves; for their Protection, 8cc.

XLII. And be it farther Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Twb Days shall bd holidays. allowed to Negroes or other Slaves as Holidays after Christmas, and no more, and every Person Two Day*, and no or Persons who shall allow either more or less, Sunday not included, shall forfeit Fifty Pounds ^°je’s*le1sl!^I®lrlo'v* Current Money for every Offence; and, to prevent the many Evils arising from allowing Slaves chr^m#* by their too much Time, no Owner or Owners, Renter or Renters; Possessor or Possessors, or his, her, or owner* or Possessors, their Representative or Representatives, shall allow their Slave or Slaves the Forenoon of Satur- ^“e^enalty^n0^ day, under the like Forfeiture and Penalty, to be recovered before Two Justices; and the Owner those who shall allow or Owners, Renter or Renters, Possessor or Possessors, or his; her, or their Representative or Re- ^eisrJ^*’ presentatives, is and are hereby required to pay the fame in consequence of Information and Con- &c. visions; and the Justices are also hereby required to issue their Warrant, directed to the Marshal or his Deputy, on Conviction, who, on Refusal to comply, shall levy on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders for the Payment of the fame, together with all Fees and Costs; the Moiety of which Fine to go to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasury, for public Uses.

XL.III. And whereas, through the too great Indulgence of Mailers, Mistresses, Owners, Burial.

Renters, and Overseers of Slaves, and the Ambition of the Slaves themselves, they have endea- No stave shall be bu-voured to imitate White Persons in pompous and expensive Funerals; Be it therefore Enacted, tied after s“^ett>han That from henceforth no Slave or Slaves shall be buried after Sunset, nor in any other than a apU^DealBoard plain Deal Board Coffin without any Covering or Ornament, neither shall there be worn any Scarfs Coffin, without Co-or Favors at any of their Funerals; and all Persons have hereby Power and Authority to seize any ,r Fav«* be Slave or Slaves wearing Scarfs or Favors, and to carry them before any Justice, who shall order the worn at any of the* said Slave or Slaves to receive any Number of Stripes not exceeding Fifty, and shall take away

and give such Scarfs and Favors to the Person bringing the Offender before him, for his or her foie greffing.

Use or Benefit.

: Part III. 6 A ’ XXXI. And

part fit

Virgin Islands*—Slaves; for theif Protection, &c<

fae Negroes.—Manumission.

Free Negroes* ' . XXXI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Free Negroes, Xn-

Every Free Negro, dians, Mustees, or Mulattoes, shall be obliged, in Thirty Days after the Publication hereof, un-Mustee ^Thirty1* ^er a Fetahy (to be recovered by Warrant of One Justice upon Conviction) of Five Pound? Payslifter Public*. Current Money, to be paid One Moiety to the Treasury, for pubiie Uses, and the other Half tio" *° «hoofe to the Informer of his, her, or their Default (and the said Fine to be forfeited and paid ..in ftmi-hi* w^ber Patron*or lar Manner every Three Months within the Year, until a Compliance with the Requisition) to Protean-, who shall choose some Patron or Proteftor, who shall be an eligible and creditable Freeholder, and shall duAofriteNegro?&c. be by them owned and acknowledged before a Justice as his, her, or,their Patron and Pfo-Penalty for not com- teftor, who may render an Account and answer for the Tenor of his, her, or their Cdnduft plying- and Lives, and direct the Conversations and Enjoyments of said Free Person and Persons, according to the Laws of these 1 Hands.

No Negro, Mulatto, Indian, or Mustee, allowed to poflfefa more than Eight Acres of Land, nor shall be esteemed a Freeholder, &c«

XXXII. And be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no Free Negrdu Indian, Mustee, or Mulatto, shall be Owner or Possessor of more than Eight Acres of Land, and in' no Cafe be deemed a Freeholder; always provided, that if any such Free People possess more than Eight Acres in; their own Right, they may, in Six Months after the Publication of this Act, make Sale of the Overplus, or the same shall be forfeited, and is hereby declared forfeited, and shall be fold, and the Net Proceeds of the Sales shall be deposited in the Treasury, and be to the Use of these Islands.

And be it furthermore Enacted, That if any Minister of these Islands, or Justice of the Peace, shall marry any Free Person to any Slave in these Islands, such Clergyman ar Justice shall forfeit to the Use of the public Treasury One hundred Pounds Current Money, to be recovered by Warrant under the Hands of the Governor in Chiefj and in his Absence, of the Lieutenant Governor, and in his Absence, of the President of His Majesty'a Council, being the Commander in Chief for the Time being, in Nature of an Execution, directed to the Provost Marshal or his Deputy, who shall levy the same; and the Free Person marrying such Slave, shall pay unto the Owner of the married Slave the Sum of Fifty Pound? Cr.rrent Money, or be obliged and bound by Two Justices to serve the Owner or Posseflbf Four Years.

Ail Fret Negro, in-’ XXXIII. And by the Authority aforesaid be it also Enacted, That all Free Negro, Indian, Mulatto*Men/when Mustee, and Mulatto Men, shall on all Occasions, when required by Writ from the Commander required by writ in Chief for the Time being of these Islands, or any Justice of the Peace (and in Times of Mar-inChlef or juiltceof t,a^ Law, by Order of the Commander in Chief for the Time being of these Islands, or the Peace, &cTtogoiii0 ‘ Commanding Officer of that Department of Militia to which they aire inrolled) go in quest and Pursuit of Run- pursuit of Runaway Slave or Slaves , and for every One taken and delivered, according to Writ away*’ *' or Order, the Party apprehending shall be entitled to a Reward of Two Dollars, to be paid out

of the Treasury, or by the Proprietor of the apprehended Slave, agreeable to the Direction of the said Commander in £hief, or Justice of Peace, or Commanding Officer, lyho is and are hereby impowered to award and direct the fame accordingly; and any and every of the aforesaid Freemen, who shall be nominated to the Command of the Party going in Search, and shall refuse to execute the Business of the Commission, as required by Writ or Order, shall forfeit the Sum of Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings, and every and all of the Subordinates in said Party, who shall refuse to go in such Pursuit, or obey his superior Officer, shall forfeit the Sum of Three Pounds Current Money for each and every Offence j which Fines shall be recovered and levied by Writ of the Commander in Chief, or Magistrate, or Commanding Officer, who shall have issued the Search Warrant or Order, and shall have nominated the Commander of the Party, and paid into the public Treasury of these Islands for the Use thereof; and any and every Offender shall be moreover liable to be tried by a Regimental Court Martial for Disobedience or other Offences, and be subject to such pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Ten Pounds Current Moneys exclusive of Costs of Court, and in Default of Payment to Confinement, not exceeding Fourteen Days, which the Court by Sentence shall inflict.

- \

proprietors of slaves XXXIV. And be it Enacted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors shall manumile, or grant

them"^ Freedom to any Slave or Slaves, to evade the Payment of any Tax or Taxes which, shall be order to avoid pay” deemed necessary and expedient to be assessed on them, for the U fes and Services of these jog the Tax on slaves. Islands, by the Legislature thereof, or for any Purpose whatsoever, such Proprietor or Proprietors Mtnumtffion. so manumitting, shall give good Security on Bond, according to the Satisfaction of the Commander in Chief for the Time being, which shall be recorded in the Secretary’s Office of these Islands, for the Maintenance, Subsistence, and other Provision for the liberated People at their Cost, so that none of them shall become a Burden or Incumbrance on the Public; or to pay into the Treasury Annually the Sum of Ten Pounds Current Money for those Purposes; otherwise any and all such Manumissions shall be deemed, and is hereby invalid and not good in Law;, and the Person and Persons so manumitted and unprovided, shall be considered as Vagrants on Stragglers, and be subject to such Restrictions and Impofuions as shall.be hereinafter set down and provided. -

' - ’ 6 A a XXXV. And

' i

Virgin Islands.—Slaves; for their Protection, &c. p art nr.

.—Free 'Negroes.

XXXVI. And, t<J prevent any barbarous and iiihuman Custom which may prevail, for manu-Ipitting and setting free Slaves diseased, blind, aged, or otherwise disabled frbm working, and at the fame Time no Ways providing proper Cloathing, Habitation, and Sustenance for such Slaves, but suffering them to ramble about, and beg for Subsistence; Be it Enacted, That if All torh avlhati ma* any Person or Persons shall manumit or set free any Slave or Slaves, he, foe, or they, or the obii«d'to ^rovide Jfcepresentatives of him, her, or them, foall provide a proper House and sufficient Cloathing and them wish a proper Diet for such Slave or Slaves j and if any Slave or Slaves fb freed, foall iafterwards be found J^u^loathinE* rambling or begging, through the Neglect of such Person or Persons, ‘he, foe, or they, or their

Representatives, foall be fined, upon good Proof, by any Two Justices of the Peace, in any Sum not exceeding Ten, or less than Five Pounds Current Money, One Half to the Informer, and the other to the Use of the public Treasury} and any Person or Persons suffering any of their Slaves, blind, diseased, aged, or otherwise disabled from working, to ramble or b g about the Towns or Country, such Offender or Offenders foall be punifoed in the same Manner as if he, foe, or they had regularly manumitted and neglected to make proper Provision as aforesaid.

- . XXXV. And whereas many vagrant Negroes, Mulattoes, and Mustees, claily wander Free Negroes. throughout these Islands, under fictitious Pretensions of Freedom, without having any fixed jpjace of Abode, to the great Annoyance of Proprietors of Plantations, and become Nuisances to the Community in general, by inculcating idle and pernicious Principles into the Minds of their Slaves; Be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it may be lawful for, and all Person* authorised to Persons are hereby impowered in future, to take , up and carry before a Justice of the Peace bond Ne^rotlJin-*

tvery and all such Vagabonds, who hereafeer may be found straggling through these Islands, di*n», Mulattos,

render fotne Account of him, her, or themselves j and if proved to be Impostors, or Persons |^nl*boit^Coun'-Jpt loose on the Country, without Homes or Means of Subsistence provided for them by their uy, &c.

Owners, or any Person or Persons interested in him, her, or them, he, foe, or they foall be

sentenced to receive corporal Punishment at the Discretion of the Justice, and to be imprisoned till such Time as the Owner foall make Satisfaction for all Fees and Costs attendant on the Trial and Sentence of the Offender; and if, in the Course of Two Months, no Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their legal Attorney or Attornies, foall appear to claim the Property in the Person or Persons so committed to Gaol, then, by Order of the Commander in Chief for the Time being, by and with the Consent of both Branches of the Legislature, he, foe, or they foall be employed in making and repairing high Roads or public Paths, in erecting Works on and in the Forts and Fortifications, or doing some other Labour of public Utility wichin these Islands, and be placed under the Care, Custody, Inspection, and Direction of Persons who foall be appointed to conduct and supervise the fame; and all Persons so condemned to Labour foall be iubfifted, during the Term of their Service, out of the Funds of these Islands.

XXXVII. And whereas, from the Vicinage or Nearness of these to Foreign Islands, by which

they are exposed and liable to Foreigners emigrating and colonizing amongst the Inhabitants thereof, many Dangers and Injuries, now unforeseen, may arise against their insular Security and Credit, by the too lapid Increase of Wealth, or other Power of such Colonists, or of the Connexions they may form with the Residents of the fame Complexion; Be it Enacted by the All FreeNegroe*, Authority aforesaid. That no Free Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, after the Publication M^ts0’e^h”(half of this Act, foall in future purchase, or acquire by Bequest, or any other Means, or be at any poikis or hire more one Time Possessor, Renter, or Employer of more than Fifteen Slaves, unless lie or foe foall, An*’

pursuant to Summons from the Treasurer or his lawful Deputy, appear, in every ensuing nually, for each shro Year, personally before a Justice of the Peace, at a Place and Time to be appointed, and there shfi'in Tcur* and then, upon Oath, deliver in to him a just and true Account of the whole Number which rjncy^exclufivf of the he or foe does at that Time own, rent, hire, or employ, in his or her own Right, or in the Right Yearly Poll Tax, ice. of other Persons, and for every One exceeding the Number herein limited, foall pay an Annual

Tax of Thirty Shillings Currency, over and above the Yearly Poll Tax, to be appropriated to the Exigencies of the Public, in similar Manner with the Taxes raised in each Year on other Slaves:

Provided nevertheless, that no Construction whatsoever of any Part contained in this Act shall Prorifo.

imply the Inefficiency of Title to any Land, or to any Slave or Slaves, now held, occupied, or possessed by any and all Free Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, or Indians, or their Heirs; but that every and all Persons of that Quality and Complexion, who are in present legal Possession, foall in future, as heretofore, remain in the quiet uninterrupted Enjoyment thereof, without any other than the usual and general Exactions, to all Intents and Purposes, together with all lawful Privileges and Immunities, as if this Law had never been institutech

XXXVIII. And be it also Enacted, for the more effectual Detection of Frauds committed Treafareror Deputy*, by Fugitives from the adjacent Governments, under a specious Pretext and Appearance of Free- th^Vear^ta^ffue*m dom, That the Treasurer or Deputy foall. Twice in the Course of Twelve Months, issue a War- Warrant’for Confta*-rant under his Hand and Seal to any Constable (who is required to duly execute the fame) to sum- *e° al* mon every and all the reputed Free Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, and Indians, at that Time in Mulattoes, Mustees, these Islands, to appear before any Justice at the Time and Place he foall appoint, who foall care- *"d l,ndi*n*in *h«f«

4 * * r Iflandg, to appear be-

PART nt.

Virgin Islands.'—Slaves J for. their Protection, &c»

Free Negroes.

it to enquire into the Legality of their Free* dom, and to cause those to be apprehended who will not give a fatitfa&ory Actount of them-ielves, and committed to the Custody of the Provost Marshal, or hit Deputy, frc.

Free Persons, not being White, prefum-ing to strike a White Peribn,how puniQied.

fully examine and enquire into the Nature, Extent and Identity, and Legality of their Freedom Ot Manumilfiorts { and he is required to cause to be apprehended, and commit every and all Per-* Ions who caflnOt or will not render a satisfactory Account of him, her, or themselves, to the Custody of the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, until the said Justice shall return a Certificate of his Proceedings (which is to be within Three Days after Examination) to the Commander in Chief for the Time being of these Islands, lb that the Delinquents may be dealt with and disposed of iq Manner aforesaid, as allotted for Vagrants and Impostors; and in cale of Non-observance of the Summons from any and all Justices, who is and are impowered and required to issue his or their Warrant to the Marshal, Deputy, or any Constable, for apprehending the Defaulter or Defaulters, and, when apprehended, to order such corporal Punishment, or pecuniary Fine, not more than Five Pounds, to be deposited for the public Uses in the Treasury, besides paying all Fees incurred by reason of Default, as he in his Discretion shall think fit to be inflicted on him, her, or them, according to the Nature of the Offence.

XXXIX. And if any Free Person, not being White, shall presume to strike any White Person (Servant or otherwise) he or she shall, by Order of any One Justice, on Proof of such Striking or Beating, be severely whipped, at the Discretion of the Magistrate, for the First Offence j for the Second Offence whipped and imprisoned, also at the Discretion of the Justice j and for the Third Offence suffer such Punishment as is hereinbefore provided for Slaves committing the like Offence or Crime.

White Person* ftrik- XL. And if any White Person shall strike, beat, or otherwise abuse any Free Negro, Mums «ny Free Negro, latto, Indian, or Mustee, on Proof thereof made to any Justice of the Peace, he or she shall be See, bow pu e . |j0un<j over to Court of Sessions, or Court of Oyer and Terminer, and be punished at the Discretion of the Justices then fitting j any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

1

.I1

GRENADA

fart nr.

GRENADA and GRENADINES.

The Law on the Subject of Slaves in these I (lands is contained in the following Acts, passed

io Dec. 1766*

41 Ap. 1767.

49 Ap. 1767. t Feb* 1770.

3 Ap. 1770*

13 Oft. 1784.

47 Ap. 1786.

48 Dec. 1786*

3 Kov. 1788.

All of which are to be found in the printed Laws of Grenada and the Grenadines*

Slaves considered as Property.

Staves made Real

29 Ap. 1767.

An ACT to make Slaves, Cattle, Horses, Mules, AiTes, Coppers, Stills, and Plantation Utensils, Real Estate of Inheritance} and declaring Widows dowable of them, as of Lands and Tenements.

W THERE AS, according to the Laws now in being. Widows are only dowable of Estates $iay(s ma(jf W in Lands and Tenements in these Islands, which mull be attended with considerable Estate. Disadvantages to such Persons, as the Want of Slaves and Plantation Utensils wherewith to preamble, work and manure Lands, and manufacture the Produce thereof, must of course render them of very little or no Value 5 for Remedy whereof, and the making more suitable Provision for the Widows of deceased Husbands, who shall die seised and possessed of any Estate in Lands,

Tenements, or Slaves, in thele Islands, Be it, and it is hereby Enacted by his Excellency the ClavsbT. Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Southern Charibbee Elands of Grenada, the Grenadines, Dominica, Saint Vincent, and Tobago, in America, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty’s Council and the General Assembly of thele Your Majesty’s Elands of Grenada and the Grenadines, That all Negroes and other Slaves in these Islands, and also Slave*, Horse*, Mule?, the Horned Cattle, Horses, Mules, and Asses, commonly used, employed, and worked upon ^'pianwion uten-and about any Plantation or Plantations, and all Coppers and Stills, and other Plantation fils, made Real Estate. Utensils, are hereby declared Real Estate of Inheritance, and affixed to the Freehold, and shall, with the Plantation where to the fame belong, descend to the Heir at Law, and the D*f«nd to Heir at Widow shall be dowable of them, and every of them, in the same Manner as she is now dow- m*”f* dowable' o°fW* able of the Lands and Tenements whereof her Husband shall die seised; and that such Widow them, and be entitled may and shall be entitled to recover the mesne Profits of such Plantation, Negroes, Cattle, p mrfn#

Horses, Mules, Asses, or other Hereditaments, whereof she shall be so endowed, against the Party or Parties that shall or may have received or detained the fame, in Damages by Action upon the Cafe in any Court of Record of these Elands, or by Suit in Equity against the Party or Parties, their Executors or Administrators, who shall have received or denied the fame.

Provided always. That the said Plantation, or the Works thereon being, shall not be di- Proviso* vided or otherwise parted than by the Allotment of a Third Part of the Dwelling House,

Part III. 6 B with

PART III.’

Grenada, &c.—Slaves considered as Property.

Slaves made Real Eft ate.

with its Appurtenances and necessary Conveniences, to the Tenant in Dower, for Jier habitation or convenient Reception, when (he. shall think fit to remain there, or to repair thereunto } which Third Part of the Dwelling House the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, upon Application to him made, shall set or lay out to such Tenant in Dower, and shall forthwith put her in quiet and peaceable Possession of the fame: And that none of the Negroes, or other Slaves, Horses, Cattle, Mules, Asses, Coppers,- Stills, or other Plantation Utensils whatsoever, to any Plantation belonging, shall be carried off or employed from the said Plantation, otherwise than in the immediate Service thereof, by such Tenant in Dower, or by the Heir of him or them in Reversion or Remainder, but that they shall join in carrying on* the Business of the fame to the greatest Advantage of aH the Parties concerned.'

III. And be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall (land seised and possessed of Slaves without Lands, such Slaves shall, notwithstanding, descend in like Manner as if they had belonged to a Plantation, and been thereupon used, worked, or employed; and the Widow of such Person shall, in like Manner, be dow-able of them as (he would have been of Slaves belonging to a Plantation of which her Husband iliould have died seised and possessed,

i Feb. 1770.

An ACT to explain and amend an Act to make Slaves, Cattle, Horses, Mules, Asses, Coppers, Stills, and Plantation Utensils, Real Estate of Inheritance i and declaring Widows dowable of them, as of Lands and Tenements.

Preamble, WHEREAS by an Act, intituled, "An Act to make Slaves, Cattle, Horses, Mules,

* Asses, Coppers, Stills, and Plantation Utensils, Real Estate of Inheritance, and declaring Wi-" dows dowable of them, as of Lands and Tenements,” bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King,'Defender of the Faith, and so forth j It is among other Things Enacted, That all Negroes, and other Slaves in these Islands, and also the Horned Cattle, Horses, Mules, and Asses, commonly used, employed, and worked upon and about any V Plantation or Plantations, and all Coppers, Stills, and other Plantation Utensils, are thereby

declared Real Estate of Inheritance, and affixed to the Freehold, and shall, with the Plantation where to the fame do belong, descend to the Heir at Law, and the Widow shall be dowable of them, and every of them, in the same Manner as she is dowable of the Lands and Tenements whereof her Husband shall die seised; and that such Widow may and shall be entitled to recover the mefiie Profits of such Plantation, Negroes, Cattle, Horses, Mules, Asses, or Hereditaments, whereof she shall be so endowed, against the Party or Parties that may or shall have received or detained the fame, in Damages by Action upon the Cafe, in any Court of Record of these Islands, or by Suit in Equity, against the Party or Parties, their Executors or

Administrators, who may or shall have received or detained the fame; and that when any Person or Persons shall (land seised and possessed of Slaves without Lands, such Slaves shall, notwithstanding, descend in like Manner as if they belonged to a Plantation, and had been thereon used, worked, or employed, and the Widow of such Person shall in like Manner be dowable of them, as she would have been of Slaves belonging to any Plantation of which her Husband should have died seised and possessed:

I. And whereas great and unforeseen Injuries and Losses have arisen to Merchants, Factors, and other Persons, in these Islands, and many Inconveniencies may arise, to the general Discredit of these Islands, as well by the Delays and Difficulties occasioned in the Recovery of just Debts, from the Executors and Administrators of Persons dying possessed of Slaves, Horned Cattle,

Horses, Mules, and Asses, belonging to, or worked, used, or employed upon Plantations, as by making Widows capable of being endowed of all the Slaves whereof their Husbands are or shall or may be seised and possessed, whether belonging to, or worked, used, or employed upon Plantations, as by making Widows capable of being endowed of all the Slaves whereof their Husbands arc or shall or may be seised and possessed, whether belonging to, used, worked, or employed on any Plantation, or not: To prevent therefore the Losses and Inconveniencies that may in future accrue from the said recited Clauses in the said Act, Be it, and it is hereby Enacted, by the Governor and Commander in Chief of the Southern Charribbee Islands of Grenada, ehe Grenadines, Dominica, St. Vincent’s, and Tobago, the Honourable the Members slave*, HornedCaitit ^'s Majesty’s Council of Grenada and the Grenadines, and the General Assembly of the

Mule*, or Aitts, cm- fame, That all Negroes, and. other Slaves, Horned Cattle, Horses, Mules, or Asses, belonging •mpfoy^n an*'"0t *9 anc^ empl°yed on any Plantation, and all Negroes and other Slaves, not belonging to or tianutfon,°to b«Real employed on any Plantation, after the Publication of this Act, shall, and the fame are hereby

- declared

Grenada, &c.~—Slaves considered as Property.

PART iir.

Slaves made Real Eft ate.—Value of Slaves executed.

declared Real Estate, and not Chattehj and shall descend accordingly, and Widows shall be ca- Efta'e. and not Chat-pable of being endowed thereof. blVdlL7!\Zot.°

Provided always, That any Executors or Administrators may inventory the fa id Negroes, Prov>i°* and other Slaves, Horned Cattle, Horses, Mules, and AlTes, belonging to or employed or not, ,wmo”y sbv« may on any Plantation, and all Negroes, and other Slaves not belonging to or employed on any Homed Cattle, &c. Plantation, but not take them into his Custody, to the Intent that if there be not sufficient aon!Tru”ea

Goods and Chattels to pay the Deceased’s Debts, the said Negroes and other Slaves, Horned to the Payment of Cattle, Horses, Mules, and Asses belonging to or employed on any Plantation, and all Negroes, Debts» and Widows and other Slaves, not belonging to or employed on any Plantation, shall be and the feme are theenJuwedtber,:-hereby deemed and taken to be Assets in the Hands of any such Executors and Administrators, and shall accordingly be liable and subject to the Payment of the said Debts, and shall be Chattels for that Purpose, and not otherwise, and the Widow shall not be endowed thereof.

II. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Widow shall be endowed of No widow to be en-any Negroes, or other Slaves, Horses, Mules, Asses, or Horned Cattle, commonly used, em- saves,£tc‘

ployed, and worked upon and about any Plantation or Plantations, or of any Coppers, Stills, MarfliaiVin^hTlffe-or other Plantation Utensils or Implements, or of any Negroes, or other Slaves, not used, time of her HuRnmi. employed, or worked upon any Plantation which, after the Publication of this Act, shall be fold, in the Life-time of her Husband, by the Provost Marshal of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, at public Outcry, for the Payment of the just Debt or Debts of such Husband, by virtue of any Execution or Executions already issued or to be issued upon any Judgment or Judgments at Law obtained or to be obtained against such Husband, or upon any Decree or Decrees of the Court of Chancery made or to be made against him.

• III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons seised Tenants for Life, by of any Negroes, or other Slaves, for the Term of his or another’s Life only, or if any Tenant ^g^or^o^femin'j m by the Courtesy, or Tenant in Dower, shall fend off, or directly or indirectly consent to the fend them off these lending off these Islands, or shall sell and dispose of any such Negro and other Slaves, so as |he payment of Debt*0 they or any of them is or are sent off these Islands as aforesaid, without the lawful Consent of without the Consent of him, her, or them in Reversion or Remainder, being of full Age, or of the Executors or Ad- ^h0enP^on b‘" r^dTor ministrators of any Person or Persons deceased, where they are liable to the Payment of Debts, Treb'TThe Value of for Want of other Effects, or of any Person or Persons having any Trust lodged in them for. such Slaves, the Use of another; or if any such Tenant in Dower shall marry a Husband who shall fend off or consent to fend off, or fell or dispose of any such Negro or other Slave, so that they shall or may be sent off, fold, or disposed of as aforesaid, without the Consent of him, her, or them in Reversion or Remainder, or the Executors or Administrators or Trustees as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Person or Persons in Reversion or Remainder, or the Executors or Administrators, or Trustees as aforesaid, is and are hereby empowered to have an Action or Actions upon the Cafe against such Tenant for Life, Tenant by the Courtesy, Tenant in Dower, or Husband, for she Recovery of Treble the full Value of such Negro or other Slaves sent off, fold, or disposed of as aforesaid; and if any such Tenant for Life, Tenant by the Courtesy, Tenant In Tenants for Life, &c. Dower, or Husband, so holding any Negro or other Slave, shall wilfully destroy, maim, or o^ftd?lalblmems!^v'fn»®, disable any Negro or other Slave so held, such Person so destroying, maiming, or disabling, shall pay Treble ihe’r shall pay Treble the Value of such Negro or other Slave so defteoyed, maimed, or disabled, Valu'!• so the Person or Persons in Reversion or Remainder; or to such Executor, Administrator, or,

Trustee as aforesaid, to be recovered in the same Manner as hereinbefore directed in the Cafe of fending Slaves off the Island, or felling or disposing of them without such Consent as aforesaid.

Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall tend or be construed to extend to Proviso. render less effectual Or valid any Mortgage or other Security already granted or hereafter to be granted on any Negro or other Slaves in these Islands; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

io Dec. 1776.

IX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall Value of Slaves have any Slave guilty of running away, punishable by Death within this Act, killed in the executed. Pursuit, or that shall be taken, convicted, and condemned to Death for running away, the

Owner of Slave killed

Person or Persons owning and entitled to such Slave shall receive out of the Public Treasury or executed shall reef these Islands the full Value of the Slave so killed, to be settled by the Oaths of Two Free ^'settled by7wo° White Persons that know the Slave (if killed) to.be sworn before some Justice of the Peace white Pc. ions, and of these Islands, and such Oath and Value to be certified by the Justice of Peace before whom notexcee £s°*

taken.

oozie

*Art iil Grenada, Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Valut of Slaves executed—Carrying off Slaves.—Slaves Jelling , or

taken, tinder his Hand and Seal, so as the fame doth not exceed Fifty Pounds Current Money of these I (lands.

io Dec. 1776.

tarrying off XX. fee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons carrying Slaves. off, or attempting to carry off, either of these Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, any Person* carrying off. Slave or Slaves, without Leave of the Owner of such Slave or Slaves, on Convic-oraRemptingtoc^r tion thereof if a Free Person, shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Mature*, to u er pejQn^ an(j shall suffer Death as a Felon; and if a Slave, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon.

Slaves $ for their Regulation, &c.

13 Oft. 1784.

An ACT to establish regular Markets in the different Towns of this I Hand, and to fix the Prices of Fresh Provisions, and other Commodities, brought to such Markets for Sale; impowering the Captain General or Commander in Chief to appoint Clerks of such Markets, who are at the fame Time to be Keepers and Inspectors of the public Cages; impowering them to receive and confine therein, for a limited Time, disorderly Persons committed by Justices of the Peace, also to apprehend and confine Negroes, or other Slaves,' coming from the Country without Tickets; appointing the Mode of damping and regulating all Weights and Measures in the said Towns and Parishes; and appointing the Mode of altering the Prices of Provisions, as Occasion may require.

Slaves Jelling XVII. AND whereas the Practice of permitting Slaves to fell Produce has, by Experience, been Sugar, fcfr. found to be productive of great Mischief, by tempting them to rob their Matters and Neigh-Slave* felling Rum, bouts; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Expiration of Six Days after MoUff ton!<or the Publication of this Act if any Negro or other Slave shall offer for Sale Sugar, Rum, Indigo, to be punished Coffee, Cocoa, Molasses, Cotton, or Indigo, he or she shall, on Conviction before any Justice an TufUce^oV'the of the Peace, be ordered such Punishment as such Justice shall think proper; and if it shall ap-PMce” and°if such pear to the said Justice that such Negro or Slave has acted under Connivance, Direction, or offence be committed Consent of his or her Owner, Renter, or Employer, such Justice is hereby authorized and re-of die*Own« o'f such quired to commit the said Offender or Offenders to Gaol, until a Sum not under Ten Pounds, Slave, such Owner or exceeding Fifty each, be paid to the Justice convicting, or the Clerk of the Market, who is not"under ^.*0,"or hereby required to give Notice hereof to the Owner, Renter, or Employer of such Negro exceeding^jo. ’ or other Slaves, in the same Manner as is directed with respect to Slaves felling Grals without Tickets, and shall be entitled to the fame Fees as are therein mentioned.

or Provisions. XVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Publication of this Steve* offering for Act if any Negro or other Slave- shall offer for Sale, in any of the Towns of the said Island, any outVk^etiftxraThcir Provisions' of the said Island without a Ticket from his or her Owner, Renter, or Employer, or Owner*, to b* com- the Manager of such Owner, Renter, or Employer, permitting the fame, and specifying the nutted to the Cage. Duration of such Permission, the Clerk of such Market shall commit him, her, or them, to the public Cage, and if not claimed within Twenty-four Hours after such Commitment, or immediately, upon being sooner claimed, he, she, or they shall be carried by such Clerk of the Market before a Justice of the Peace, who shall endeavour to discover the Owner, Renter, or Employer of such Slave or Slaves; and if such Owner, Renter, or Employer shall be discovered, the Clerk of the Market shall immediately give Notice thereof to such Owner, Renter, or Employer, who, unless the Justice find Cause to detain or re-commit such Slave, in order to be dealt with according to Law for his said Offence, shall be entitled to redeem him or Fee* of Clerk of *« her, on Payment of the following Fees (that is to say) for taking-up and Commitment, One •^nd Commitmen*' Shilling and Six Pence; for Release to the Owner, One Shilling and Six Pence; for Notice, if of Steve*, Sec. actually given. One Shilling per Mile for going only; for Allowance for Maintenance, Nine Pence per Day; And in case the Renters, Owners, or Employers of such Slave or Slaves, after 1 such

Digit d by LjO ne

-PART Ilf.

Grenada, (Hsfc.—*Slaves; for their Regulation, &c<

Slaves Jelling Provisions.—Selling Spirits to Slaves.—Beating Drums,

such Notice, shall neglect to redeem the fame within Four Days after the Time of transmitting the said Notice by the Clerk of the Market, then, but not sooner, it shall and may be lawful for the said Clerk of the Market to commit such Slave or Slaves to the Common Gaol; and the Provost Marshal is hereby required to receive such Slave or Slaves, and to give the Clerk of the Market a Receipt for the Body or Bodies of such Slave or Slaves, which shall entitle him to the aforesaid Fee of One Shilling and Six Pence for taking-up and Commitment! and also those Fees for Maintenance and Mile Money, if Notice has been actually given, to be paid by the Provost Marshal, after he shall have recovered the fame; and if the Owner, Renter, or Employer of such Slave or Slaves, be not discovered by the Justice examining them, the Justice shall commit him or them to the Common Gaol'of the said I (land, to be dealt with according to Law; and in case of such Commitment to the Common Gaol, the Clerk of the Market shall receive from the Provost Marshal a Receipt for the Body of such Slave, which shall entitle him to receive the aforesaid Fee of One Shilling and Six Pence, for taking-up and Commitment, and also for that Allowance above mentioned after the Provost Marshal shall have received the fame, and no other Reward or Fee of any Kind whatsoever.

Owners neglecting td redeem Slaves within Four Days after Notice given, to be sent to the Common Gaolj and delivered to tli« Provost Marshal, who is to pay the Clerk of the Market his Fees as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the Markets are hereby required to take up all Negroes, or other Slaves, not residing or belonging to Persons residing aiisuvfscomi'fghom in the said Towns, or who shall be found therein without Tickets from their Renters, Owners, ‘i>« Country without or Employers, after Eight o’Clock at Night, or at any other Time, if thereto authorized, in the r“kctt‘

Town of Saint George by Three Magistrates, and in any other of the Towns of this Kland by

Two Magistrates, and shall commit them to the Public Cage; and in case they should not be

claimed within Twenty-four Hours after such Commitment, the said Clerk of the Market

shall and is hereby required, in case he should be able to discover the Owner or Owners of

such Slave or Slaves, to give him or them Notice thereof; and on such'Owners redeeming Slaws confined for

such Slave or Slaves, the Clerk of the Market shall be entitled to the fame Fe'eS as herein- omTicVe^tfnmi^'

before directed in case of giving Notice to the Owners of Slaves being in Confinement..f(k-fell- deemed in Four Day*

ing Provisions without Tickets; but if such Slaves should not be redeemed within Four Days ^[ued^toThV/o1

after the Time of transmitting such Notice, or in case the Owner or Owners of such Slaves ^»,oi ifknown,*?"

cannot be discovered within Four Days after they are taken up, then, but not sooner, it shall within Four Days af-

and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Market to commit him or them to the Common Gaol, irbecom^twinoth*

and he shall receive from the Provost Marshal a Receipt for the Body or Bodies of fuc^ Slave Common Gaol.

or Slaves, which shall entitle him to the fame Fees as hereinbefore provided in the Cafe bfttjie

Owners not being discovered when Slaves are brought before a Magistrate for felling Provisions -

without Tickets.

io Dec. 1760.

XXII. And whereas it is generally known that great Abuses and'dangerous Consequences have Selling Spirits to resulted from a Practice of many of the Inhabitants, both in Town and Country, in felling Slaves.

Rum to Slaves^ without a Permission from their Owners, Renters, or Employers; for Remedy

whereof, and Prevention of the fame, Be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority afore-.

said, That in Three Weeks from and after the Publication of this Act no Planter, or other 10 Penalty on Per-

Inhabitant,.by hitnfelf, or any Slave or other Person for him, either in Town or Country, shall * Rup to

fell, give, of barter' Rfrm! or any other Spirituous Liquors, be theiC^iantUy ever.fo/mail, eo or roiffion fromownwi

with any Slave, withofit a ’Permission from under the'Hand of the Owner, Renter, or Employer

of such Slave, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds Current Money of these Islands for each

Offence, to be recovered before any Two Justic^s of the Peace in these Islands, as in case of how recovered.

Reward to Apprehenders of Runaway Negroes hereinbefore provided for., the said Forfeiture; to

be applied wholly to the Use of the Informer.

"XIX. Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,-That whatsoever Maftpr,. Miflfels, Ownerrior Boating Drums Renter of any Plantation'in the Country,' of House in any Town in these Islands, being therein &?r<

or thereupon ‘resident, and not being abroad from his or her Plantation or Hoyfe, and, where Owner*, &c. of Slave* none such is resident on the Plantation, or in his House, then if any Manager or Ovcrifeer of {?ff*rin8sla'J[e*to^e*t such Plantation, or Person having Charge of such House, being at Home, anjJ the Master or preiting’ them°n one Mistress, Owner or Renter, happens to be absent from Home, shall suffer any Slave or. Slaves Hour, t»forfeit^.jo. to beat any Drum or Drums, or empty Calks or Boxes, or great Gourds, or to blow Horns,

Shells, or loud Instruments, for the Diversion or Entertainment of Slaves, in his or their Plantation, House, or Yard, who do not suppress the fame in One Hour after the fame begins, knowing such beating on Drums, or empty Calks or Boxes, or great Gourds, or blowing Horns, Shells, or loud Instruments, actually to be, or shall suffer any Slaves belonging to other . tPart III. 6 C , persons

part in:

l-u

Grenada, &c.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Beating Drum, —Carrying Fire Arms.'—Of Runaway Slaves.

Persons or Plantations to assemble on his, or her, or their Plantation, or in their Houses and Yards, either by Day or Night, knowing such Assembly actually to be, and thereof shall be convicted, such Matter, Mistress, Owner, or Renter of a Plantation or House, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money of these Islands, One Moiety thereof to the Prosecutor or Informer, and the other to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the public Uses of these I Hands, to be recovered by Act ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of die Courts of Record of this Island, and the Party prosecuting shall recover his full Costs of Suitj and in such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Carrying Fire XIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave shall be taken out Arms. of the Plantation to which such Slave belongs, with any Fire Arms, Cutlasses, Swords, Pikes,

Negroes not having and Lances, or other hurtful Arms, not having a Ticket from the Owner or Possessor of such Arms'out'ofo'whers Slave for carrying the fame, or not being in Company, under the Direction of a White Person Plantation, See.may sent along with such Slave or Slaves, any Person or Persons may seize such Slave with the v*hi'ch^flia^e^*- Arms or Wdapons, or the Arms and Weapons alone, and carry such Slave and Arms, or Arms leited. only, before a Justice of the Peace, and the Justice shall order the Arms to be forfeited, and the fame are hereby declared to be forfeited to the Person or Persons that shall have seized the Exception. said Slave or Arms; but if there was a Ticket duly given for carrying the said Arms, and the

fame Ticket be loft or was taken from the Slave, or the Slave being attendant that Day on his Matter, then, upon Oath thereof made by the Owner, Matter, Mistress, Renter, or Over leer, that such Ticket was so given, the Arms shall be again reftoryd.tQ the Owner.

nrnr^Arms'to XIV. And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall Negroes,' without * hereafter fell, barter, or give to any Slave, any Fire Arms, Cutlasses, or offensive Weapons,

Ticket. without a Ticket from the Matter of such Slave, he, she, or they shall forfeit Fifty Pounds

lawful Money of these Islands to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the public Uses of these Islands, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in these Islands.

i. . t.

3d November 1788.

Of Runaway XIX. AND whereas by the Laws now in Force Skives running away or absenting them* Slaves. selves from the Service of their Owners dr Possessors are in various Instances declared to be

guilty of Felony, and punishable by Death:

AM Law» yvtsVh re- And whereas Humanity:demands that such fafiguinary Laws should be abolished, and.fbme ^(hmennirsiave* :7X>re lenient ProVilions adopted; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from for the foie offence of and after the Publication of this Act such Parts of all and every Law and Laws now in running away,repeal-^Porce relative tto the Trial and Punishment of Slaves; as relates to their Trial and Punishment * ’ ’ Tor thfc fdle Offence' of funning away, shall be aind die fame are hereby repealed.

• 1

Slave* guilty of run- XX. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases where the Owner or deftrve'exeni ^lar* Pu° of any Slave or Slaves who shall have absented hlmfelf, herself, or themselves, or run

J<limen*vtoPbe tried 'away from the Service of such Owner Or Possessor, shall be of Opinion that such Slave or hyTwo justices.and Slaves ought to be punished in any other Manner, or in any higher Degree than an Owner or mem a» they iiTuieir Possessor of Slaves is hereby authorized tapunish his Slaves, such Owner or Possessor shall and Discretion shall order, may carry such Slave or Slaves, for running away-or absenting himself, herself, or themselves, 0°Llrob?dins l° L,fe ^>e^)re AnY Two Justices of the Peace of that Parish or Town to which he, she, or they belongs or belong, and the said Justices shall heir andenqoice into the Complaint and Charge of such Owner or Pdflfeflor of such Slave or Slaves, and, ^on ^onviftion before them, shall order the Slave or Slaves convicted such Punishmentii not extending to Life or Limb, as they - in their Discretion; according to the Length or. Frequency of such Absence, or other Circumstances attending the; fame, shall think such Slave or Slaves ought for such Offence to receive.

9

» 6 C 2

to Dee.

PART III.

Grenada^ ^.-—Slaves j for their Regulation, &c.

Of various Offences.—’trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.

io Dec. 1766*

Be It Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Slave who shall presume to firike. Of various or attempt to strike, any White Person, under any Pretence whatsoever, unless in' the offences.' lawful, immediate, and necessary Defence of his Owner or Employer’s Person or Goods, shall Slaves (hiking White iiiflfer Death, or other corporal and proportionate Punishment, at the Discretion of Two justices De^th/’orothw1^-of the Peace. ‘ f Lishment.

3 Apr. .1770.

An ACT for preventing and punishingthofe who shall wilfully fire, bum, or destroy any Canes, Dwelling Houses, or any other Edifices.

Whereas many Inconveniencies and great Damages have happened to the Inhabitants of this Colony, and may still continue to happen, by many idle, wandering, and ill-disposed Persons, who make it a common Ule and Practice to wander, and with lighted Torches to go in and about Plantations of several Persons, where, Canes are growing, which may prove the Ruin of the Owners of such Plantations by firing the fame.

II. And be it further Enacted by thq, Authority aforesaid, That any White Man, Free Ne- AnyWhite Mao firing gro, Erpe Mulatto?, , Free Mtlftif or Muftive Slave, through Negligence or Carelessness shall 2’yl<souse’ ,0 *ollclt fire, or <;ause to be fired, any Dwelling House, Outhouse, or other Edifice, and be convicted thereof by the Oath of One Witness, before One Justice of the Peace, if, a White Man, he fijall forfeit , Twenty Pounds, to be paid to the Treasurer of this IiTmd to be distributed amongst ffie Sufferers by such, Fire and if he shall not pay the fame immediately on Dertiandi/of the jTreasurer, he shall be committed by the said Ju'lice to the Common Gaol, there to remain for -Three Months j but if a Free Negro, Mulattoe, Muftif, or Slave, he, she, or they shall receive such public Corporal Punishment as the Justice shall think fit and adjudge. ' ":

V. And in case any Mulattoe, Muftif or Muftive Indian or Negro, shall from and after the If a Mulattoe, tee. :Day of the Publication of this Act presume to make, use, throw, or fire off any Squib, Ser- {^ubHcfy cper.t. Rocket, ,pr other, Fire Work,.'within the said Town,or any of the Parishes of this Island,

.then every; Constable, or any other person in this Island, shall bp and are hereby directed and xrequired immediately to apprehend and take up such Mulattoe, Muftif or Muftive Indian or Negro, so offpnding, and him, her, or them, when so apprehended, to carry before the next jMagfstrate, who is hereby required and directed to order such Offender to be whipped at the r most public Place in the respective Parishes, on the bare Back, at his Discretion.

VIII., And be it further Enacted l?y the Authority aforesaid. That all Negroes or Mulattoes, Negroes or MuUttow, j whether free or; Slaves, ..who shall be found cutting Canes, Plantains, or other Produce, shall fosnd'cuttfngCanes’ i be punished by a Number of Lathes, at the Discretion of a Justice of Peace in the Neigh- Plantain*, tee. to be '1 bpurhpod: Provided always, that the said Negro or Mulattoe so offending be carried before by

such Justice of the Peace, within Forty-eight Hours after committing said Offence, and that the Punishment ordained by the said Justice of the Peace be inflicted on fi)id Offender within Twe,nty-four Hfours after being convicted before such Justice of the Peace.

.10 Dec. 1766.

, XI. And be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That att Slaves liable by 2'rial of , virtue of this Act, shall be tried and adjudged by any Two Justices of the Peace, and where and Proceedings condemned to Death shall be appraised in like Manner, by the said Two Justices j and if the thereon.

Justices before whom the Negroes are tried cannot agree in their Judgment, then they may and s|*»e» condemned to shall immediately call a Third Justice of the Peace to their Assistance, and the Cafe shall be de- fu'ftices^ to" b«Tap-temnined by the Agreement of any Two of them; and in all Trials of Slaves, the Justice or praised by the fame. Justices shall and may hear the Evidence of any other £l^ve, and, give such Credit thereto as the Justice or Justices shall think in Confidence it deserves.

4

13 Oft.

PART III.

Grenada, &c.—Slaves; for their Regulation

Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.

The Clerk* of Mar* kets to superintend the Chaflii'ement of Slaves, in consequence of Justices Sentences, and to take Care of the Slaves during their Confinement, and to receive a Fee of is.6d. for each Slave they shall cause to be chastised.

no; ’

13 Od; 1784

And whereas U is necessary that the Punishment and Chastisement of Slaves in pursuaneff of the Sentence of One or more Magistrates, whether for, Offences within this Act, or any other* Act or Acts, should be inBi&ed under the Direction of a prudent and discreet Person; Be it' therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in each of the aforesaid Towns in this Island the Superintendance of the Chastisement of all such Negroes and other Slaves, in pursuance of Sentences of Magistrates, shall be annexed to the Office of Clerk of the Market of the said respective Towns, each of which Clerks shall provide a proper Person or Persons at his own Expence to instid the said Punishment, and to keep and take Care of the Negroes and other Slaves during their Confinement in the Cage; and the said Clerks of the Markets are hereby impoweredf to dedud out of the Forfeitures One Shilling and Six Pence, for causing any Slave to be chastised by Order of a Magistrate; and to receive the like Sum for causing any Slave to be chastised by Order of the Owner, Repter,.or Employer of such Slave or Slaves, from the Person giving such Order.

27th April, 1786.

An ACT for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of Criminal Slaves.

A

Preamble. Whereas the Laws at present in Force in these Islands have been found defective in many

Respects, in regard to the Trial and Punishment of Criminal Slaves; for Remedy whereof, we. Your Majesty’s most loyal and obedient Subjects, the Honourable William Lucas, President and Commander in Chief of these Your Majesty’s Islands of Grenada, and such of the Islands commonly called The Grenadines, as lie to the Southward of the Island of Cariacou, including that Island, the Honourable the Members of Your Majesty’s Council, and the Representatives " of the People of the said Islands, in General Assembly convened, pray Your Most Excellent Majesty. That it may be Enacted and Ordained; J

justice* of the Peace, I. And be it, and it is Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon Complaint m^re, CtomiP(ruenthe;r m*de *° any One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace within these Islands, of any heinous Warrant against of- and grievous Crime, or felonious Act or Acts committed or done by any Slave or Slaves, thfc Com'YainTapiLir*'11 Justice shall issue his Warrant for apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and gift) futw-weii-founded, to mon all Persons or Slaves that can give Evidence therein to appear before him; and if upon

— the offenders Examination it appeareth probable that the Slave or Slaves so abprehended is or are guilty, to " cn' he shall forthwith commit him, her, or them to Prison, and also within Ten Days after such

Commitment shall certify to the Two next Justices of the Peace, One-of-whom to be of the Quorum (if he be not of the Quorum himself) the Cause of such Apprehension, and to require them, by virtue of this Act, and they are upon Certification hereby required, to associate them-Three justice*. One of selves with him; and they so associated are hereby required and impowered to try the said Quorum*' mipowtrtd Offender pr Offenders, within Ten Days after the said Certification, at such Place as they shall to try nil offenders, appoint, and cause the Offender or Offenders, and Evidences, to come before them; and if to* a^Semence'of Justices, One whereof being of the Quorum, upon hearing the Matter, shall adjudge

DeaPh, S or 7uch'other the Criminal or Criminals guilty of the Offence complained of, die said Justices shall give Punishment as they Sentence of Death, or such other Punishment as the Crime deserveth, and forthwith, by their shall judge proper. Warrant, cause immediate Execution, in Capital cases, to be done by such Slave or Slaves as the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, shall appoint, and in other cases by such Slave or Slaves as the Clerk of the nearest Market shall appoint, in such Manner as such Justices shall think fit.

And whereas it must tend greatly to the public Peace and Tranquillity, if the executive Part of the Law be rendered more prompt and summary in cases where the Offences are not of a felonious Nature, and triable before Three Justices, as hereinbefore mentioned.

fence* whi*ch0b ole ”l£ Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall personally in-

LawV’oTEngland ' fult, abuse, or threaten, or in any Manner contemptuously treat any White or Free Person, or would only amount to shall harbour, receive, and conceal any Slave or Slaves, knowing that such Slave or Slaves gullYy ofr'other °of- shall have run away, or absented his, her, or themselves from his, her, or their Matter, Renter, fences particuhrly or Employer’s Service; or if any Slave or Slaves shall carry a Cutlass, or other sharp-edged or tcTbe* tried 'by ote sharp-pointed Weapon, or a Stick with a Knot or Knots, or pointed with a Nail or Ferril, or juiHce. any other offensive Weapon, except such Slave or Slaves be actually font in Pursuit of a run-

away Slave or Slaves, under tbfe Order and Direction of a free Person duly authorized for that Purpose, or shall be attending upon his Matter or the Manager, or feme other White Person f employed

Part -hr.

Grenada, &Pf.~Slaves; for their Pcote&ion, &c.

Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.—Of the Provision Ground allowed to Staves.

employed upon the Plantation, or doing the necessary Bufirfefs of the Plantation, without a

Ticket from the Owner, Manager, or other Person having the Care of such Plantation; or shall

be found gaming, beating Drums, blowing Shells, or other loud Instruments* at improper V

Hours, or fighting, or shall draw a Knife upon his Opponent, or shall be guilty of any* Crime

which by the Laws of England would be deemed Petty Larceny, such Slave or Slaves shall be

punishable for any such Offence, at the Discretion of any One Justice of the Peace, who is

hereby authorized and impowered to take Cognizance of the fame, and to inflid such Punishment as he shall judge adequate to, the-Offence.

III. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That all Matters whatsoever done by any All Matter* done by

Judge or Magistrate, or other Officer of Justice, or by the Provost Marshal, or Deputy Pro-

yost Marshal, under and by virtue of an Act, intituled, ff An Act for the better Government for the better Go. “ of Slaves, and for the more speedy and effectual Suppression of Runaway Slaves,” shall be 2decianrf to te deemed and taken, and the fame is hereby declared to be legal, valid, and effectual Acts $ and legal* valid* andtf-no such Officer shall be called in question, or liable to be executed and prosecuted for any such feaual Aa»-Matter by him doneasaforesaid.

IV. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act fit all be and continue in of the Aa

.Force for Two whole Years from the Day of the Publication thereof, and from thence till the oTuntiUth^ProW-End of the next Session of the Legislature, or until some further or other Provisions are made fion«aremadeto aa-for carrying into Execution the Purposes intended to be obtained by this Act. thi^Aa.Purpoft*

Slaves j for their Protection, See.

to Dec* 1766*

XVI. AND whereas there is great Reason to apprehend, that one great Cause of many Negroes Of the

absenting themselves from the Service of their Owners or Employers, is the Scarcity of Ground Ground allowed Provisions in the respective Plantations of these 1 (lands; Be it therefore Enacted by the Au- to Slaves. -thority aforesaid. That the Justices of the Peace in the several and respective Parishes of these Provision Ground to ‘Islands, or any Two of them, shall, Twice in every Year, issue an Order directed to Four of ^elnr^eardby^F^r •the Inhabitants, being Freeholders of each of the said Parishes, to insped the Provision Ground Freeholders appoint-of the said Plantations, and to report upon Oath their Opinion of the Sufficiency or Insufficiency of the Ground Provisions on the said Plantation, for the Support and Maintenance of romak*"#Return*Sn the Negro Slaves belonging thereto; and :the several Persons whom the said Order shall be Forty Day*,

' directed to are hereby authorized and required to enter* upon the said Plantations respectively, and examine the said Provision Ground, and within Forty Days to make a Return on the said Order to the said Justices, with their Opinion of the Sufficiency or Insufficiency of the said 'Ground Provisions for the Support and Maintenance of the said Negroes belonging to each Plantation respectively; and if it shall, upon such Return, appear to the Justices that such Ground Provisions are insufficient for the Support and Maintenance of the Negroes and Slaves belonging to any Plantation, then such Justices shall issue their Warrant, directed to any Constable, to bring the Manager, Overseer, Book-Keeper, or other Free Servant employed thereupon, or as many of them as may be necessary, before them, and if no Manager, Over-leer, Book-Keeper, or other Free Servant on such Plantation, then the Owner or Renter, or other Free Person having the Direction thereof, and shall on Oath examine them how the Negroes and Slaves are fed, supported, and maintained; and if upon such Enquiry it shall ap- Owner; &c. or bie-pear that such Negroes or Slaves are not properly fed, supported, and maintained, such Owner*

•Renter, or Possessor, shall* forfeit Ten Shillings Currency for each Negro or Slave on the ncii;

Plantation of such Owner and Renter, to the Use of His Majesty, to be paid into the Hands

of the Treasurer for the public Uses of the said Islands, and to be recovered in any Court of how to be recov^ed.

Record in these Islands, by Bill, Plaint, Or Information, in which the Certificate of the said \

Justices reciting the Order to, and the Report and Opinion of the Insepctors, that such Owner, Renter, or other Person having the Direction and Management of such Plantation,

was on such a Day convicted as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Evidence whereon to recover the

said Forfeiture.

Provided always. That if such Owner, Renter, or other Person, having the Charge, Di- Proviso*. redion, or Management of such Plantation, shall be able to give such Reasons as the said Justices shall think good and sufficient for the Want of such Provisions, and their Failure to;

Part III. 6 D feed

PART III.

Grenada, i§?c.-r-rSlave$ \ for their Profe&ion, &c.

Of the Provision'Ground allowed to Slaves.—IVhen Slaves to by the; in a Course

feed the said Negroes properly, that then and in every such. Cafe the Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid ftiali not he incurred, and such Owner, Renter, or other Person shall be dismissed; FmhoWert reefing ants die* Freeholders refusing or neglecting to execute such Order, and make such Inspection of Mch. * ° 0relt'40 * the said-Provision Grounds, and the Return on the said Order, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds each, to be recovered and applied in. Manner as hereinbefore directed.

3d November 1788.

An ACT for the better Protection, and for promoting the Encrease and Popur lation of Slaves; and for repealing the First, Second, arid Third Clauses of an Act, intituled, “ An Act to prevent the further Encrease of Free Negroes and <c Mulattoes,” and such Part of all and every Law and Laws now in Force relative to the Trial and Punishment of Slaves, as relate to their Trial and Punishment for the lble Offence of running away, and for substituting another Mode of Trial and Punishment in lieu thereof; and for appointing Guardians for carrying this Act into Execution,

I. Whereas the Laws heretofore made for the Protection of Slaves have been found im-sufficient:

" And whereas Humanity, and the Interest of the Colony, require that salutary and adequate kegulations and Provisions should be adopted, for rendering their Servitude as limited and easy as possible, and for promoting the Encrease of their Population, as the most likely Means of removing, in the Course of Time, the Necelfiry of further Importations of Negroes from Africa:

And whereas these- desirable Ends cannot be so effectually obtained as &y prescribing reason-hble Bounds to the Power of Matters and others having the Charge of Slaves, by compelling them sufficiently and properly to lodge, feed, clothe, and maintain them, by introducing them to the Knowledge of the Christian Religion, land affording them Opportunity of Improvement in Morality, and by inducing them to regular Marriage, and when married protecting them in ' '. * their Conjugal Rights:

When Slaves to Be it therefore Enacted by his Excellency Edward Mathew, Esquire, Captain General and be funified by. Governor in Chief of these His Majesty’s Islands of Grenada, and such of the Grenadines as lie

the Owner. , to the Southward of the I Hand of Carriacou, including that Island, the Honourable the Mem-No Proprietor of bers of His Majesty’s Council for the said Islands, and the Representatives of the People of the 'for lke RePrer fame, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publi-

tentative. 01 any lucn-

Proprietory permiued cation of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Proprietor of a Slave or Slaves, nor for the slave^therCo^rai Attorney of such Proprietor in his Abferice, nor for the Manager, Overseer, or other Free Per-PunWhment tbanThat' f°n having the Management and Direction of such Slave or Slaves in the Absence of the Prq-of imprisonment in aprietor, apd where there is no Attorney resident, to inflict or cause or knowingly suffer to he Confinement,laCnd°f mfli&ed on any Slave any Corporal Punishment, other than Imprisonment in a proper and whipping, not to ex-( wholesome Place of Confinement, and Whipping, not to exceed Thirty-nine Lashes for any One LaAethfory'anneone Crime, Offence, or Fault, which by him or her may be committed; and that in all cases where oknee; norTnyPer-1 either the Proprietor is resident on the Estate, or if absent has an Attorney residenj on the 'the pl^'uor or h'* not lawful for any Manager, Overseer, or Free Person employed under_Jhch

AttOTdey* refilling Proprietor or Attorney, to inflict, or cause or knowingly suffer to be inflifled, on any such upon the Estate, to- Slave any Corporal Punishment, other than Confinement in a proper Place, and Whipping, not TwlrfveTIletfor to exceed Twelve Lashes for any One Crime, Fault, or Offence, which by him or her may be any One Offence. committed.

Justice. Courfef 'Provided always/That in all cases where the Proprietor, or other Person having Charge of in wpCiftiwhere the artyTuch Slave, shall conceive the Fault committed (although by Law not cognizable by Juf-0*“ coul,nit,ed tices of the Peace) to be of such Enormity as to deserve more exemplary Punishment than is Propriew^r'hisRe- hereinbefore allowed to be inflicted, it shall and may be lawful for him to cause such offending ,pres«ntative to be of Slave to be carried before any Two Justices of the Peace, and any Two Justices are hereby Enormity'a/m °de- authorized to hear and examine into every such Complaint, and to direct such corporal Punish-serve more exemplary ment, not extending to Life or Limb, as the Offence shall in their Discretion merit; after ^ifttment, the fame which Punishment, inflicted by Order of the Justices as aforesaid, no further or other PunUh-by Two* justice* of° ment whatsoever shall be inflicted on the Slave for the fame Offence, by any Person or Persons the Peace, who are to whomsoever, on Pain of being proceeded against in the same Manner as if such Person had ex-nSt«rPunilhnhmt heranbsfore'limited-. - . , ' '

ing to Life Of Limb, - J

ms they ia.t&eir Dif-iK 11

cretlon Qtell rhiwk. thf\*

Crime defcivs*. . 6 D 2

Grtnaday &'c.’^-Slaves; for theif Prote&icsn, tcc>

part tin

When Slaves to be punished in a Course of Justice.—Hours of working.— , Grounds, &c. for Slaves.—Clothings

II. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Proprietor, Persons instiaing up-

or Overseer, or other Free Person employed as aforesaid, do and shall, on any Pretence,whqffor, K?»af «fWrw

ever, take upon himself or herself to inflict or cause’ to be inflicted on such Slave or7, S>laves act pjralPuniib meat than aforesaid any heavier, greater, or other Kind of Corporal Punishment than thoie which are here- Mescribed to'be^o inbefore in that Respect limited and prescribed, every such Proprietor, Attorney, Manager, Lined at the Gnmd

Overseer, or other Free Person employed as aforesaid, shall and may, for every such Offence, be s,efIion‘* and Punish-

- - - abl^by Fine and 1m-

proceeded against at the Grand Sessions, by Presentment, Information, or Indictment, in the prisonwn^"^ same Manner as if the Offence were committed against a Free Person, and if found guilty shall Discretion of the ju be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Discretion of the Justices.

Justices.

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to or for Hours of work-tint Proprietor, Owner, pr Possessor of any Plantation or Estate, or any Person or Persons em- ing. ployed by or under such Owner, Proprietor, or Possessor (except in the A<ff of manufacturing slave* not to be com-such Species of Produce as necessarily require Night or extra Labour) to call out, or compel ^a'of ihanufaaurin' or oblige any Slave attached to or upon such Plantation or Estate, to leave his or her House such Specie* oflp’ro8. to work in the Field, or at his Trade, until Day-break, or to work during the Time and Times duce a* require Night of Breakfasting and Dining, for the First of which such Slave shall be allowed One Half Hour £3” their House* to in the Morning, and for the latter of which he shall be allowed Two Hours, to wit, from work in the Field, or "Noon to Two o’€lock in the Afternoon; nor to compel any such Slaves to work after Sunset, Dayh-bre^?nor at "he except in the Carnage of One Bundle of Grass from the Field to the Stable, or other Place Time* of Breakfatf where the fame is to be consumed, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds Current Money, for every o?whish th°r are Offence, to be recovered, paid, and applied in Manner hereinafter directed. tobe°aiiwed Haifan

.. v. ... . ...... 'Houi* in the Morning,

- and for thelattef from Noon to Two o’CIock in the Afternoon, nor after Sunset, except in carrying a Bundle of Grass from the Field to the Stable.

IV. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately, and from Time to Time, Grbunds,

and at all Times after the Publication of this Act, every Proprietor, Owner, and Possessor of any 13c. for Slaves. Plantation or Estate, shall provide for the Sick a good and wholesome Hospital, with proper upon ev'I7 Plan,a* Attendants, and shall provide for and allow to at least every Head of a Family of Slaves there- and wh^iefom* ffof-'unto attached, One good and comfortable House, built in a healthy Situation, with a Cabane pitai to be provided, or Bed to sleep upon, raised at least a Foot from the Ground, and shall also allot and appoint aarnsjanSalfd^gTOd for every Slave (Domestics excepted) above the Age of; Fourteen Years, as and for his or her and comfortable . proper Ground, such a Quantity or Portion of the Land of the Plantation or Estate to-which situation ‘he or she may be attached, or of such other contiguous Lands as shall be approved by the the Headofeach’Fa-; Guardians, as sufficiently near and convenient for the Negro’s Provision Ground, as in the mily of slave*.

- Eftirhation of the Guardians of Slaves, to be appointed in Manner as hereinafter mentioned for Age of Fourteen to*be that Parish wherein such Plantation or Estate shall be situate, or the major Part of them, shall allowed such Quantity be deemed sufficient, when under proper Cultivation, to. produce such a Quantity of Ground ur^a*^e°Guardhm* "Provisions, as with the ordinary Allowance of Salt ProyiGons (of the Quantity of which such shall deem sufficient to Guardians are to judge) will be compleatly adequate to the Maintenance and Support of such pr°du«^ucha^Qyan-Slavej and shall allow, every such Slave from Noon, in fbme One Day of every Week, or vision* a/^with the

* One whole Day in a Fortnight (except in the Time of Crop) for the Purpose of working and ordiiuryAllowahceef

* cultivating his or her Grounds; which said Grounds once allotted shall not be exchanged or be'*compiea°t"y’ ade-

‘ taken away from the Slave, without his or her Consent by him or her expreflecf to the Guardians q«»te to the Mainte- * of the District, whilst such Slave shall remain on the Estate, to which such Land 'so allotted to who1s°to be^HowW

* him or her, belongs, except in Manner and upon the 'terms next hereinafter mentioned. from Noon in fonie

1 4 Day of every Week,

or One whol* p'f in a Fortnight{except in Time of Crop) to cultivate (bch {.and j which Grounds so allotted shall not be taken away or exchanged* without the Consent of the Slave j * ' v

imlefs'where It may be found necessary* and to change such Grounds* the fame may be done, with the Consent and Approbation of the Guardi ~ ans, allowing ac Iedft. li Months to pot such •new Grounds into Cultivation.

Provided always. That if the Person having the Charge of any Plantation shall find it necessary or expedient to change the Provision Grounds allotted to the Slaves of such Plantation, and such Consent of the Slaves shall. not be expressed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Person to allot other sufficient Grounds for this Purpose, and to call on the Guar-. dians of the DistritSb to examine and approve of the' Quantity, Quality,'and Situation of such . proposed new Provision Grounds; and if the said Guardians, or a Majority of them, shall approve of such new Provision Grounds, then and in every such Case, from and after the Expi-. ration of Twelve Calendar Months after such Approbation and new Allotment as aforesaid, or . such longer Period, according’to the Season of the Year, as the Guardians shall judge necessary to enable the Negroes to put such new Grourtds into proper Cultivation, but not fooher,

or otherwise, it shall and may be liwftil for arry such Person to take id and put into Cultivation Grounds so first allotted for the Uft of the Negroes.

V. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Proprietor, Owner,

• or Possessor as aforesaid, shall also Annually allow antFgf^e tefevrery Man Slave above the Age . of Fifteen a Suit of Cloaths, confiding of a Hat, Jacket, Shirt (or in lieu of a jacket an altered AbboaHy »" additional Shirt) Trowsers, and Blankets; and to every Female Slave above the Age of Thir- Hat, jacket, s'^rt,

“ 0 ~ teeIl Trowsers,’and a

D ized by

rART Ift.

Grenada, &c.—Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

Clothing.—Provisions allowed injiead of Ground.—InfiruSfion in Religion.'—Violating

BUnkei, or in lieu of a Suit of Cloaths, consisting of a Hat, Jacket, Shift (or in lieu of a Jacket, an additional shirt^wo^nSfevea Shift) Petticoat, and Blanket; and to every Child above the Age of Eight a Hit, Shirt, or to be allowed a Hat, Shift} and if any Proprietor, Owner, or Possessor of any Plantation or Estate do, or shall eo«eBUSnkIt’ orln neglect or refuse to- comply With or obey all or any of the Provisions of this Clause, or do or Keu of a jacket an shall in any yfife offend against the fame, or any Part thereof, he, she, or they shall for every ioCTc"chiWfVit*f such Neglect, Refufel, or Offence, forfeit Twenty Pounds Current Money of this Island, to ShiT^or sa'ifr. be recovered, paid, and applied in Manner hereinafter prescribed.

Provisions allowed instead of Ground.

Where Eft ales ate unfit, in Point of Soil or Situation, for Negroes Gardens, the Negroes to receive a Weekly Allowance of Provisions in lieu thereof, bfcftde9 i-Fortieth Part of an Acre for each Negro contiguous to their Negro Houses.'

VI.- And whereas there are many Estates from the Nature of the Soil and particular Situation that are unfit for the Cultivation of the Provisions, and were the Proprietors, compelled to allot Portions of their Lands to every Negro for the Purpose of cultivating Provisions compleatly adequate to their Maintenance, as hereinbefore directed, it would be attended with ruinous Consequences to such Estates, without answering the Purpose thereby intended; Be it, and it i» hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Proprietor, Owner, or Possessor of any Plantation or Estate, which in the Judgment of the Guardians shall be so circumstanced in Point of Soil or Situation, shall have it in their Option or Choice, with the Approbation of the Guardians, either to allot certain Portions of their Lands as Provision Grounds for the Maintenance of their Negroes, or give them a Weekly Allowance of Prcv^ons in lieu thereof, and compleatly adequate to their Maintenance: Provided always. That there shall be at least One-Fortieth Part of an Acre allotted to each Negro contiguous to the Negro Houses, for the Purpose of cultivating a Garden for their foie Gfe and Benefit.

Eteto^&r*Ciiawed VII. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all. cases where Slaves are not wood Lodging! f Suf- attached to or resident on Plantations or Estates, the Proprietors or Possessors of all and every «'*nTW°Sui*is*of such Slaves shall provide for and furnish. such Slaves with comfortable Lodging, an ample cloath* Annually, -Provision of wholesome Food, and with decent Cloathing, at least Two such Suits as ace under a Penalty of hereinbefore described in every Year, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

SO 1«

Instruction bt Religion.

The Krftors or Officiating Clergymen Go visit the Estates in their feviral Distri&t every Three Months for the hi ft Year, and every Six Months thereafter, to roftroft them in the Christian Religion, to baptize and marry the Slaves without Fee or Reward, and to'admini-fter the Sacrament to such as he may judge fit to receive it.

Clergymen refofing or neglecting to do their Duty, to forfeit 201. for evei y Offence, 1 and the like Penalty imposed upon Persont interrupting or preventing the Clergy men fr?m doing theirDuty.

VIII. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rettor or Officiating Clergyman of each Parish in these Islands shall, and he is hereby required. Once in every Three Months fqr the First Year, and Once in Six Months for every Year thereafter, to visit the Slaves on every Estate dr Plantation,within his Parish or District, owned by or under the Charge of a Person professing the Protestant Religion, and also if thereto required every Plantation within the same District owned by or under the Charge of a Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and to instruct them in the Christian Religion, and in the Principles of Morality, and endeavour to induce them to attend Divine Worship in his Parish Church on the Sunday; and without Fee or Reward shall, as often as required, baptize and marry Slaves, and record such Baptisms and Marriages in his Parish Register, and shall administer the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper-to such of the said Slaves as he may judge fit to receive it, and shall, previous to visiting the Slaves of any Estate, give reasonable Notice of his Intention, and the Day and Hour fixed for such Visit, to the Proprietor or Person having Charge of the feme, who thereupon shall and is hereby required to assemble the Slaves in some commodious Place near the Dwelling House on the Plantation at the Time so appointed, and to permit them to remain lb assembled for the Purpose of being instructed as aforesaid, such a reasonable Time as the Clergyman may think proper; and if any such Rettor or Clergyman do, or shall 'refuse or neglect his Duty, or any Part thereof, as hereby prescribed and directed, every such Rettor or Clergyman for every such Offence or Neglect shall forfeit Twenty Pounds (Current Money; and if any Proprietor or other Person having the Charge of the Estate or Plantation shall, after such Notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to assemble the Slaves of such-Estate or Plantation agreeable thereto, or shall not permit and allow them to remain assembled in Manner hereby directed, every such Proprietor or Person having such Charge as last aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit Twenty Pounds Current Money.

Person* having the Provided always, That in lieu of the Attendance of the Protestant Clei'gy, it shall and may we^Atioma1” be lawful to and for any Proprietor or other Person having the Charge of any Estate to Catholic*Perfoafttn, which Slaves professing the Roman Catholic. Religion are attached or belong, or where such allowed to employ Slaves are employed, to procure, at the Expence of such Proprietor, a Roman Catholic Clergy-ProlviRon!! of man to and instruct such Slaves in the Principles of Morality, and of the Roman Catholic Religion, and to baptize and marry the fame Slaves, according to the Rites of that Religion, . as often and in like Manner as the Protestant Clergyman is hereby enjoined to. officiate in the Visitation, Instruction, Baptism, and Marriage of Slaves* according to the Rites of his Religion.

Violating Chas- IX. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the Publication of this Att the tity of Slaves. Proprietor or Master of any Female married Slave shall debauch and have Carnal Knowledge Jng Female* such Slave during her Marriage, such Master shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred and sUvti to forfeit 1651. Sixty-five

jf ART lil.

Grenada, ^Pc.~Slaves for their Protection, 8cc.

Violating Chastity of Slaves.—Guardians of Slaves to be appointed.

Sixty-five Pounds Current Money, to be recovered in the Court of Common Pleas by an Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of the Guardians, or any One or more of them, with the Approbation of at least Two of them, of the Parish or Town where such Master resides.

X. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Attorney, Manager, Overseer, Book-keeper, Tradesman, or other Free Person, shall debauch and have Carnal Knowledge of any married Female Slave on the Estate or Plantation on which he resides, or in the House or Family in which he is employed, he shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum equal to One Half of his Annual Salary or Wages; and if any Stranger or transient Visitor shall debauch and have Carnal Knowledge of any married Female Slave, he shall for every such Offence forfeit Fifty Pounds; which laid last-mentioned Forfeitures shall be recovered in the said Court of Common Pleas, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of the Guardians of the Parish where such Master resides, to be paid into the public Treasury for the public Uses of this Island.

XI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave shall debauch and have Carnal Knowledge of any Female married Slave, during her Marriage, and shall be thereof convicted before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, both or either of the Parties so offending shall and may receive such corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as such Justice or Justices shall in his or their Discretion think reasonable.

XII. AND be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench and Grand Sessions, at their Sessions in the Month of March in every Year, after the Publication of this Act, shall nominate and appoint Three Persons, being Freeholders, possessed of Thirty Slaves,. or the Attorney of such Freeholders in each Parish, to serve as Guardians of and to the Slaves belonging to the respective Parishes for which Guardians shall be so nominated and appointed j and also Three Persons, being Freeholders resident in the Town of Saint George, as Guardians of and to the Slaves within the said Town; and the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby required to give Notice in Writing of such Appointment to the several Persons so appointed, within Ten Days after the Sitting of the Sessions, at which they shall have been so nominated, and for his Trouble shall receive the same Fee as for common Summonses served by him at the like Distance; and in case he shall neglect or fail to do his Duty herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Five Pounds Current Money, to be recovered before any One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and to be paid into the public Treasury for the public Uses of the Colony.

Persons detmicbirr imrried Female S: ./ei upon the Estate he j they reside, to so: One Half of their Annual Sala.yj Strangers cr transient Visitors committing A like Offence, to fori feit 50 1.

Slaves clobaticliing Female married Slaves punishable at the Discretion of One or more Justices.

Guardians of Slaves to be appointed.

The Justices at their Quarter Sessions, in the Month of March in every Year, to appoint Three Persons, being Freeholders, or Possessor8 of Thirty Slaves, in every Pari (h, and Three Persons, being Freeholders, for the Town of St. George* to Cent as Guardians of thft Slaves.

The Provost Marshal to give Notica ta the several Guardians of such their Appointment.

XIII. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Guardians of Slaves herein- Guardian*, upon re-after-named and appointed, within Ten Days after the Publication hereof,-and all Guardians ApfpoLtmMi*to of Slaves, within Ten Days after receiving such Notice of their Appointment as aforesaid, and take before fom^juf-before they proceed on the Execution of their Office, shall apply themselves to some Justice of p,ac« »n

die Peace, and before him take the following Oath: at 0

* I A. B. do swear, That I will diligently, truly, faithfully, and impartially perform the Form of the Oath. <c Office of a Guardian of Slaves in the Parish of or Town of Saint George,

" for which I am appointed this present Year, and will not for Favor or Affection, on “ any Confederation whatsoever, excuse any Person or Persons offending against or “ neglecting his, her, or their Duty, as enjoined by an Act, intituled, An Act for * the better Protection, and for promoting the Encrease and Population of Slaves, and “ for repealing the First, Second, and Third Clauses of an Act, intituled. An Act to prevent the further Encrease of Free Negroes and Mulattoes, and such Parts of all “ and every Law and Laws now in Force relative to the Trial and Punishment of Slaves, u as relate to their Trial and Punishment for the foie Offence of running-away, and tc for substituting another Mode of Trial and Punishment in lieu thereof, and for ap-,f pointing Guardians for carrying this Act into Execution; nor will I-for Hatred,

Malice, Ill-will, or Partiality, prosecute, present, or punish any one, but in all Things u will comply with and conform to the Directions, Order, and Duty enjoined me by u the said Act, according to the belt of my Understanding, Skill, Power, and Judg-ft ment. " So help me GOD.”

Which said Oath every Justice of the Peace, on Application to him for that Purpose made by the Guardian, is hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any Guardian, so Part III. 6 E nominated.

oome

Par tiii.

Grenada, &c.—Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

Guardians of Slaves to be appointed.

Guardian*refufinsr or nominated, and having such Notice of his Nomination as aforesaid, shall refuse to act in his Duty,aTpiefciib'd by said Office, or shall neglect or refuse to be sworn as aforesaid, or who being sworn and acting, the Act, to forfeiuhe shall neglect his Duty or abuse the Powers by this Act veiled in him, he shall for every Sum of 501. such Offence forfeit Fifty Pounds Current Money, to be recovered in the said Court of Com*.

mon Pleas by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be paid into the public Trea-Guatdian* having fury for the public Uses of the Colony; and any Freeholder having served the Office for One com^iiabie^'o rfe"°e Year shall not be compelled or compellable to serve the fame Office again until the Expiration till Two Years then- of Two. Years thereafter, and in the mean Time until such Appointment of Guardians can after* be made as aforesaid by the Justice.

Guardian* appointed , XIV. Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Town of Saint George, George7°W" of St Patr*c^ Kewley, Thomas Bennett, and Thomas Henry Hawkins, Esquires; for the Parish of for the Pari ih of St. Saint George, Etienne Molenier, Thomas M'Knaight, and James Wilson, Esquires; for the fdr°theeKriih of St Parish of Saint David, Louis Francois Deljames, Alexander Scott, and Robert Keith, Esquires; David'; an for the Parish of Saint Andrew, Thomas Alexander Vanderduflen, Alexandre de Poullain, and for the Parish of St. Yeamans Horsford, Esquires; for the Parish of Saint Patrick, William Junor, Edward Cooper, for dicPaiilh of St. and Frederick le Clerc, Esquires; for the Parish of Saint Mark, Alexander Stuart, Francois Patrick; Charles Marie Clozier, and William Townsend, Esquires; for the Parish of Saint John, John

Mark'Parin> of St Hay, Jacques Mays, and John Stephen Blache, Esquires; and for the Parish or Island of for the Parish of St. Carrtacou, Joseph Saint Hillaire the Younger, Colin Mackenzie, and John Bell, Esquires, Joh"* . shall be and are hereby appointed Guardians of and to the Slaves within their respective Dif-

>or arnacou. trj&S) and shall take the fame Oath of Office, and aft and discharge the Duty of Guardians, in the same Manner ancj, under the fame Penalty, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as if they were Guardians nominated and appointed by the Justices in Manner prescribed by this Act.

Duty of the Guar* dians,

to inspect into the Grounds, Cloathing, Maintenance, and Treatment of the Slaves;

to interrogate the Manager or principal Overseers, with re-to the Cloathing, Feeding and Maintenance of the Slaves.

Form of the Oath to be administered.

Per Tons refilling to be sworn, or when fworp refusing to answer such Questions as shall be put to thiiti, to forfeit a Penalty of ao 1. for every Offence.

In case of the Disco* very of any Offence against this Act, the Guardians are required to prosecute the Offenders without Delay.

Prosecutions to he carried on at the Publiq Expence, in the Name of One or more of the Guardians, but with the Approbation of at ieaft Two of them.

XV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians, or any Two of them, in their respective Districts, and they are hereby authorized and required Once in every Six Months (except the Guardians hereinbefore named and appointed, who are hereby authorized and required within the first Three Months) and at all other Times when any Complaint or Information shall appear to render their Presence necessary, to visit the several Estates and Plantations within their respective Parishes, and to hear and enquire into the Complaints, and enquire into and inspect the Grounds, Cloathing, Lodging, Maintenance, and Treatment of the Slaves within their respective Districts; and for a more effectual Discovery of the Truth with respect to the Cloathing, Lodging, Feeding, and Maintaining of the Slaves, shall' examine the Manager and principal Overseer on such Estate or Plantation, and all other Persons likely to be able to give Testimony, if from any suspicious Circumstance or Circumstances it shall appear necessary to a Majority of the said Guardians touching the fame, after having first administered to such Manager, principal Overseer, or other Free Person, an Oath of the following Tenor:

*T A. B. will true Answer make to all such Questions as shall be put to me toud)r ing the Number of the Slaves upon and belonging to the Estate of or within the Town of Saint George.

“So help me GOD.”

And if any Manager, principal Overseer, or other White or Free Person, shall refuse to be sworn, or when sworn to answer such Questions as shall be put to him relative to the several Matters mentioned in the said Oath, he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds, to'be recovered in the Mariner hereinafter mentioned, and to be paid into the Treasury for the public Uses of the Colony; and iri case of the wilful and corrupt Perjury of any such White or Free Person, he shall and may be prosecuted by Prefenrment, Indictment, or Information, and be punished as in case of wilful Perjuty at cornmon Law; and if on Enquiry into the Complaint or Complaints made by any of the Slaves of any Estate, Plantation, or Town, or on View or from the Examination of the Manager, principal Overseer, or such other White or Free Persons, or otherwise, it shall appear to the said Guardians in their respective Districts, or any Two of them, that any Offence hath been committed against this Act, then and in every such Case they are hereby authorized and strictly required, without Delay, by all or some of the Ways and Means hereby in that Respect provided, to foe and prosecute the Offender and Offenders for the Recovery of such Penalty or Penalties, or to such Punishment or Punishments as is or are by this A<^ Annexed to the Offence or Offences by him or them committed, and all Suits and Prole-'buttons carried oil by or in the Names of the said Guardians, any One or more of them, with thei Approbation 'bf Two of them at least, shall be maintained by the Public, and the Expences attending the fame defrayed out of the public Treasury.

6 E j

XVI. AND

PART III.

Grenada, &c:—Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

Of Manumission—Free Negroes.

XVI. AND whereas the Power of manumitting Slaves for faithful Services ought not to be restrained, Be it therefore Enacted, That the First, Second, and Third Clauses of an Act to prevent the further sudden Increase of Free Negroes and Mulattoes; shall, from and after the Publication of this Act, be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

Of Manumission.

The ift, 2d, and 3d Clauses of an Act to prevent the sudden Increase of Free Negroes, See. repealed.

XVII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Pub- Manumissions of lication of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to manumit and set In^rYh^" free any such Slave to him or them belonging as in the Opinion of the Guardians of Slaves on'erinnexed the£ for that District wherein the Slave or Slaves intended to be manumitted resides or reside, or to> setting forth that any Two of them, to be by them certified under their Hands and Seals, and indorsed on or annexed to the Deed of Manumission* are not likely to become burthensome to the Public; and thenfome to the Pub-in cases of Manumission by the last Will and Testament of any Person hereafter dying, such Cer- llc 8 tificate of the Guardians shall be indorsed on or annexed to an Office Copy of the last Will and Testament by which any such Slave shall be manumitted; and all such Manumissions as without such Certifi-shall not have such Certificate indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, are hereby declared to be nous w be.ajUm‘f‘ void, and of no Force or Efteft whatsoeven

XVIII. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Master, Owner, or Possessor of any Slave or Slaves shall, under Pretence of Manumission or otherwise, discard or turn away any Slave or Slaves on Account, or by, Reason of such Slave or Slaves being rendered incapable of Labour or Service, by Means of Sickness, Age, or Infirmity, but every such Owner* Master, or Possessor, shall keep such Slave or Slaves on his, her, or their respectivo Properties, and feed and provide them with wholesome Food and decent comfortable Cloathinfg and Lodging, and not suffer them to wander about and become burthensome to others for Subsistence, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds Current Money for each Slave so turned away or neglected as aforesaid, to be recovered in the said Court of Common Pleas, by Action of Debt, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of any One or more, with the Approbation of Two at least, of the Guardians of the District in which such Slave’s Residence is or ought to be, and paid into the public Treasury, for the public Uses of the Colony.

Infirm or superannu* ated Slaves to be maintained at the Expence of their Own* ers, and not to be difearded or turned away, under Pretence of Manumissions, or otherwise, under a Penalty of 100!. for every Offence.

2i Ap. 1767.

V. AND forasmuch as many Negroes and Mulattoes pretend to be free, who are really not so, through whose Misconduct Negroes and Mulattoes really free may be brought into Disrepute and Disgrace; therefore, to prevent such flagrant and dangerous Impositions, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Negroes and Mulattoes pretending to be free, and who now reside in these 1 Hands, shall (if not already done) bring their several and respective Acts of Freedom and Manumission to the Register’s Office of these Islands, there to be recorded; and if any Person or Persons not having such Act or Acts of Freedom or Manumission,- by Reason of his, her, or their being born of a Free Woman, such Person or Persons shall bring Two credible Freeholders within these Islands before any Two'Justices of the Peace in the Island where such Freeholders do actually reside, to declare upon Oath that such Person. or Persons, pretending to be free, was or were born of a Free Woman, and is or are, and has or have been reputed so to be, and that the Mother was free, or actually reputed so to be, at the Time of such Birth, then, and in every such Case, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the said Justices shall be, and It is hereby declared to be, a sufficient Proof and Testimony of the Freedom of such Person or Persons, and shall, as such, be received upon Record in the Register’s Office of these Islands; and any Person or Persons pretending to be free, and who cannot produce a regular Deed or Deeds of Manumission or Freedom, and who cannot prove his, her, or their Birth from a Free Woman as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, such Person or Persons shall bring Two credible Freeholders within these Islands before any Two Justices of the Peace in the Island where such Freeholders do actually reside, to declare solemnly upon Oath, that they, and each of them, have known the Person or Persons so pretending to be free for the Space of Five Years at least, and that, during such Space of Five Years, such Person or Persons was or were reputed and regarded to be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, free from Slavery, and did behave and demean him, her, or themselves, decently, and as becoming Free Persons of his, her, or their Complexion, then and in every such Case a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the said Justices shall be, and it is hereby declared to be a sufficient Proof ^nd Testimony of the Freedom of such Terlbn or Persons, and shall as such be received upon Record in the Register’s Office aforesaid.

Free Negroes.

Negroes or Mulattoes pretending to be free, to bring their Acts of Manumission to the _ Regi fter’s Office, there to be recorded $ and having no such Acts of Manumission, by Reason of their being born of Free Women, to prove the fame upon the Oath'of Two credible Freeholders, before Two Justices.

Certificate of the said Justices to be sufficient. persons who cannot produce Deeds of Manumission, or prove their Birth from a Free Woman, to bring Two credible Witnesses before any Two Justices, to declare upon Oath that they were reputed to be free during Five Years.

A Certificate from the said Justices to be a sufficient Proof.

Provided

PART III.

Grenada, —Slam; for their Protection, See.

Free Negrees,

That the Deeds of Freedom and Certificates be brought into the Register's Office within Three Months after the Publication of this A&t

Persons forswearing themfelm, &c. to be proceeded against and punished as in case of wilful and corrupt perjury.

Persons pretending to be free, not bringing the Proofs required, See. to be committed to the Common Gaol

and if no Proof, See. fhalTappear within Six Weeks, during which Time they (lull be advertised in the Grenada Gazette, See. to be sold by the Provost Martha), See. Application of the Money arising from such Sales.

Preamble,

Provided always tievertheless, That the said several Deeds of Freedom, and Certificates of being born of a Free Woman, and reputed Free for the Space of Five Years at least, be brought into the said Register’s Office within Three Calendar Months next and immediately after the Publication of this Act > and the Register for the Time being is hereby impowered and required to give Certificates thereof, or a certified Copy of any such Deed or Certificate, to any such Free Negro or Mulattoe, he or she paying such Fees therefore, as are usually paid for other Writings recorded in the said Office.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall wilfully forswear him, her, or themselves, or fubom, or attempt to suborn any Witness or Witnesses in Matters any Way relating to the Freedom or Manumission of Mulattoes or Negroes, he, ffie, or they suborning or attempting to suborn others as aforesaid, shall be proceeded against as in cases of wilful and corrupt Perjury: And in case any Person or Persons shall be convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, he, she, or they shall incur the fame Pains and Penalties, as by the Statutes of Great Britain are enacted against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

VII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Negro or Mulattoe pretending to be free, or having no known Owner, Renter, or lawful Employer in these Islands, who do not bring One or other of the several Proofs and Testimonies by this Act expressly required and directed, within the Time limited therein, into the Register’s Office of these Islands, all and every such Mulattoe or Negro shall, by Warrant of any Justice of the Peace in the Island where such Mulattoe or Negro then is, or resides, be committed to the Common Gaol; and if no sufficient Proof of his or her Freedom shall appear, or that he or she is not claimed, and the Property proved to the Satisfaction of any Two or more Justices of the Peace, within Six Weeks next and immediately after such Commitment, during which Time such Negro or Mulattoe shall be advertised in the Grenada Gazette, if any such there be, and if no Gazette shall happen then to be, in the most public Places of Resort in the said Islands, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, and he is hereby impowered and required, to fell any such Negro or Mulattoe at public Outcry, as a Slave, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducing the several Charges and Gaol Fees, shall be deposited in the public Treasury of these Islands, to remain to the Use of the Public, until the Owner or Owners of any such Negro or Mulattoe shall appear to prove his or her Property.

28th December 1786.

An ACT to require all Free Meftives, Cabrcs, Negroes, and other Coloured Free Persons, residing in, or who may hereafter arrive, in these Islands, to register their Names for the Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the Regulations laid down and prescribed by a certain Act of the Legislature of these Islands, intituled, “ An Act to prevent the further sudden Increase of Free “ Negroes and Mulattoes,” many Persons of that Description have for a Number of Years past pretended to be free, although they have not obtained Manumissions according to the Prescriptions of the said Act: And whereas, notwithstanding that by the Fifth Claufo of another Act of the Legislature of these Islands, intituled, “ An Act for punishing Rogues, Va-“ gabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and declaring who shall be deemed Rogues, “ Vagabonds, idle and disorderly Persons,” it was enacted, that all Free Negroes, Cabres, Mulattoes, Meftives, and other Coloured People, who were then residing in any of these Islands, and were not Capitulants, or had not been naturalized or made Denizens, or were not His Majesty’s natural-born Subjects, or who should resort to, or be found in these Islands in a Month after the Publication of that Act, should be considered as Vagabonds; yet many such Persons are now actually resident in and are daily resorting to these Islands, where some have acquired Real Estates, and entered into Contrafts for considerable Sums, and others are related to Persons either free or pretending to be free, whose Heirs they now are or may hereafter become, which in Time may give Birth to many Suits and Controversies: And whereas other great and mani-fcft Mischiefs and Inconveniencies must arise from the uncertain Right to Freedom of many Persons pretending or claiming to be free; and it is moreover necessary, for many wise and fa-lutary Purposes, that the Number as well as the Quality of Free Persons residing in or resort* ing to these Islands should be clearly and distinctly ascertained: To the End therefore of remedying these Evils, and of enabling the Legislature to judge how -far these Acts should be strictly carried into Execution, or the Severity of their Provisions be tempered by such Amendments and Alterations as Humanity and good Policy may distate,

5 I. Be

Grenada> ^-Slaves; for their Protection, &c. PART III.

Free Negroes.

•I. Be it Enacted and Ordained by his Honour the Commander in Chief of these His Majesty’s I Hands of Grenada, and such of the Grenadines as lie to tbs Southward of the I Hand of Carracou, including that ffland, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty’s Council, and the Representatives of the People of the said islands in General Assembly.convened; and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That immediately after the Publication of this All Free People of Act it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, ^DaV'at and he is hereby required to ifllie a Proclamation, commanding all Mulattoes, Meftives, Cabres, iTe SecmaryToffice, Negroes, and other Coloured Free People, then residing in these Islands, of both Sexes and of or»° ,he P’p,fu"r\ all Ages, either born or pretending to be born free, or claiming Freedom byDeeds of Manu- Ab^Age.Sex*0 mrflion, to give in, within the Space of Ninety Days, at the Secretary's Office,of this Eland, or Colour, and.Niture . to the public Treasurer of the Grehadines, according to the usual Place of Abode.of such Free F^o^?ai\he Persons respectively, their Name, Place of Abode, Age, Sex, Colour, and Nature of their Name, Age, and Se* Claims to Freedom} also the Name, Age, and Sex of their Children respectively> and of all fft^relChildrenr*‘ other ’ Free or reputed Free Coloured Children, under Age, who may be under their, respective * ,ve Care and Charge, and at the fame Time to produce the Vouchers in Support of their, respective Claims to Freedom.

Secretary and Trea-

JI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Secretary of Gm- a“,r*rr,t£‘ Expfrtt^* nada^ and Treasurer of the Grenadines, shall, within Ninety'Days after the Expiration of the of said. 90 Days, to said. Ninety Days respectively, prepare Lifts of the Names, Ages, and Colours,-of all such FJ*P"e A^ind* Persons as shall have delivered in the fame, and their Claims to Freedom, in the Manner herein- colour*-of'all*f"ch before directed, arranging them in separate Schedules, under the different Heads in which they Pir,'ons« ffi»H have set up their Claims to Freedom, in order to be laid before both Houses of the Legislature, at and^aVClsdm^w* their first Meeting after the said Schedules shall have been prepared j and the Committee of Freedom, to be laid Public Accounts are hereby authorized to admit a Charge in the said Secretary’s and Treasurer’s j^°£* Mature11* °* Accounts, for their registering such Claims, and preparing such Schedules, as are hereinbefore Committee of Public directed to be laid before the Legislature, proportionally to their Trouble in registering and cha”°"!n Secrm'*’* preparing the fame. aJTi^&wVAc-

counts.

III. And, to the End that no Persons may plead Ignorance of what is required of them by Proclamation to be this Act; and as very few of the said Free Persons can read; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Sunday, for Two successive Months after the Publication of this Act, Momh? after PubH-the hereinbefore-mentioned Proclamation shall be publicly read in each Parish Church in these cation of A&, in each Islands, as well as in every other Place of public Worship, whether of the established Religion oth^P^ac'rof ic or any other, by the respective Ministers of each Parish, or Curates of each Place of public w01 ship. Worship, in French or English, according to the Language that is generally used in such Church or Place of public Worship } and in case any Minister of any Parish, or Curate of any Minister or Curate Place of public Worship, shall refute or neglect to read the said Proclamation publicly in the "/oneSWhPn0ef»?ftiil Manner hereinbefore directed, he shall for every such Refusal or Neglect, upon the Testimony forfeit 101. of One Witness upon Oath, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Current Money of this Island,

One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to Provost Marftal to be paid into the public Treasury of these. Islands for the public Uses thereof, to be recovered j,ec|, C a|J'” e,hin, by Warrant under the Hands of Two Justices of the Peace; and the Provost Marshal, or his Jb^affixedatOneor lawful Deputy, is hereby directed and required to cause to be affixed printed Copies of the said more Public ^laciStj£ Proclamation, in the English and French Languages, at One or more of the mod public and doo's’oV the federal conspicuous Place or Places, as well as at the Doors of the several Churches in the different Churche, and to Parish Towns of this Island, and in the Town of Hilsborough, in the Island of Cariacou, and ‘^nibed in Gazette* also to cause the fame to be published in the Gazette for Eight successive Weeks after the Publi- Eight successive cation of the said Proclamation. Weeks.

IV. And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Meftives, Mulattoes, Cabres, and AH Free People of

Negroes, being or pretending to be free, and who shall dr may, at any Time after the Publica- ‘“ve

cation of this Act, arrive in thete Islands, shall, and they are hereby required, within Fifteen Sn! within Fifteen Days after such their Arrival, to give in at the Secretary's Office, or to the public Treasurer of D*y*» theip*}*“e* the Grehadines, according to the Place of Arrival of such Persons, their Name, Age, Sex, ^Natme of cia?m Colour, and Nature of Claim to Freedom, and the Name, Age, and Sex of their Children, *0 Freedom, and the if any shall arrive in these Islands with their Parents, tinder the fame Penalties to which Free o/their^iidren.Se* Persons of the fame Denominations now residing in these Islands are by this Act subject} and the said Secretary of Grenada, and Treasurer of the Grenadines, shall from Time to Time add the Names of all such Free Persons to the Lift hereinbefore directed to be prepared by the said Secretary and Treasurer respectively, until the Legislature shall make other Provisions relative ® the Freedom of such Persons,

V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Meftives, Mulattoes, Neglecting or refilling Cabres, and Negroes, who claim Freedom, and shall neglect or refute to produce their respec- f“f^lc*a;mSir,()re’ jive Claims to Freedom, withip the said Spaces of 90 Days or Fifteen Days respectively, as //«edom, within raid

P^rt I|I. 0 F required

part in.

Grenada, &c.—Slaves; for their Protection, 8cc,

Free Negroes.

90 Day* or 15 Day?, forfeit 16 *. 6d. and Ss. 3d. for every Month's longer Refusal or Neglect*

Secretary, within 30 Days after Expiration of first 90 Days, to transmit to the Commanding Officer of Militia of each Parish, an exact Lift of the Names of the Free Coloured Persons reading in that Parish, who nave appeared before him $ and said Commanding Officers to examine whether any have not complied with this Act, and to issue his Warrant sgainst. Delinquents.

required by this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, and in case of further Refusal or Neglect, the further Sum of Eight Shillings and Three Pence for each and every Month’s longer Continuance of such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered and applied as the Fine upon Ministers or Curates is hereinbefore directed to be recovered and applied.

VI. And, in order more effectually to discover such Coloured Persons as shall have neglected or refused to pay due Obedience to this Act, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary shall, and he is hereby required, within Thirty Days after the Expiration of the First Ninety Days, to make out and transmit to the Commanding Officer of the Militia of each Pari fh for the Time being an exact Lift of the Names of the Free Coloured Persons residing in that Parish, who have appeared before him; and the said Commanding Officers are hereby ne-

Juired to make diligent Inquiry in their respective Parishes, of the several Free or reputed Freo Coloured Persons, and to examine whether any of them shall appear not to have complied with this Act; and if any such Delinquents shall come to his Knowledge, he is hereby authorized and required to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Constable, to caB such Delinquent before him, and (if he shall fee just Cause) to convict the said Delinquent, and by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to be directed as aforesaid, to cause the Fine or Fines hereby imposed, and which shall be then due, to be levied and applied in Manner hereinbefore directed. "

DOMINICA.

DOMINICA.

* J

PART III.

Tfte'Wiole of the J^aw in' this Island, respecting Negroes, is contained in an Act passed

1799, which is as follows:

Slaves considered as Property*

23 Dec. 1788.

The Value of Slaves executed or killed*

XXIII. AND be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority afore- The Value said. That if any Slave or Slaves shall be convicted and executed by virtue of of Slaves this Act, the Owner of such Slave or Slaves shall be paid, out of the public Treasury of this Island, the Value of such Slave or Slaves, which Value shall be settled by the Oaths of Two killed* credible White Persons, being Freeholders or Leaseholders, that knew the Slave or Slaves so executed j which Oath shall be sworn before some Justice of the Peace of this Island, and such Oath and Value to be certified by the said Justice of the Peace under his Hand and Seal; provided the Value to be paid does not exceed Sixty Pounds, Current Money of this Island.

XXIV. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid,

That in case any Slave or Slaves shall wilfully kill another Slave or Slaves, and be thereof convicted, the Value of the Slave or Slaves so convicted shall be paid out of the public Treasury of this Island, One Moiety to the Owner or Owners, Renter or Renters, of the Slave or Slaves convicted, and the other Moiety to the Owner or Owners, Renter or Renters, of the Slave or Slaves killed, so as the Value of any one Slave does not exceed Sixty Pounds Current Money, the Value to be ascertained by the Two Magistrates who shall try such offending Slave or Slaves.

XXV. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid,

That if any White Person, or Free Person of Colour, shall be convicted of the Murder of any Slave, or Slaves, the Master or Owner of the Slave so murdered shall receive the full Value thereof from the Effects of the said White Person, or Free Person of Colour, which Value shall be immediately ascertained on the Oath of competent Persons, who may have known the Slave or Slaves so murdered, before the said Court} whereupon a Judgment shall be entered against the Offender, on such Conviction, for the appraised Value of the said Slave or Slaves, and the said Court are to award Execution on such J udgment, to be levied by the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, in the same Manner as Executions issued out of the Court of Common Pleas are levied } and in case the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements, of the said White Person, or Free Person of Colour, are not equal to the Amount of Sixty Pounds, Current Money, for each Slave so murdered, then and in such Case the said Owner or Owners of the said Slave or Slaves so murdered shall be entitled to receive from the public Treasury as much as is necessary ro make up any Deficiency in the said Sum of Sixty Pounds} or if the said White Person, or Free Person of. Colour, has no> Effects of any Kind whatever, then the Owner or Owners of the said Slave or Slaves shall be entitled to receive from the public Treasury, for each Slave so murdered, a Sum’ not exceeding Sixty Pounds, Current Money of this Island.

XXVI. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid,

That if any Slave or Slaves shall be sentenced to Banishment by virtue of this Act, the Owner or Owners of the said Slave or Slaves shall be entitled to receive, as a Redompence for the said Slave or Slaves, from the public Treasury of this Island, any Sum not exceeding Sixty Pounds,

Current Money, fof each of the said Slave or Slaves ib banifoed, which Sum shall be ascertained by Two competent Judges; and the Sum which may arise from the public Sale of the said Slave

Part III. 6 G ‘or

part m. Dominica.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

The Value of Slaves executed 6r killed.—Trading in Sugar,&c.—Carrying Fire , Offences.

or Slaves, sold by the Provost Mirlhal, or his lawful Deputy, under Sentence of Banishment, after deducing his Fees, shall be paid into the public Treasury of this I Hand; and in case the Amount of the Sale of the said Slave or Slaves may be above Sixty Pounds Current Money, then the Provost Marshal shall return the Overplus, after deducing all legal Fees, to the Owner or Renter of the said Slave or Slaves.

Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Trading in XVI. AN D be it,’ and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid. Sugar, fcfr. That if any Slave or Slaves shall be detected in felling or disposing of any Sugar or Sugar Canes, Syrup or Sling, Coffee, Cotton, Cocoa, Rum, or Molasses, the fame, together with the said Slave or Slaves, shall and may be seized by any Person or Persons whatever, Freeman or Slave, and carried before any Justice of the- Peace, Who shall commit the said Slave or Slaves to the Common Gaol of this Idand, and shall give Notice thereof to the Owner, ‘Renter, Manager, or Overseer of the said Slave or Slaves j and on Conviction of the said Slave or Slaves before Two or more Justices, the said Slave or Slaves shall be punished, at the Discretion of the Justices, with any Number of Ladies, not exceeding Thirty-nine i and it (hall' and may be lawful for any Magistrate or Constable to seize, or cause to be seized, any Canes exposed to Sale in the Markets or Shops, or elsewhere, in this Idand, and if the Parties do not give a satisfactory Account how he, she, or they came by the said Canes, if a White or Free Person or Persons, he, she, or they shall be subject to a Fine not exceeding Thirty Shillings, at the Discretion of Two Magistrates, to be recovered by Warrant of Distress, and, if a Slave or Slaves, to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion ot Two Magistrates, such Whipping not to exceed Thirty-nine Lathes: Provided nevertheless, that nothing contained in this Clause shall be understood to prevent the Slave or Slaves of this Idand from dispodng of the Productions of their Gardens and Stock,. under a written Permit, signed by the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of the said Slave or Slaves.

Carrying XV. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid. Fire Arms, That no Slave or Slaves, within this Idand, shall carry any Fire Arms, or any unlawful Wea-

hic. pon, without written Permission from the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of such Slave

or Slaves; nor shall any Slave or Slaves presume to fire any Gun, great or small, on any Pretence whatever, without Leave of the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer; and if it should (o happen that any Slave or Slaves should be guilty of a Breach of this Clause, such Slave or Slaves, upon Conviction before Two or more Justices of the Peace, shall receive a Flogging on the bare Breech, not exceeding Thirty-nine Lashes in Number.

Preamble. VIII. And whereas it is necessary to ascertain and fix a proper Distinction In the Gradations Various and local Consequences of Crimes committed by the Slaves in the Idand, with Punishments an-

JOffences. nexed and corresponding thereto; Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Slave or Slaves, who shall be convicted of the wilful Murder, or who shall have been accedary thereto, of any White Person, Free Person of Colour, or Slave, or who shall be convicted of robbing any Person, of whatever Description or Colour, on the high and public Roads of this Idand, or who shall have been accedary thereto, or who shall be convicted of deliberately breaking opeh any Dwelling House or Store, and robbing therefrom, or who shall have been accedary thereto, or who shall be convicted of having (et Fire to any House, Outhouse, Store, Building, or Cane Piece, or who shall have been accedary thereto, shall fulFer Death.

IX. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That any Slave or Slaves, who shall be convicted of having (truck a White Person, or who shall be convicted of having (truck a Free Person of Colour, being his, her, or their Matter or Mif-tress, or who shall be convicted of a Theft or Robbery, to any Amount above Five Pounds, or who shall have been accedary thereto, or who shall be convicted of an Attempt to rob on the high or public Roads of this Colony, or who shall be convicted of an Attempt to set Fire to any House, Outhouse, Building, or Cane Piece, or who shall be convicted of breaking open any House, Outhouse, or Building, with an Intention of robbing therefrom, or who shall have Been accedary thereto, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment, by Banishment or public "Whipping on the bare Breech, as shall be indicded upon him, her, or them, at the Discretion of 6 G a the

Dominica.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

PART III.

Various Offences.—When purified by the Owner.—Of the Trial of Slaves-, and Proceedings

the Court instituted by this Act for the Trial of such Offenders, provided such public Whipping-do not exceed the Number of Thirty-nine Lashes*

X. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That any Slave or Slaves, who shall assemble at any Time for mutinous and other dangerous Purposes,

, and who shall refuse to disperse and go peaceably home to their different Houses and Plantations, when ordered so to do by any White Person whatever, and who shall be convicted thereof, the Ringleader, or principal Offender, shall suffer Death j and the others, according to the Gradations of their Crimes, shall suffer Death, or other Punishment, by Banishment or public Flogging on the bare Breech, provided such Flogging do not exceed the Number of Thirty-nine Ladies; all which Punishments shall be at the Discretion of the Court instituted by this Law for the Trial of such Offences.

XI. And whereas it frequently happens that Slaves assume the Art of Witchcraft, or are what is p«ambk. commonly called Obeah or Doctor Men, and, under Pretence of a Gift of supernatural Powers,

do influence the Minds of weak and credulous Slaves, and frequently stimulate them to Acts of Mutiny or Rebellion against their Masters, Renters, Managers, and Overseers, and administer certain Drugs or Potions of a secret and generally of a poisonous Nature, as well to Slaves, as to free People of every Description; Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That any Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of any-Slave or Slaves, or any White Person whatever, who shall discover any Slave or Slaves practising any of the above Arts, and pretending, to any supernatural Powers, he the said Owner, Renter,

Manager, or Overseer, shall cause the said Slave or Slaves to be committed to the public Gaol of this Island, and then and there to be dealt with agreeable to the 12th and 13th Clauses of this Act: And upon Conviction of the said Slave or Slaves of the aforesaid Crimes, he, she, or they shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment, at the Discretion of the Court, by Banishment and Flogging on the bare Breech, as to the said Court may seem meet, provided the said Flogging do not exceed the Number of Thirty-nine Lashes.

XVIII. And whereas the Welfare and Safety of the Inhabitants of this Colony depends upon the jumble. Honesty, Obedience, and Industry of the Slaves: And whereas the inferior Crimes of Slaves, u, incompatible with the Interest of the Planter, and the internal Management and Discipline of a Plantation, cannot always be conveniently brought before the Cognizance of the Magistrates;'*£ Jr Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every -Slave or Slaves, who shall disobey the Order of his, her, or their Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, or who shall rob or plunder the Property of another, or who shall be guilty of Drunken-nefs, Quarrelling, Fighting, Neglect of Duty, Absence from Labour, or Absence from his, her, or their Plantation at any Time, without a written Pass signed by the Owner, Renter, Manager, 1

or Overseer of the said Slave or Slaves, specifying the Day and Days which is or are intended to be given the said Slave or Slaves, or any other Misdemeanor whatever, such Slave or Slaves shall be punished at the Discretion of his, her, or their Owner, Renter, Manager; or Overseer, by Confinement or Flogging on the bare Breech, provided the Number of Lashes does not exceed Thirty-nine; and the Owner, Renter, ManagerKor Overseer, who shall inflict any Punishment not prescribed by this Act, shall be subject to a Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Pounds Current Money of this Island, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record in this Island; and in case any petty Offences, Quarrels, and Differences should arise between the Slave or Slaves of different Plantations, if the Owners,

Renters, Managers, or Overseers be not able to settle the fame in an amicable Manner, then, and in such Cases, the Slave or Slaves shall be carried before the nearest Magistrate, who shall settle and adjust the fame, as to the said Magistrate may appear most agreeable to Justice; and In case the fame cannot be decided by the Authority of the said Magistrate, then the offending Slave or Slaves shall be committed by a Magistrate to the Common Gaol, to be tried agreeably to the 12th and 13th, or 14th Clauses of this Act.

XII. And whereas the Right of Trial by Jury, in all Criminal cases, is consonant to the Spirit Preamble, of the British Constitution; Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That within Ten Days after any Slave or Slaves, suspected of having com- «*•» mitted any of die Crimes mentioned in the 8th, 9th, 10th, and nth Clauses of this Act, shall

have been committed to the public Gaol of this Island, by the Warrant of any Magistrate, the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, shall give Notice to any Five of the Justkes of the an Jfro~ Peace then in the Town of Roseau, or in the Neighbourhood of the said Town, of the Trial of c?f m&5 such Slave or Slaves being to come on, at any Time not exceeding Three Days from the Time * erton' of such Notice, and shall also cause to be summoned any Twelve of the neighbouring Freeholders, Leaseholders, Merchants, and Traders, or respectable Housekeepers in the Town of Roseau, who are hereby required to attend, under the Penalty of Thirty-three Shillings for each Default, to be recovered by Warrsyjt of the Justices forming the said Court, directed to the a Provost

• d by ^oome

PART III.

Dominica.—Slaves; for their Regulation, 8cc.

Of the Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon i

Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby authorized and required to levy the fair.e on the Goods and Chattels of the Defaulter, and in case of not finding such Goods and Chattels, to take the Body of such Defaulter, and to confine him in the public Gaol until he shall have paid his Fine and Costs: Provided always, that it shall be in the Power of the Court to excuse the Payment of such Fine or Fines, on reasonable Cause shewn by such Defaulter: And the Provost Marshal shall be entitled to a Fee of Forty-nine Shillings and Six Pence, for giving Notice to the Justices, summoning the Jury, and attending the Court with a proper Crier.

XIII. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That any Three or more Justices, being met, shall constitute a Court of Record, and shall cause the Clerk of the Crown to attend, who shall make a Record of all the Proceedings against Slaves, in all cases mentioned in the Four foregoing Clauses j for attending which Court, and making such Record, the Clerk of the Crown shall be entitled to a Fee of Four Dollars j and the said Court, so being met, may proceed to such Trial, and any Six of the above-mentioned Freeholders, Landholders, Merchants, and Traders, or respectable Housekeepers, being first duly sworn, shall constitute a Jury, whose unanimous Verdict shall determine the Fait alledged against the Slave or Slaves so to be tried, after having first heard the Evidence produced for and against such Slave or Slaves; to all which they shall give such Credit as they in their Con-sciences think due, and that upon the Jury finding such Slave or Slaves guilty of the Crime of •which he, she, or they stand accused, then shall the said Court pronounce Sentence of Death for all such Crimes as are specifkd in the 8th Clause of this Act, and Sentence of Death or such other Punishments for Crirr.es as are specified in the 9th, 10th, and 1 ith Clauses of this Act, as to such Court shall seem meet: Provided always, that such Court passing Sentences for capital Crimes or smaller Offences, shall not in any Cafe presume to prescribe Modes of Execution, or to inflict Punishments, unknown to the Laws of England for similar Crimes and Offences (except in such Cases as are by this Law prescribed), and in case of the Acquittal of the said Slave or Slaves, the Fees shall be paid by the Colony.

Preamble,' XIV. And whereas a too frequent and troublesome Attendance, to try the inferior Offences committed by the Slaves, would be inconvenient to the Interest of the Planter, Merchant, and others, and it may be necessary and politic to punish the 1r.f1 ior Crimes and Misdemeanors of Slaves on a summary Conviction; Be it, and it is hereby fui ther Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every Slave or Slaves who shall be convicted, on Evidence delivered before Two or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said Ifknd, of having committed Thefts or Robberies to any Amount under Five Pounds, or who shall be convicted as aforesaid of. attempting to strike, or of menacing or of grossly insulting a White Person or Persons, or of striking or of grossly insulting a Free Person or Persons of Colour, or who shall be convicted of having, from Carelessness and Inattention, set Fire to any Building or Cane Piece, or who shall be convicted of quarrelling, fighting, breeding Riots, or other Offences and Misdemeanors against the Property of the Inhabitants of this island, such Slave or Slaves shall be punished by public Flogging on the bare Breech,'at the Discretion of such Justices of the Peace, provided such Flogging do not exceed the Number of Thirty-nine Lashes.

Preamble. XVII. And, in order that the Intentions of Justice, in the Discovery of Truth, should not be frustrated by the Cunning or Obstinacy of Slaves, Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That any Slave or Slaves who shall refuse or evade to give Evidence, when called upon by a Magistrate or Magistrates, either in or out of any Court of Record in this Island for that Purpose, such Slave or Slaves for such Contempt shall suffer a Punishment, at the Discretion of Two or more Magistrates, by public Flogging on the bare Breech, provided such Flogging does not exceed the Number of Thirty-nine Lashes.

' ft

Slavesj

Dominica*

PART III;

Slaves $ for their Protections

23 Dec. 1788;

All former declared to be expired.—Of Feedings Clothing, and Lodging.—Their in Religion.—Their Marriages*

An ACT for the Encouragement, Protection, arid better Government of Slaves;

1. WHEREAS the different Acts of this Island, for the Government and Protection of Slaves, are expired: And whereas it is highly expedient that a Syltem of Laws, for the Encouragement, Protection, and better Government of Slaves, founded on Principles of Policy, Justice, and Humanity, should be enacted: We your Majesty’s dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty’s Island of Dominica, do humbly pray your Most Excellent Majesty; That it maybe Enacted and Ordained; and be it, and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority of the same, That every Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of any Slave or Slaves, shall feed, or cause to be fed, all such Slave or Slaves as shall be under his, her, or their Care, with a sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Food, and shall give them good and sufficient Clothing, and shall provide dry and comfortable Lodging for them; and in case of the Sickness of any of the said Slave or Slaves, the said Owner, Renter,

Manager, or Overseer, shall provide for the said Slave or Slaves proper medical Assistance and Advice; and the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, shall provide, within the Boundary of his, her, or their Plantation or Lot of Land, comfortable Lodging, wholesome Food, and medical Assistance, for all and every old, infirm, and distempered Slave or Slaves; and if any Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of any Slave or Slaves shall neglect to feed and clothe his, her, or their Slave or Slaves, or shall neglect, in case of Sickness, to provide for the said Slave or Slaves proper medical Assistance and Advice, and comfortable Lodging, or shall neglect to provide comfortable Lodging, wholesome Food, and medical Assistance, for all and every old, infirm, and distempered Slave or Slaves, within the Boundary of his, her, or their Plantation or Lot of Land, such Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, shall be fined in a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at the Discretion of Three or more Magistrates,. for a Neglect of any of the Regulations laid down by this Clause, which Sum shall be levied, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and directed to any Constable or Constables of this Island, and paid into the public Treasury of this Island, for the public Uses thereof.

' IT. And whereas it is expedient that the Slaves in this Island should be encouraged as much Preamble, as possible in the Cultivation of their Grounds, for the better Subsistence of themselves and Families i Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of such Slave or Slaves shall have the Option of feeding his, her, or their Slaves, by allowing them a sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Food, or by allotting to each and every of them a sufficient Portion of Land for that Purpose, and certain Times for cultivating it, over and above the Sundays and Holidays hereinafter prescribed:

Provided always, that the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, in case the said Slave or Slaves should not have received proper and sufficient Food and Nourishment, shall be fined in a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be levied and appropriated in Manner and Form as directed by the First Clause oif this Act.

III. And whereas a Knowledge of the DoCtrines, and a due Attention to the Exercise of the Preamble! Duties, of the Christian Religion would tend to improve the Morals and to advance the temporal

and eternal Happiness of the Slaves; Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners, Renters, Managers, or Overseers, or One of them, shall Their In-on every Sunday, on their several Estates or Plantations, and at the most convenient Time of the in

Day, convene together the Slaves of the said Estate or Plantation, for the Purpose of performing Religion. the Offices of Divine Worship j and the said Owners, Renters, Managers, or Overseers, shall not fail to exhort all Male and Female Slaves, who may be unbaptized, to receive the Holy Sacrament of Baptism; and all the unbaptized Children of Slaves shall, after the Publication of this Act, receive the said Sacrament of Baptism j and on Neglect of the Performance of these Duties the said. Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, shall be fined, in any Sum not less than Ten Pounds, nor more than Twenty-five Pounds, to be recovered and appropriated in Manner and Form as directed by the First Clause of this Act.

IV. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Their Mar -all Owners, Renters, Managers, or Overseers, of all the Slaves who may be arrived at Years of

Part III. 6 H Maturity,

Preamble.

All former Laws declared to be expired.

Of Feeding, Clothing, and Lodging.

part hi. Dominica.—Slaves; for their Protection, See.

Their Marriages.—Holidays.—Mujic.—A Certificate of I and

' Of murdering a Slave.—Manning.

Maturity, and who may be desirous of entering into a connubial State, shall encourage and exhort such Slave or Slaves to receive the Ceremony of Marriage, as instituted under the Forms of the Christian Religion j and in Neglect of doing so, the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, shall be subject to a Fine of Five Pounds, to be recovered and appropriated in Manner and Form as prescribed by the First Clause of this Act.

Preamble. V. And whereas a Relaxation from Labour on certain Days in the Year, and an Indulgence in

Holidays. innocent Recreations and Amusements, would tend to improve the Health, and add to the Con-

tentment of the Slaves j Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Slaves in this Island (House Servants, Stock Keepers, and Watchmen excepted) shall not be required to labour for their Mailers and Owners on any Sunday throughout the Year, on Christmas Day, New Year’s Day, Good Friday, and the Fifteenth Day of August j and in case any one of the said Holidays should fall out on a Sunday, then the Wednesday following is to be allowed such Slave or Slaves, in lieu of such Sunday.

Mujic. VI. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid,

That any Slave or Slaves, on any Plantation, or in any House in the said Island, are hereby permitted, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Owners, Renters, Managers, or Overseers of the said Slaves, on each and every Ellate and Plantation in the said Island, and by and with a written permission of any Two Magistrates, in any of the Towns of the said Island, to use any Instrument of Music for the Purpose of Dancing, or in the Indulgence of any innocent Amusement, provided the said Dancing and Amusements are not allowed to continue after the Setting of the Sun, if in the Town of Roseau, or after Eight of the Clock in the Evening, if on Plantations; and in case of the Non-observance of any of the said Regulations, the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of the said Slave or Slaves, or the Constable or Con-Rabies in the Towns of this Island, shall be fined; (that is to say) all Owners, Renters, Managers, and Overseers, for Negkft of any of the Regulations contained in this and the foregoing Clause, in a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and every Constable or Constables shall be fined in a Sum not under Twenty Shillings, nor above Live Pounds, for Neglect of the Regulations laid down by this Clause, and not preventing and putting a Stop to such Dancing, after having received Information thereof; the said Fine or Fines to be recovered upon Conviction before One or more Justices of the Peace, and appropriated in Manner and Form as directed by the First Clause of this Act.

Preamble. VII. And, in order to secure, as far as possible, the good Treatment of the Slaves, and to ascertain

the cause of the Decrease of the Slaves, if any such there may be; Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner, Renter, Manager, or Over-A Certifi- seer of any Slave or Slaves, on every Ellate and Plantation in this Island, or some One of them, cate of In- shall, in the Month of January in every Year, deliver in on Oath before any Justice of the Peace crease and for this Island, a Certificate of the Increase or Decrease of the Slaves under his, her, or their

Decrease. Direction, how many have been born, or how many have died, within Twelve Months previous

thereto, and the Cause of the Death of such Slave or Slaves, to the bell of his, her, or their

Knowledge and Belief, which Certificate shall be lodged, within Ten Days after the Date thereof,

in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, for the filing of which the Secretary shall be allowed the Fee of Nine Pence Currency for each Certificate; and if any Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, shall fail to deliver in the said Certificate on Oath, at the Time appointed by this Clause, he, she, or they shall be fined in the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money, to be recovered and appropriated in Manner prescribed by the First Clause of this Act.

preamble. XIX. And whereas it is just and proper that the Slaves should be protefted in their Persons from the Violence and Inhumanity of such White Persons, and Free Persons of Colour, who may have no lawful Authority over them, or who may exert such Authority in an unjustifiable or Of murder- cruel Manner; Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority afore-ingaSlave. said. That if any White Person or Persons, Free Person or Persons of Colour whatever, shall be convicted of the wilful Murder of any Slave or Slaves, or shall be accessary thereto, such White Person or Persons, or Free Person or Persons of Colour, shall fuller Death.

Maiming. XX. And be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid,

That any White Person or Persons, Free Person or Persons of Colour, who shall be convicted of maiming, defacing, or mutilating, or cruelly torturing, or causing to maim, deface, mutilate, or cruelly torture, any Slave, shall be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months, or fined in any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, Current Money of this Island, and to continue in Confinement until the said Fine shall be paid; which Fine shall be appropriated in Manner directed by the First Clause of this Act.

6 H a XXI. And

Dominica.—Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

part in.

Beating.—Violating

XXI. And be it, and it is hereby further Enabled and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, Beating. That any White Person or Persons, Free Person or Persons of Colour, who shall be guilty of striking or severely beating any Slave or Slaves, the Property of another, or of depriving any

such Slave or Slaves of any Property in his, her, or their Possession, he, she, or they, on being convicted of such Offence or Offences before any Three or more Justices of the Peace, shall be fined in any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, besides making full Restitution of any Property; which Fine shall be recovered by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Three or more Justices of the Peace, directed to the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby authorized and required to levy the same on the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders; and in case of not finding any such Goods or Chattels, then to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and confine him, her, or them in the Common Gaol, until he, she, or they shall have paid his Fine and Fees: Provided always, That this Clause shall not be understood to extend to any Person or Person? taking Goods from a Negro, on Suspicion or Knowledge of such Goods being stolen, or the depriving the said Slave or Slaves of any dangerous Fire Arms or Torch, <?r improper Weapon.

XXII. And, in order to protect the Domestic and Connubial Happiness of Slaves; Be it, and it is Preamble, hereby further Enabled and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That any White Person or

Free Person of Colour whatever, who shall take away and cohabit with the Wife or Wives of , any Slave or Slaves in this Island, shall, on Conviction thereof before any Three or more Ma- aj!^ gistrates, be subject to a Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and appropriated in Manner and Form as is directed by the First Clause of this Act.

XXVII. And whereas the Slaves in this Island, on different Days allotted them for Holidays by Preamble, virtue of this Act, may become riotous and disorderly, from the Absence of the Managers or Overseers of the Plantations and Estates in this Island; and to prevent the Mischiefs arising therefrom, Be it, and it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any -Overseer in this Island shall absent himself from the Estate under his Care and Management, on any of the particular Holidays hereinbefore mentioned, or on any Sunday (except during the Time of Divine Service, or his being on Military Duty) without Leave of his Employer, every such ' Overseer so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by Information upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace, in a summary Way, in the Parish where such Offence shall happen, to be recovered and appropriated in Manner and Form prescribed by the First Clause of this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

St.-VINCENT.

PART III.

ST. VINCENT.

The Law of this Island respecting Slaves is contained in the following Acts, passed

il July, 1767.

27 Oft. 1767.

22 Oft. 1776.

Which are to be found in a printed Volume of the Laws of this Island, dated 1788.

Slaves considered as Property.

Slaves made Real

11 July, 1767.

An ACT for making Slaves Real Estate, and the better Government of Slaves and Negroes.

WE your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, Robert Melvill, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over all your Majesty’s Southern Charibbee Islands in America, the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty’s Island of Saint Vincent, humbly pray your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be Enacted; And be it, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Negro and other Slaves, after the Date of this Act, shall and are hereby declared to be Real Estate, and not Chattels, and shall de-feend unto the Heirs according to the Custom and Manner of Inheritance held in Fee Simple, and Widows shall be capable of being endowed thereof: Provided always. That any Executor or Administrator may inventory the said Negro and other Slaves, but not take them into his Custody, to the Intent that if there be not sufficient Goods and Chattels to pay the De-ceased’s Debts, the said Negro and other Slaves shall be taken for Payment of the said Debts, and be Chattels to that Purpose, and not otherwise.

II. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person seised of any Negro or other Slaves for the Term of his, her, or another’s Life only, or if any Widow ora0VhersLive^ho seised of any Negro or other Slaves of the Dower of her Husband, shall fend off, or directly shall fend them off or indirectly consent to the fending off, this Island, or shall sell and dispose of any such Negro t^dt’0 pay't^b'e or other Slaves, so that they or any of them are sent off this Island as aforesaid, without the their Value, to be lawful Consent of him, her, or them in Reversion or Remainder, being of full Age, and also raws* by Action. of the Executor or Administrator, where they are liable to the Payment of Debts for the Want of other Effects, or the Trustee or Trustees, where they are held for the Use of any other, or if any such Widow shall marry a Husband who shall fend off, or consent to the fending off, or to the felling or disposing of any such Negro or other Slaves so that they are sent off as aforesaid, without the lawful Consent of him, her, or them in Reversion or Remainder, the Executors or Administrators of every of them, or Trustees aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons in Reversion or Remainder, or the Executors or Administrators, and every of them, or those who have any Trust reposed in them for the Use of any other, js and are hereby impoWered to have an Action or Actions at Law against such Tenant for Life,

Widow, or Husband, for the Recovery of treble the full Value of such Negro or other Slaves sent off as aforesaid; and if any such Tenant for Life, Widow, or Husband, so holding any if they ftail destroy,

Negro or other Slaves, shall wilfully destroy, maim, or disable any Negro or other Slaves so ®^dl[ab,^eruch

held, such Person so destroying, maiming, or disabling, shall pay treble the Value of such fam^iCfemue. * Negro destroyed, maimed, or disabled, to the Person or Persons in the Reversion or Remain-Part III, 5 6 1 der.

Slaves made Real Estate.

Preamble.

Clause I. Slaves declared to be Real Estate, and Widows dowable thereof.

Proviso.

part nr.

St. Vincent.—Slaves considered as Property.

Slaves made Real Estate.—Value of Slaves executed.

der, or such Executor, Administrator, or Trustees, as before described, to be recovered in the same Manner as is above directed for fending Slaves off this Island.

Executors, Administrators, or Trustees, may pay any Legacies or Debts out of their own Monies, topre-vent Slaves being fold and taken off any Estate, such Estate to remain a Security for such Monies, with Six per Cent. Interest.

Any Minister marrying a Free Person to a Slave, to forfeit 501.

III. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better preserving Negro and other Slaves on Estates in this Island, and for saving Estates from being ruined by the entire Recovery of Legacies left by Testators, and of just Debts due from their Estates, which might with more Ease be paid, without injuring any Person concerned, by the Allowance of a little longer Time for the Payment of such Debts or Legacies after they shall become due, it shall and may be lawful for any Executor, Administrator, or any other Person in Trust, not having sufficient Effects in his or their Hands belonging to the Testator, or the Estate that he or they are entrusted for, out of his or their own Monies to pay and satisfy, or cause to be paid or satisfied, any Legacy or just Debt, after the same shall become due from the Estate, that the Negroes may be preserved on the Plantation, and be prevented from being levied on and carried from it, which would inevitably ruin the fame, and put it out of a Capacity of recovering itself again; and what Money any Executor, Administrator, or other Person in Trust, shall pay or satisfy, or cause to be paid and satisfied, for the discharging such Legacies and Debts as aforesaid, the Estate shall stand and remain ,a Security for the Money paid or satisfied, or to be paid as aforesaid, with Interest for the fame, at and after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXV. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Minister of this Island shall marry any Free Person to any Slave in this Island, such Minister shall forfeit to the Use of the Public Fifty Pounds Current Money, to be recovered by Warrant under the Hand of the Governor in Chief, Deputy Governor, or President of the Council, for the Time being, of the said Island, in Nature of an Execution, directed to the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, who shall levy the same.

Such Fre^ Person to pay Owner of such Slave 1001.

Value of Slaves executed.

Price paid by Public on the Execution of One Slave for the Murder of another, to be divided between Owners of both*

Any Slave killed in pursuing Runaways to be paid for by Public5 if only maimed, a proportionable Allowance to be made.

Owners, See, refuting to deliver up any Slave who has committed any Felony, to be debarred from receiving Payment from the Public, if such Slave be afterwards taken and convicted | and to forfeit his or her Value to Person prosecuting betides.

Slaves condemned, to be apprailed by Two Freeholders before Execution.

Proviso.

XXVI. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Free Person so marrying such Slave shall pay to the Owner of the Slave he hath married, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or be obliged, by Order of Two Justices, to serve such Owner Four Years.

XLVI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where One Slave murders another, the Price paid by the Public on executing the Murderer, as hereafter directed, shall be equally divided between the Owner of the Offender and the Owner of the Slave (lain.

XLVII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person's Slave shall be killed in pursuing Runaways by his Matter's, Owner’s, Renter’s, or Manager’s Orders, or any other lawful Order, the Slave flain shall be paid for by the Public, and the Value settled as herein directed for settling the Value of a Runaway killed in being pursued; and if the Slave pursuing be only maimed or much hurt, then proportionable Allowance shall be made by the Public, to be settled in Manner last mentioned.

XLVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave shall kill or murder any Person, White or Black, or commit any Felony (running away excepted) made known to the Matter, Mistress, Owner, or Renter of such Slave, and such Matter, Mistress, Owner, or Renter of such Slave, being on this Island, shall refuse to deliver up such Slave immediately after the Crime made known as aforesaid (the Slave being then in his Master’s, Mistress’s, Owner’s, or Renter’s Service, Custody, or Power) that then and in such Case^ if the Slave be afterwards apprehended and found guilty thereof, the Owner or Renter of such Slave shall be, and is hereby debarred from having or receiving, from the public Treasury of this Island, any Sum or Sums of Money or other Consideration for the Slave so convicted, and shall forfeit and pay the full Value of the said Slave to the Person or Persons prosecuting.

XLIX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, whensoever any Negro or other Slave shall be taken and condemned for any Crime, Offence, or Misdemeanor by him or them committed, that before Execution, do pass upon them, or any or either of them, he, she, or they shall be valued and appraised by Two neighbouring Freeholders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Two Justices who shall try such Slave or Slaves, according to the Confidence, belt Skill, and Judgment of the said Appraisers, upon their Oaths, to be given before the said Magistrates, or any other Two, before the Return of their Report: Provided always. That such Appraisers shall not appraise any Slave condemned for running away to above Thirty Pounds Current Money; and such Value of such condemned Slave shall be paid to the Owner or Renter of Rich Slave so condemned and executed, out of the public Treasury of this Island, upon producing the Certificate of such Condemnation, Execution, and Appraisement, under the 6 I 2 Hands

PART III.

St. Vincent.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Value of Slaves with Slaves.

Hands of the Justices trying such Slaves, to the Treasurer of this Island; except it shall appear that the Owner, Renter, or Proprietor of such Slave or Slaves has refuted to deliver up such Slave or Slaves as before mentioned j except further as is hereinafter mentioned.

L. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost Marshal of this IWoft Marital to Island for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy, upon Notice given him from the Justices Snder^nMt'of* i of the Peape, or either of them, who shall award the Execution, of the Time and Place and'o be pafdV.0 * when and where any Slave or Malefactor is to be executed, shall attend the Discharge and therefore out of the Duty of his Funftion, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds Current Money i and for each and PPrai*nwnt* every Execution so done and performed by the said Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, he shall be paid the Sum of Five Pounds Current Money, to be allowed out of the Sum for "Which the Slave so executed shall be appraised at; or in the Absence or Neglect of the said Marshal and his Deputy, whosoever (being lawfully appointed) shall do or cause Execution to be done upon the Body of such Criminal or Malefactor as aforesaid, upon Certificate thereof from the Justices who awarded the Execution, he or they shall receive the Benefit of the said Sum of Five Pounds, to be paid in Manner aforesaid.

LIII. And whereas some Masters and Owners of Slaves in this Island do not provide slaves convifad of sufficiently for their Slaves, or allow them Time to plant and provide for themselves, con- Robbery, who were

trary to Law, and yet the Safety of this Island requires that such Slaves should suffer, or ficLnTAUowance by"

otherwise they would commit the greatest Outrages, and their Masters and Owners be en- owners, Damage couraged in their Neglect at the public Charge, Be it therefore Enabled by the Authority ^bbed'to^ paid^by aforesaid. That the Justices, at the Time of trying any Slave accused of Robbery, shall Public, but nothing enquire, by Witnesses examined on their Oaths, how the Owner or Owners of such Slave w Owners, was provided with Provisions, and other Necessaries, and what Allowance such Slave received} and if it shall appear to the said Justices that the Master or Owner had not provided sufficiently for such Slave, and that Necessity might have compelled the Slave to the Offence committed by him, the said Justice shall certify the fame to the Treasurer, and direct the Treasurer to pay the Damage done by such Slave, to the Party injured (so as such

Damage does not exceed the Value of such Slave, as in that Cafe the Value only of such

Slave shall be paid for the Damages) but nothing to the Owner.

Slaves 5 for their Regulation* &c.

nth July, 1767*

X. AND be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Or Persons Trading with whatsoever shall hereafter buy, barter, or truck for, or receive by any Means of or from any Slaves.

Slave or Slaves, Sugar, Cotton, Rum, Molasses, Ginger, Cocoa, Coffee, or other Goods or Persons buying any Merchandize (except it be Logs of Wood, Fire Wood, fresh Fish, and Dunghill Fowls, Cotton, Goats, Hogs, Roots, and Vegetables of any Sort) without the Knowledge or Consent of the gTi,to'tebcmnd Master or Owner of such Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, signiffed by Note in Writing, over to the Seffiom, specifying the Nature and Quantity of the Goods, or by fending some White Person with &c*

such Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, upon Complaint made to the next Justice of the Peace, the Person or Persons so offending shall be bound to his or their good Behaviour, and to appear at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for this Island, and to be fined any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or double the Value of the Goods so clandestinely bought.

XI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Any ConfUbfe, lawful to and for every Constable within this Island, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks of Ci«k of Market, or the Market for the Time being, his or their Deputy or Deputies, who shall have taken the J^Ired to "eizeand Oath appointed by Law, and to and for every other Person or Persons whatsoever, to seize »?ke °p Negroes fel-and apprehend all such Negro and other Slaves, in whose Custody he or they shall find any ^S^aferi. Sugar Canes, whole or in Pieces, Muscovado or other Sugars, Syrup, Rum, or Molasses, mission in Writing Coffee, Cocoa, Cotton, Tobacco in Legs, any Plate, whether wrought or melted down, or fr0“ ,h,‘r own*r,“ any other Goods of Value, or of what Nature or Quality soever, if suspected to be stolen,

or dishonestly come by, and shall carry such Slave or Slaves, with all such Goods as shall 2 be

oome

part ni. StsFincenk-i^shi/es i for theiF Regulation, &c. -

trading with Slaves.-—Slaves hired cut.

be found in their Custody, before' the next* Justice' of the Peace, before whom, if sufficient1 Proof shall not be1 rfiade, to his Satisfaction, that the fame Goods were1 delivered or sent 'by the Master or Mistress of such Negro, or other Slave, or by such as shall act tmder'him or them, to be sold or disposed of as aforesaid, and there is no such Note in Writing as aforementioned, the said Goods, and every of them, shall be adjudged forfeited, One Half to the Informer or Seizer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish, unless the true and lawful Owner of any Goods so seized shall (after public Notice given by such Justice, -by flicking up such Notice, in Writing, of such Seizure, describing the Goods, and their particular Marks, and affixing the fame to every Parish Church Door in this Island, at leaftTdn Days before he returns such seized Goods forfeited, which such Justice is hereby'requitted to do) appearand Claim, and shall prove, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he or>flle> its the* rightful Owner thereof, in such Case-the Justice shall cause the Goods to be returned to^ Aicfc Owner, upon his or her paying Thirty Shillings for his Trouble therein, and'Other Charge? attending the Trial.

Persons buying or receiving stolen Good* from Negroes to be prosecuted at Sessions, and fined any Sum not exceeding tool- norlefs than sol. and also imprisoned.

If unable to pay the Fine, to suffer Corporal Punishment| and if guilty of the Offence a Second Time, deemed a Felon.

XII. And be it further Enacted' by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall buy, barter, or truck for, or receive by any unlawful Means, frortv ahy Slave or Slaves, any Goods or Chattels whatsoever, knowing the fame to be stolen, although the principal Felon or Felons is or are not known or convict, such Person or Persons (hair and rhay be profeedted therefore at the Court of Sessions, or of Oyer and Terminer, and shall and may be fined, as for a Misdemeanor, any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, Current Money of this Island, nor less than Twenty Pounds, like Money, and be imprisoned also, for any Time not exceeding One Year; §nd in case of such Offender’s being unable, neglecting, or refusing to pay the Fine immediately, such Offender shall undergo such other corporal Punishment instead of the said Fine, by Whipping or Pillory, as the Court shall think fit*; and upon a Conviction of the like Offence as last mentioned, a Second Time, the Person offending shall be deemed a Felon. ' '

Persons eonvifled of

XIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be Misdemeanor.^for convicted of a Misdemeanor, for buying, bartering, or trucking with-any Negro, or other groesfto be a°Bar to Slave or Slaves, contrary to this Act, such Conviction shall be a Bar to any other Prose-*ny other Prosecution cution for being accessary to the Felony committed by the Principal, if the Principal be Fines*how* to be ap- afterwards convicted; and all Fines hereby laid on Persons convicted of buying, bartering, plied.’ or receiving Goods from Slaves, shall be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

Stolen Goods found for the public Uses of this Island, and the..Support. of the Government thereof; and all and in Possession of any every Person and Persons, on whom or in whose Possession any loft or stolen Goods shall be d"ntEvfdence1 f°und, it shall be deemed Evidence against him, her, or them, that they bought, trucked, or against him or her. bartered for such Goods of or with a Slave, so far as to make him or them liable only to a Exception. Misdemeanor by virtue of this Act* unl^ls such Pbrfon or-Persons shall give sufficient Evidence to the Court how he came by the Goods; and it (half not be any Way necessary, in the Indictment or Information for such Misdemeanor, to name particularly the Slave or Slaves of whom bought, had, bartered, trucked, or received, l?ut the laying it to be from a Slave unknown shall be sufficient, * c i:’ iiJ i ’

Persons employing Slaves to fell Goods, to forfeit 51; to Informer*

XIX. And be it further Eriaftfed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Ihallemploy any Slave in felling or disposing of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in Shops or otherwise, such Persons, upon Proof, either by the Confession of the' Party; or’by the Oath-of One Witness, of such Slave’s having been so employed, shall forfeit for each Offence the Sum-of Five Pounds Current Gold and Silver Money, to any Person who shall'inform against him, to be recovered before One or more of his Majesty’s Justices for this Island.

Slaves hired out.

Owners hiring to Slaves their own Time, to forfeit not less than 51. or more than 101. to the Informer.

And Persons employing Slaves without Consent of Own-cry or paying Slaves their Wages, to forfeit 5I. to the Informer.

XX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mailer or Mistress, Owner of Renrer of any Slave, or any other ' Person or Persons whatsoever,' shall order or di--rest, or lhalf knowingly permit or fuffor any Slave, on any Pretence whatsoever, to gb at large, and be it Liberty to hire himself Or herself out, and to leek for Business or Employ*-ment of any Kind, either in the Town or in the Country, or shall take or receive from any Slave or Slaves any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration, for allowing or giving up such Slave his or their own Time, such Master or Mistress, or Renter, shall forfeit not less than Five Pounds, or more than Ten Pounds, to any Person Vrho shall inform of the fame before any . Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required to hear and determine the fame; and any Person who shall employ, or-take into his or her Service; arty Slave belonging to another Person, without Agreement and Consent of such other Pdrfon, or who shall pay, or cause to be paid, to any Slave (though openly and legally rented to him or her) the Wages due Tor the Work and Labour of such Slave, or any Part thereof (except it be by the Order, Di-rection, and Consent of the Perlba from whom such Slave is hired) ftufll forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to the Informer, to be recovered as last aforesaid 5 and if any Slave or Slaves 5 foaN*

part nr.

/S'/. Vincent.—Slaves; for their Regulation,

Slaves hired out.—Slaves planting.—-Detaining Slaves'

shall, without the Privity or Knowledge of his, her, or their Mailer, Mistress, Renter, or Possessor, or Owner, go about the Country seeking Business or Employment, or shall fell any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, it shall be lawful for any Person meeting with or knowing of any such Slave so offending, to carry him or her to any Justice of the Peace, who is hereby authorized, impowered, and required to order him or her so offending any Number of Stripes not exceeding Thirty-nine; and if such Slave shall alfert, that he or she was to give any Thing for his or her Liberty, or that he or she had Leave from his or her Mailer, Mistress, Renter, Possessor, or Overseer, to seek out for Labour as aforesaid, the said Justice is then hereby required to order such Mailer, Mistress, Renter, Possessor, or Overseer, before him, and if he or she refuse to clear him or herself by Oath (or, being a Quaker, by solemn Affirmation) he or she shall be looked upon as consenting to such Slave’s having his or her Liberty, and shall be liable to the Penalty in this Clause first mentioned, to be recovered as aforesaid: Save and except, that nothing in this Clause contained shall extend, or be con-llrued to extend, to any Negro Men Slaves, who are or shall be employed in Towns as Porters; provided such Slave or Slaves so employed do always carry a Badge, made of a broad Piece of Lead, hung round his or their Necks, with the Word PORTER damped or marked on it j and so as such Porter, Slave, or Slaves always have a Ticket from his or their Owner, Mailer, Mistress, or Renter, signifying his, her, or their Permission of such Slave or Slaves being employed as Porters: And if any such Porter Slave shall refuse to work by the Day, or by the Job, or shall require by Agreement beforehand, or demand after such Labour done, any exorbitant Price for such Labour, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to hear a Complaint of such Refusal to work, or exorbitant Price taken or demanded, and punish such offending Slave at Discretion, according to the Heinoufnels of the Offence; and every Justice of the Peace shall hear and determine such Complaints, without demanding or taking any Fee for the fame.

Slaves roing about feekinr Work, or felr ling Gords, wilh* out Knowledge of Ownei, may he ordered 39 Stripes by Order of any Justice.

If any such Slave af-fert it to be with Consent of Owner, such mull clear him or herself by Oath, under the first Penalty in this Clause.

Exception.

Pioviso.

XXII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Slaves planting. Publication of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Negro or other Slave to plant, to his No slave to plant Su-own or any other Slave’s Use, any Sugar, Cocoa, Coffee, Cotton, or Ginger whatsoever; ®7ex&ofe7?oSaieh and that if any Negro or other Slave shall be found with any such, exposing the fame to Sale, to beseemed ftoien such Sugar, Cocoa, Coffee, Cotton, or Ginger, shall be deemed liolen Goods; and the Goods, fame Proceedings, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be had, made, and prosecuted thereon, against any such Negro or other Slaves, as in the cases hereinbefore mentioned; and any ^ny Person conWa-Huckfter or other Person who shall be convicted of dealing with or buying any such Sugar, edof buying-sugar, -Cocoa, Coffee, Cotton, or Ginger, from such Negro or other Slave, shall be subject to fJm7 asThofe" the fame Penalties and Proceedings, as are hereinbefore inflicted on those who receive stolen who receive stolen Goods. > Good*

XXIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person Any Person taking or Persons shall take off any Pot Hook, Ring, or Collar, from any Negro or Negroes or from°Negroes to pay other Slave or Slaves Neck or Necks, Leg or Legs, without Leave of his, her, or their iol.; if a sravebe Mailer, Mistress, or Overseer, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds tnh^tto re~ Current Money, to be paid to the Owner of such Negro or other Slave from whose Neck or ceive+0 Legs any Pot Hook, Ring, or Collar, shall be taken as aforesaid, due Proof thereof being made before any of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, before whom the same shall and may be recovered, or on the Party confessing the fame; and in case any Negro or other Slave shall be found guilty thereof, such Negro or other Slave shall receive Forty Lashes on his or her bare Breech, by Order of any One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace.

XXXII. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who are Person* not Whitt*,

not Whites, and are fit to go out to Trades, shall be bound Apprentice to any Person that £ boundfor'se*

will receive them, for Seven Years (unless they choose a Mailer or Mistress to be bound to) ven Years by a Juf-by the next Justice who shall be informed of such Persons, and who is immediately to cause {‘hc* lf

them to be bound, in Ten Days after such Information, to any Person or Persons willing to re- foMhemfclvea.00. . ceive them, on Penalty of forfeiting Ten Pounds upon every such Refusal.

IV. AND be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall take Detaining up any Slave or Slaves belonging to another, and shall keep the said Slave or Slaves in his or Slaves. their Custody or Plantation longer than Twenty-four Hours, without fending the said Slave Person* taking up or Slaves to the Owner they belong to (if he or they can any way know- them) or without de- fng7hemnto ^heiren<," livering the said Slave or Slaves to the Provost Marshal of this Island for the Time being, Owners, or the Pro-shall, for every Day each Slave (not being of any Trade) is kept or entertained by him or a*

them after the First Twenty-four Hours, forfeit Twelve Shillings; but if the Slave detained foH'Tralfofm^*. be of any Trade, then the Person detaining him shall forfeit Twenty-four Shillings each Day and any other Slave he shall detain such Slave; and if the Forfeiture incurred by such Detention be under Ten j*cafcforFor^ Pounds, the fame may be recovered before any Justice of the Peace, to be levied on such feitnrebe under i©l. Person’s Goods and Chattels, and in Default thereof on his or their Person or Persons; but *«> b* recovered be-Part III. 6 K if

par3* jii. St. Vincent.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &e.

Detaining Slaves.—Enticing away Slaves.—Beating Drums, 13c.

if the Forfeiture so incurred be above Ten Pounds, then the fame may be recovered by Action of Debt at Common Law, in which no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

fore any Jjustice $ if above, at Common Law.

Enticing away V. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall de-Slaves. lude, entice, or persuade any Slave or Slaves, being in quiet Possession of another, out of his

s^vwfrom the Own- or t*ie‘r Owner’s or Possessor’s Custody, by any Encouragement or Inducement whatsoever, er» or Possessors,liable shall be liable to the fame Penalty, for every Day that the said Slave or Slaves by their Means to die above Penal- or Procurement be absent from their Owner’s or Master’s Service, as in case of entertaining a es‘ Runaway longer than Twenty-four.Hours, and to be recovered after the same Manner; and

owner*orPofftfor* every Person who shall violently, or by Force or otherwise, take any Person’s Slave or Slaves fcy Force,to be deem- out of his or their Owner’s or Possessor’s Plantation or Custody, shall be deemed guilty of and i?canwd’offthe ^°bbcry, and shall be indicted and shall suffer as in cases of Robbery; and any Person or island,'Felony0with- Persons who shall entice or delude away from his or their Owner or Owners any Slave or out Benefit ©t-cier- Slaves, and shall carry or endeavour to carry such Slave or Slaves off this Island, shall be guilty of Felony, and excluded the Benefit of Clergy.

Penalty ncf to ex-teed io I. in case of Confession or Proof thereof.

detain!ngUo^npioy-

VI. And whereas Persons who illegally detain others Slaves, and employ them in their Serving another’s siavr«, vice, do it so cunningly and secretly, that Evidence by White Persons cannot be had against beTmm^ed1i.eefore, t*iem 5 Be therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon Suspicion of any illegal and examined by any detaining or employ ing, any Justice of the Peace shall, and is hereby required, upon Appli-Justiceon Oath, See.cation, to issue a Summons against the Party accused, requiring him, her, or them to attend at a certain Day, to answer the Premises; and being attended, the said Justice shall appoint a Day, not exceeding Six Days, for the Trial, of which the accused is to take Notice and attend accordingly; and the Justice is hereby impowered to issue Summonses for Witnesses to attend, directed to a Constable; and on the Trial such Justice shall and may examine him, her, or them accused, and all the Witnesses, on his, her, or their Oath (and, if Quakers,-on solemn Affirmation) concerning such illegal detaining and employing; and if confefied by the Party or Parties accused, or proved by any other Evidence, such Justice shall give Judgment for the Party injured to recover, as hereinbefore directed, any Sum under Ten Pounds as aforesaid; and the Justice giving Judgment shall make a Record of his Proceedings, and return it into the Secretary’s Office, under his Hand and Seal; and the Complainant or Party injured may foe forth Execution thereon, after the Expiration liowtobe recovered, of Site Days from giving the judgment, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Secretary of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, directed to the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, or . any Constable, and it shall be levied on the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, and those immediately to be carried to the next Town and sold by Outcry, at the Expence of the Offender or Offenders, and the Debt and Costs thereout satisfied; and in Default of Goods and Chattels sufficient of the Offender’s to oe found for the Purpose aforesaid, he or they shall be taken and imprisoned upon such Execution, till Satisfaction made of the Judgment and all Fees: And the Justice, for hearing the Trial, and making out the Record, shall and may receive Twelve Shillings, and no more; and the Secretary may receive Eighteen Pence for filing, and Three Shillings for the Execution; and the Mar(hal, his Deputy, or Constable, may receive Sit Shillings for executing the Warrant upon such Offender’s Body, if no Goods or Chattels, and if levied on Goods or Chattels, then he shall, besides the said Six Shillings, be entitled to Eighteen Pence in the Pound for levying and felling; and such Recovery before a Justice of the Peace shall be a Bar to any further Prosecution whatsoever for the fame Offence.

t^ees of (ofticr, Se> cretary, and Marshal.

Persons summoned neglecting to attend, if the Party accused, to forfeit 10I. and if a Witness, 51.

How to be recovered* Ac*

VII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the accused, after knowing the Day of Trial, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, being duly summoned as afore-Taid, for the Space of Twenty-four Hours, to attend at the Day of Trial as Witnesses, or otherwise, shall neglect to attend, the Party accused shall, for such Neglect, forfeit Ten Pounds Current Money, to be recovered before any One Justice of the Peace, and levied by his Warrant to the Provost Marshal, or a Constable, on the Offender’s Goods, and sold as last mentioned in case of Executions levied to the Use of the Party complaining; and every Witness duly summoned, being able to attend, and not attending, shall forfeit Five Pounds to the Patty grieved, to be recovered as last mentioned; and then another Day, on such Failure of the accused Party’s attehding, or the attending of any material Witness summoned, shall be granted for Trial, on the Complainant’s desiring such further Day, and on his paying such Fees and Costs down for such further Day, as the Justice and others shall be entitled to.

VIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Master, Mistress, Owner, or Renter of any Plantation in this Kland, being thereupon resident, and not being tates,erftffering°sia^e» abroad from his or her Plantation, or, where there is no such Resident on the Plantation* to beatDrams, &c. to then, if the Manager or Overseer of any such Plantation, and having the Care thereof, and forfeit zoi. being thereon resident and at home, shall suffer any Slaves to beat any Drum or empty'

Calk, or great Gourds, or to blow Horns, Shells, or loud InstrumentSj for the Diversion or 6 K 2 Entertainment

Beating , 63c.

part nr.

St. Vincmt.—Slaves j for their Regulation, See.

Beating Drums, &c.—Carrying Arms.—Going Abroad.—Of Runaway Slaves.

Entertainment of Slaves in his, her, or their Plantation, he, she, or they shall forfeit Twenty Pounds Current Money of this Island for every such Offence, unless they suppress Proviso. the fame in One Hour after it begins; provided that Information thereof be given upon Oath to One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for this Island, within One Week after the Offence is committed.

XLIII. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave shall be Carrying Arms. taken out of the Plantation to which such Slave belongs, with any Fire Arms,. Cutlasses, uken out of Swords, Lances, or Pikes, or other hurtful Arms, not having a Ticket from the Owner or MongTof with Fire Possessor of such Slave for carrying the fame, or not being under the Direction of a White a> ms. See. not hav* Person sent along with such Slave or Slaves, any Person or Persons may seize such Slave or cafriL'before ju* Slaves, with the Arms or Weapons, or the Arms and Weapons alone, and carry such Slave tice j such Arms to and Arms, or the Arms only, before a Justice of the Peace, and the Justice shall order the Perfop*

Arms to be forfeited to the Person or Persons who shall have seized the said Slave or Arms; mi"s 1 em' but if there was a Ticket duly given for carrying the said Arms, and if the said Ticket be Exception, loll;, or was taken from the Slave, or the Slave being attendant that Day on his Master to Exercise, then, upon Oath thereof made by the Owner, Master, Mistress, Renter, dr Overseer, that such Ticket was so given, the Arms shall be again restored to the Owner.

XXXIX. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Master, Owner, Going Abroad. -or Renter of Slaves, shall give any Slave or Slaves Leave, on Sundays or any other Holydays, Owner* not to allow to go out of their Plantation (except such as usually wait upon them, and no others) but with Eftare, on Sundays or a Ticket under the Mailer’s, Mistress’s, or Manager’s Hands, specifying the Time allowed Holyday* without a such Slave to beabfent; and if any Master or Owner of a Plantation finds any Negro or ^all fuchas'maUbe other Slave upon his Plantation without a Ticket, or Business from his Master or Owner, found on their Plan ta-and doth not punish him with a moderate Whipping, not exceeding Twenty Stripes, he under Pensity shall forfeit Five Pounds Current Money. °s

XL. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That any White or Free Person or Persons may apprehend any Slave or Slaves that shall be found out of his Mailer’s or Owner’s Plantation on Saturday Nights, Sundays, or Holydays, not being on their Mailer’s or Mistress’s Business, nor having such a Ticket, or not having a White Man with them (except as before) and the said Slaves may correct with moderate Whipping as aforesaid; and if such Negro or other Slave shall be armed with Clubs, Wooden Swords, and other mischievous Weapons, and found out of their Mailer’s or Owner’s Plantation (though with a Letter or Ticket) may be taken up, whipped, and disarmed as aforesaid..

Slaves without Tickets, found out of their Owners Plantations, may ba apprehended by any Free Person and punched. Sec.

And disarmed of any Clubs, &t. though with Ticket,

IX. And be it also further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master, Of Runaway Mistress, or Overseer of a Family shall, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings Current Slaves.

Money, cause all his or her Negro Houses to be searched, every Fourteen Days at the leall, Mistrefe, or

for Runaway Negroes, Clubs, Wooden Swords, and other mischievous Weapons, and also ^'re'search Negtv for stolen Goods; and what they suspect to be llolen they shall seize, and give Notice Houses every i+ Day* thereof to the Clerk or Constable of the Parish within Six Days after; who shall set up a undefPenally of short Notice in Writing of the fame on the Polls of the Church Door, whereby the Loser, declaring the Marks, or describing the Goods, may have the fame again without Colls or Charges.

XIV. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provoll Marshal of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, shall be obliged to receive all Runaways (brought to him) into his Custody, and shall pay the Bringer Twelve Shillings for taking up each Runaway, and Twelve Pence per Mile for as many Miles as each Runaway Negro is brought to the Gaol from the Place taken at; and the said Marshal or Deputy shall keep the said Slave or Slaves in safe Custody, and in a List at the Prison Door shall insert the Names of such Runaway Negroes and other Slaves in his Custody, and shall further cause an Advertisement to be inserted in the public Gazette of this Island, within Six Days next after receiving each Negro in the Common Gaol, containing the Name or Names of such Negro or Negroes in his Custody, their Age, and Mailer’s Name, if known, but if not known, an exact Description of the Person of such Negro or Negroes; which Advertisement shall be re-published Once in every Month, whilst such Negro or Negroes shall continue in Gaol; but in case there shall be no public Gazette published in this Island, then such Advertisement as aforesaid shall, by the said Marshal or his Deputy, be put up at the Door of each Parish Church in this Island, within Three Days as aforesaid, under the Penalty aforesaid; and in case the said Marshal shall refuse to pay the said Bringer, or to receive the said Slave so brought, or put up and publish his or their Names as aforesaid, he shall forfeit Five Pounds for every such Fault, to be recovered before any Justice.

Provost Marshal obliged to receive all Runaways, to pay its. for taking up of each, and i*d. for every Mile they are brought.

To advertise them in the Gazette within Six Days.

In case no Gazette published, such Advertisement to be duck up at every Church Door.

In case of Provost Marshal’s Refusal or Neglect, to forfeit 5I.

XV. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Marshal Provost Marshal fuf; 1 or

1

PART III.

St. Vincent.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Of Runaway Slaves.

or his Deputy wilfully or neglectfully suffers an Escape of the Slave by him received, or employs him in any Work, he lh.aH pay the Owner as in case of any Person’s detaining another’s Slave above Twenry-four Hours, until such Slave be delivered to the Owner; and in case any such Slave shall perish in his Custody for Want, he shall forfeit Fifty Pounds like Money; and the Marshal shall be entitled to be paid Three Shillings for taking such Slavfe into hisCultody, and Twelve Pence each Twenty-four Hours the Slave lies in Prison; as also, upon the Marshal’s Delivery of any Slave to the Owner or Possessor of the fame, he shall be paid the further Sum of Three Shillings, besides the Twelve Shillings for takingupf, and Twelve Pence per Mile which the Bringer of the said Slave has received from him; and if any Slave or Slaves lie so long as Three Months after the proper Publications as aforesaid, such Slave or Slaves is and are to be taken out and sold at Outcry for the Fees, by Order of Two Justices of the Peace, and the Overplus (if any there be after paying the aforesaid Fees, and all the above-mentioned Charges) shall be returned to the Owner, or for the Want of knowing such Owner, to the Treasurer for the Time being, to remain to the Use of the Public, till the Owner shall appear; and the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, shall be obliged upon Oath to account, and pay once every Year at least, unto the Treasurer for the Time being, all such Money that such Negro or other Slaves shall be sold for, on forfeiting, for every such Neglect, the Sum of Twenty Pounds to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the public Uses of this Island, and the Support of the Government thereof.

fering Shves to cfcnpc, to pay the 12 »ne as in Cale* ot detaining other Slaves above Twenty-four Hours.

In case they perish in his Curtody for Want, to forfeit 50I.

ProvolfMai dial-s Fees for receiving and deli-vei ing Shves into and out of his Cullo.ly.

Slaves remaining in Gaol above 1 hree Months, to be sold to pay Fees, &c.

Overplus to be returned to Owner if known; if not, to be paid into Treasury.

Provost Muflial to account on Oath, and pay unto Treasurer once a Year all such Monies, under Penalty of. 20I.

Mirflini or Deputy XVI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Marshal dr refilling to iieiivevany Deputy shall refuse to deliver any Slave received by him as a Runaway, on Tender of his F^sCue’u-Vfame! If gal Fees and Disbursements, he shall not only lose his Fees, but shall likewise pay the and pay a* iu cases of Owner or Possessor as in case of wrongfully detaining another’s Slave, for each Day detained

VMonglu Iy detaining ft Tcntjer made.

CtUU'S bl.lVCS.

Persons taking up Kunaw.ijs, and knowing their Owners, to carry them to iiich Owners fiift, under Penalty of 40s.

If Owner of any Runaway refuses to pay the Fees of taking up, to forfeit 40s. be tides the Fees.

No Retailers of strong Liquors to fell to any Slaves under Penally of 6os.

Justices or Constables to difperie all unusual Aii'emblies of Negroes; and to take up those armed, playing Dice, Diinking, &c. who are to be wliip-ped.

Any Slave (after being One Year in the Island) run away Six Months to be deemed guilty of Felony.

XVII. And be it also further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person taking up a Runaway, and knowing his or her Mailer, Owner, or Possessor, either by the Slave’s Confession or otherwise, shall, on Penalty of Forfeiture of Forty Shillings, carry such Slave so known, or cause him to be carried, to his Mailer or Owner, and not to the Gaol or the Marshal; and if any such Mailer or Owner shall refuse to pay Twelve Shillings for taking up such Slave, and Twelve Pence per Mile for the Dillance he was taken up at (being brought to him) he shall, besides the said Fees, forfeit Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Retailer or Retailers of llrong Liquors, after the Publication hereof, shall fell any Liquor or Liquors, of what Nature or Quality soever, to any Slave or Slaves, under Pain and Penalty of Three Pounds Current Money for every such Offence so committed; and all Justices of the Peace and Constables are hereby required and fully impowered to uifperfe all unusual Concourses of Negroes in or about the Towns or elsewhere, on Sundays or other Holidays, and to take up, or cause to be taken up, all Negroes who shall be found armed with Clubs or other offensive Weapons, or playing at Dice or other unlawful Sports, or drinking in the Public Houses; and such Negroes so taken up shall be whipped, by Order of the Justice, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XXXIV. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves having been or that shall be on this Island for the Space of One Year, shall hereafter withdraw, absent, or run away from his Mailer’s Service, at several Times within the Space of Two Years, amounting in all to Six Months, to be computed at 28 Days to’a Month, all and every such Slave or Slaves shall be, and are hereby adjudged and declared to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as Felons.

slave* to the Number XXXVI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slaves (be-M^manythe 'ng upon this Island for the Space of One Year, and of the Age of Sixteen Years and greateit offender to upwards) shall hereafter absent themselves or run away in any Number amounting to Tin suffer Death, &c. and UpWards, and shall continue run away and absent from their Service as aforesaid for Ten Days or more, or if any Jess Number of Negroes, whether One or more, shall run away or absent themselves from their Owners Service, and shall associate themselves with any other Negroes (making in the whole Number Ten or more) and shall remain absent Ten Days as aforesaid, then One of the said Negroes out of each Ten, such as the Justices shall think the greatest Offender, shall suffer Death as a Felon, and the other Negroes associated as aforesaid shall be publicly corrected or punished at the Discretion of the said Justices.

Any Person lading

XXXVII. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That whoever shall ap-lintVwo^iomhs^io prehend or take up a runaway Slave, who hath been absent from his Mailer’s, Millrefs’s, receive 30s. from the Owner’s, or Renter’s Service Two Months, or more, shall receive, as a Reward for appre-Treasurer. . - bending and'taking such Slave, Thirty Shillings, tQ be paid out of the Public Treasury of

‘ 3 * this

t. Vincent.'—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c. partii!.

Of Runaway Slaves.—-Various Offences*

this Island, on Proof made of such running away and taking, by the Oath of some Whitt •Person, before a Justice of the Peace; and the Justice’s Certificate to the Treasurer shall be Sufficient for such Payment, without further Order to the Treasurer.

XXXVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any Slave Slav* harbouring shall be run away from the Service of his or her Matter, Owner, or Renter, every other Slave 101,8

•who, knowing such Slave is run away from his or her Matter’s, Owner’s or Renter’s Service* p shall entertain, harbour, receive, or conceal, or anyways aid or assist* pr comfort, afford, or give any Suttenance jo any such Runaway, shall, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace, for the First Offence be publicly whipped upon the bare Breech, with any Number of Stripes not exceeding Fifty; and if it shall happen that any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted the Second Time of the fame Offence, he or they, upon such Second Conviction, shall.be adjudged to be publicly whipped upon the bare Breech, with any Number of Stripes not exceeding One Hundred; and if such Offender or Offenders Shall be thereof convicted a Third Time, he or they, upon such Third Conviction, shall be ' adjudged to have a further Number of Stripes, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty, and so in Proportion for each after Offence.

XLI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Pub- justice* impowered to lication of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace within this Island, 'fearcWorRnunaw*yf, and every Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint on Oath to and to apprehend him made, that any Negro or other Slaves are run away and have absented themselves from ffirilr1 °&c

the Service of their Owners, and at the Request of their Owners or their Attornies, and not otherwise, to issue a Warrant to such Owners or their Attornies, or to some discreet Person

or Persons to be recommended for that Purpose by such Attornies or Owners, and to be approved of by such Justice, to search for and apprehend all such runaway Slaves, as alfd all such Negro or other Slaves as the said Complainants shall have just Cause to suspect to be guilty of wilfully entertaining, harbouring, or concealing such runaway Slaves, and them to bring before such Justice, to be dealt with according to the Directions of this Act for such their Offences; and the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaints, and to give Judgment thereupon against any Slave that shall be by him adjudged guilty of any the Offences aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons so authorized by Warrant as aforesaid to enter any Negro House or Houses by Night or Day, to search for any Slave or Slaves, having first given Notice to the Matter, Owner or Overseer on the Plantation to which such House or Houses belong, and, after such Warrant obtained and Notice given as aforesaid, to break open the Door or Doors of such Negro Houses into which such Person is refused Admittance.

Persons so authorized may enter Negro Houses by Night or Day, and if refused Admittance may break open Doors.

XXXI. AND be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave shall impudently strike or oppose any White Person, any Justice, upon Complaint and Proof Anjr slave fcriking * made, shall order a Constable to cause such Slave to be publicly whipped at his Discretion; ^,1“ 1,8

and if such White Person be any way hurt, wounded, or disfigured by any Slave’s Resistance, and if such white such offending Slave shall have his Nose flit, or any Member cutoff, or punished with siaw w*

Death, at the Discretion of any Two Justices; always excepting, that the Slave do not h»e hli»gNofcVflit,0&c. the fame by his or her Owner’s or Matter’s Orders, or in Defence of his or her Owner’s or £ice tj Matter’s Person or Goods; And it shall be lawful for all Persons to take away from any- Wei_

Slave or Slaves any hurtful Clubs or other mischievous Weapons whatsoever, unless such pon* may be taken Slave or Slaves is or were intruded with such Weapons for the Defence of his or their »w»y from slave* by Owner’s Goods or Person. an> P*,son*

XXXtlt. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Any slave stealing Slaves shall be found guilty of stealing from any Person or Persons whatsoever. Six Pounds ^j^iUyof'Felony" Current Money in Specie, or any Goods or Effects to the Value of Six Pounds Current Money, such Slave or Slaves shall, and is hereby declared to be guilty of Felony.

XLII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That al) Slaves who shall be taken Fighting, shall be whipped publicly, by Order of a Justice of the Peace, at his one another to be Discretion; and if any Slave draw a Knife, either in assaulting another, or in his own publicly whipped. Defence, he shall be’ publicly whipped by like Order, at the Discretion of a Justice.

XLIV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slave* guilty of Slaves shall be guilty of any enormous Crime, whereby the Life of any White Person shall ^sTive*0ofn*wime be endangered or attempted, or any Dwelling House or Outhouses belonging to any White Person*; ferine Fite or Free Person shall be burnt or attempted to be burnt, or in case any Sugar Canes or Cocoa canw^&c. w foffor shall be wilfully let on Fire* or attempted to be burnt, that then, and in such Case, such Death!

Slave or Slaves, and all his and their Accessaries, Concealors, or Abettors (being Slaves)

Part III. 6 L shall

PART III.

St. Vincent.—Slaves; for their Protection,

5cc.

Various O.•

Any Slave informing of any such Crime intended, to receive 3I.

Accusation ground-less, Accuser to be pun iflied.

Any Slave discovering an intended Mutiny or Rebellion shall receive aol. on Conviction of Offenders.

Accusation not satis-factory, Accuser to be punished.

7*rial of,

and Proceedings there on.

Directions to Justices for Apprehension and Trial of Slaves guilty of Crimes.

Clothing.

Owners of Slaves to clothe them once a Year, under Penalty of 15s. each.

Holy days.

Three Days to be allowed by Owners to their Slaves as Holy.

—Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.— Clothing.—

shall be adjudged, and are hereby made and declared Felons, and shall suffer Death therefore; and if any other Slave shall know of any such Crime as last mentioned intended to be done, and shall discover and give ^Notice thereof to any Justice of the Peace of this island, such Negro so informing shall receive Three Pounds Current Money of this Island, out of the Public Treasury, upon producing a Certificate of the Accusation and Condemnation from any one of the Justices that fat on the Trial, which shall be sufficient without a Warrant to the Treasurer; but if, on the Trial, the Accusation be found frivolous of groundless, the Accuser shall have and receive a Punishment by Whipping, not exceeding Fifty Lashes, on the bare Breech.

XLV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Slave shall hear another Slave speaking any Words tending to Mutiny or Rebellion, or know; that he hath or intends to prepare any Guns, Powder, Balls, Swords, or warlike Instruments, other than what are allowed for watching, and discover the fame to any Justice of the Peace, the Slave giving such Information shall, upon the Conviction of the Slave or Slaves informed against, or any Justice of the Peace certifying that there was good Cause of Suspicion of an intended Mutiny or Rebellion, be paid by the Treasurer, out of the Treasury of this Island, Twenty Pounds Current Money; but if any Negro or other Slave so accusing or informing against any other Negro or other Slave, shall not make his Accusation to the Satisfaction of the Person.or Persons who shall try the Slave or Slaves so accused, then such Accuser shall have and receive a Punishment by Whipping, not exceeding Fifty Lashes.

LII. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That on Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace of any Crime committed by any Slave or Slaves, such Justice shall issue his Warrant for apprehending the Offenders, and all such Persons and Slaves to come before him who can give Evidence relative to such Crime; and if such Justice finds that the Offence charged will not affcdl the Life or Limb of such Slave or Slaves, he shall and may direct such Slave or Slaves to be publicly corrected, at his Discretion, and award Satisfaction to the Parties injured in any Sum under Six Pounds Current Money; but if thi Crime with which such Slave or Slaves is charged to have committed, be such as will affect either Life or Limb, then such Justice shall commit the accused Slave or Slaves to thi Prison, or take Security, at his Discretion, and shall appoint a Day for the Trial of such Slave or Slaves, and for the Appearance of the Witnesses who have attended by his Warrant; the Nature of which Crime, and the Day appointed for Trial, he shall, within Ten Days after such Commitment, or Security given, certify to the next Justice of the Quorum (if he be not of the Quorum himself) and require him, by virtue of this Act (and such other Justice is by such Certification hereby required) to associate himself to him; which said Two Justices, according to the Evidence which shall be given before them, shall give Sentence of Death, or for Lofsof Limb or Member, as the Law directs; and the said Justices shall issue forth their Warrant for executing their Sentence; and in all Trials of Slaves the Justice or Justices shall or may hear the Evidence of any other Slave, and give such Credit thereto as he or they shall in Conscience be convinced such Evidence deserves.

Slaves \ for their Protection, &c.

11 July, 1767.

XXI. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter, MistreT* Owner, or Renter of any Slave or Slaves within this Island, shall clothe the said Slaves once every Year, by giving to each respective Slave, being a Male, One Pair of Drawers, and a Shirt or close-bodied Frock; and to each Female a Petticoat and a Shift, or Clothing adequate thereto; upon Pain of forfeiting Fifteen Shillings for each Slave which shall not be clothed as aforesaid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to be paid to the Treasurer, for the Use of the Island.

LI. And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners,'Matters, Mif- . tresses, Managers, or Renters of Slaves within this Island, shall allow to their Slaves (except thoie necessary about their Houses) Christmas Day and the-Two Days next following, as

a* Play

St. Vincent.—Slaves; for their Protection,

PART nr.

Holydays.—Hifmembering Slaves,—Manumission,—Free Negroes.

Play Days, for their Recreation, and no more or other Days during the Twelve Christmas days at Christmas, Holydays; and if any Person, Matter, Owner, Renter, or Manager of any Plantation, do and no more, not allow their Slaves the same Days as before mentioned fox their Recreation and as Holy- £'rfe°"s o°ffsndin& lo days, or shall allow them any other or more Days in the Christmas Holydays than as afore- ' i

said, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money of this Island.

LIV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Free Person or Persons whatsoever shall geld or dismember any Slave, such Person or Persons so offending shall and may be prosecuted by Presentment, Indictment, or Information before the Justices of the Peace in their Sessions, or Justices of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery; and upon Conviction of any such Gelding or Dismembering, the Offender or Offenders shall each b'e fined any Sum not exceeding Sixty Pounds Current Money, or less than Forty Pounds like Money, and shall be imprisoned until such Fine be paid apd all Fees;. and shall further find Sureties for his or their good Behaviour for One Year; so as the Prosecution be commenced in One Year after the Offence of gfcldiftg or maiming be committed, and not after; and shall likewise pay double Damages and Costs to the Party grieved, to be recovered by Action of Trespass in any Court of Record in this Island; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

XXIV. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall hereafter manumit or set free any Slave or Slaves, except he, she, or they, or the Reprefen tatives of such Person or Persons, shall, previous to such Manumission, pay into the public Treasury of this Island One hundred Pounds Current Money, for the Use of the said Island, and the Receipt of the Treasurer for the Time being shall be tacked to the Deed of Manumission and be an Authority for the fame; and the Treasurer for the Time being is hereby authorized and directed to pay Half Yearly to any Slave so manumitted, out of the public Treasury, Four Pounds Current Money for the Maintenance of such Slave, during the natural Life of such Slave; and the Receipt of such Slave, or a Certificate from a Justice of the Peace of the Payment of such Money in his Presence (which every Justice is hereby required to give when thereto required or applied to for the Purpose) shall be a Discharge to the said Treasurer for all such Money as he shall from Time to Time pay to such Slave or Slaves; and any Manumission made in any other Manner than as aforesaid shall be void: And any Person suffering any Slave or Slaves, blind, diseased, aged, or otherwise disabled from working, to ramble or beg about the Towns or Country, such Person so offending shall be fined, upon good Proof, by any Justice of the Peace, in any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, Current Money, One Half to the Informer, and One Half to the Public; and any Person suffering any Slave having any infectious Disorder to ramble as aforesaid, shall, upon Proof as aforesaid made before any Justice of the Peace, to be fined by such Justice any Sum not exceeding Twenty nor less than Ten Pounds Current Money, One Half to the Public and One Half to the Informer.

Htfmemberitig

Slaves.

Any Person who shall gelj or dismember any Slave, to be prosecuted at Sessions, and fined any Sum not exceeding 6ol. nor less than 401. 8cc• Prosecution to be commenced in One Year after Offence committed.

To pay double Damages to Party grieved.

Manumission.

Persons manumitting Slaves to piy toof. into the Treasury.

Treasurer to pay 4I. every Half Year to such Slaves out of such Money.

Persons suffering diseased or disabled Slaves to ramble about, to be fined not more than 101, or less than 51.; and if any infectious Disorder, not more than iol. nor less than 10I.

XXVII. AND be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no pree

Free Negro or Mulatto shall be Owner or Possessor of more than Eight Acres of Land, and NoFreeNtgroor in no Cafe shall be deemed and accounted a Freeholder; and that if any Negro or Mulatto Mulatto to be own*r shall ever be possessed of more than Eight Acres of Land in his own Right, he or she is allowed Land)8*n4

Six Months to sell and dispose of the Overplus of the said Land; and if such Overplus be not not deemed Free-fold and disposed of within Six Months from the Time of his or her Possession, then the said holder‘* Overplus, above Eight Acres, shall be forfeited to his Majesty.

XXVIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Free Negroes and Free Negroes or Mu-Mulattoes, not having Land, shall be obliged, in Thirty Days after the Date hereof, to choose

some Master or Mistress to live with, who shall be owned by them, and with whom they tou«XithT* shall live and take their Abode,_ to the Intent that their Lives and Conversations may be known and observed.

XXIX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Free Person (not Any Free Person being a White) shall presume to strike a White Person, he shall, by Order of the next Justice,

on Proof of his Striking, be severely whipped, and imprisoned at the Discretion of the said prisoned. * Justice, so as such Imprisonment does not exceed Six Months.

XXX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person Any White Person shall strike, beat, or otherwise abuse any Free Negro or Mulatto, on Proof thereof made to

any Justice of the Peace, he shall be bound over to the Sessions, and be punished at the Dif- oYer*to°Sei°-pretion of the Justice then fitting; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. fions.

Miscellaneous.

PART III.

St, Vincent,—Miscellaneous.

White Servants.

4

Miscellaneous.

27th October 1767.

An ACT for compelling Owriefs and Possessors of Slaves to keep a proportionable Number of White Protestant Servants*

White Servants. WHEREAS nothing can conduce more to the speedy Settlement and Security of this your Majesty’s Island of St. Vincent, than compelling Owners and Possessors of Slaves with-Preamble. in the fame to keep proportionable Numbers of White Protestant Servants, we therefore, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief of your Majesty’s Southern Caribbee Islands in America, and the Coutlcil and Assembly of this your Ma-Clause I. jesty’s Island of St. Vincent, most humbly pray your Majesty, that it may be Enacted; And Po'ffeflbVs of Sr be *c» and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Dajr to keep a white Man. of January next, every Owner, Renter, or Possessor of Slaves within this Island shall, for WhtoTwomanfor every Thirty Slaves which he, she, or they shall own or possefs, keep and maintain, in his or every ij they possess. her actual and daily Service, One able White Man, or shall, for every Fifteen Slaves which of th^for.rerDefiult she, or they shall own or possefs, keep and maintain as aforesaid One White Woman, or in and of the’iatter^sol. Default thereof shall, for every Year after the said First Day of January, pay intd the public Treasury of this Island (except as hereinafter mentioned) Forty Pounds Current Money of this Island for each Man, or Twenty Pounds like Money for each Woman, deficient of the said Number or Proportion, and so in Proportion for less Time than a Year, so as such less Time is not less than Thirty Days, or otherwise nothing to be paid for such less Time.

Proviio in case of Death or Elopement of any Servant* *

' II. Provided always. That if any Person, having Once completed his dr her Number of Servants as directed by this Act, shall lose One or more of such Servants by Death or Elopement, he or she shall not be obliged to find any other in the Room of such Servant or Servants so dying or eloped (unless it appear that such Elopement was caused by ill Usage or Connivance of the Master or Mistress) until One Half of the Time which such Servant or Servants was or were engaged to serve shall be elapsed, according to the Indenture of such . Servant or Servants, such Indentures being produced, upon the Oath of the Master or Mistress, to the Treasurer for the Time being; and if the Indentures be loft, the Proof of the Time to be by the Oath of the Master or Mistress to the Treasurer as aforesaid.

No Soldier or Man JII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Soldier in His Ma-Arae.'orwhou left jesty’s Service, nor any Man who is not able to carry Arms in the Militia, which may by any than 15, or more than subsequent Law of this Island be formed and established (unless such Disability happen in the a» aberrant|'nor*^ Time of his Servitude) or who is less than Fifteen, or more than Sixty Years of Age, shall any Woman left be accounted, allowed, or-taken to be a Man Servant within the Meaning of this Act; nor’ ){j“ *.or more shall any Woman who is less than Thirteen, or more than Fifty Years of Age, be deemed,

4,1 J0* allowed, and taken to be a Woman Servant within this Act.

Proviso.—Owner, being a Man, to be taken for a Man Servant.

IV. Provided always, That every Owner, Renter, or Possessor of Slaves in this Island, being a Man, ‘and actually residing therein himself, shall be taken in lieu of a White Man Servant for so long Time in every Year, as he shall be resident thereon, so as such Owner, Renter, or Possessor, be not allowed as such to any other Person or Persons.

Proviso .—Owner, if a Woman, to be taken for a Woman Servant.

t

V. Provided also. That every Owner, Renter, or Possessor of Slaves in this Island, being a Woman, and actually residing thereon herself, shall be taken in lieu of a’White Woman Servant for so long Time in every Year, as she shall be resident thereon, so as she be not allowed as such to any other Person or Persons.,

Proviso.—Every married Woman cohabiting with her Hufinnd, to be taken fora Servant, as also every Son not left than 15 Year* of Age, and every Daughter not left than 13.

VI. Provided also. That every married Woman cohabiting with her Husband, and actually residing in this Island, shall be deemed, allowed, and taken as a White Womin Servant to her Husband, within the Meaning of this Act,- for so loifg Time every Year as he shall be resident thereon} and any Parent having a Son or Sons not less than Fifteen Years old, or a Daughter or Daughters not less than Thirteen Years of Age, who, being Sons, are able to do Duty in the Militia when required thereto'; and being Sons or Daughters are maintained by,

a and.

St. Vincent.—Miscellaneous.

Part III.

White Servants.

and be living with his, her, or their Parents, such Son or Sons, Daughter or Daughters shall be deemed, allowed, and taken as White Servants to such Parents within the Meaning of this Act: Provided such Son or Sons is or are nor Owner or Owners, Renter or Renters^ Prorifo. Possessor or Possessors, of Thirty or more Slaves; or such Daughter dr Daughters is or are not Owner or Owners, Renter or Renters, Possessor or PaflVflbrs, of Fifteen or more Slaves within this Island, and is or are riot deemed, allowed, or taken as White Servants, for or on account of any Number of Slaves which he, she, or they is or are possessed of under the Numbers of Thirty and Fifteen as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, That any Owner, Renter* or Possessor of Slaves within this Island, not having his or her Proportion of White Slaves as directed by this Act, and having in this Island any legitimate Child or Children, being Males, under the Age of Fifteen, and being Females, under the Age of Thirteen, living with and maintained by him or her, such Owner, Renter, or Possessor shall be allowed to give in the Name or Names of such Child or Children, to the Treasurer for the Time being, upon Oath, in Discharge of the Penalties and Taxes hereinbefore inflicted and laid, at the following Rate j (that is to say) each such Child to tell and be taken and allowed for Ten Slaves; any Thing in any wise herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proviso—Any Owner of Slaves deficient in White Servants, having legitimate Children as aforesaid, allowed to give them in to Treasurer^ in Discharge of Penalties.

Each Child to be taken for to Slaves.

VIII. Provided also, That every able White Man, being a Protestant, and a Tenant*of Proviso.—Every Pro-Five Acres of Land, and constantly living thereon, free from any Rent or Confederation to p^Ac'es of Tand°f the Owner of such Five Acres, shall be deemed, and allowed, and taken as a White Servant to be taken as a Sei-to such Owner as long as he shall live thereon, except such Tenants shall be in any public Office in this Island, which by any Law will or may exempt him from appearing constantly fora Woman Ser- * in the Militia; as shall also the Wife of such Free Tenant, if he has any, be taken, deemed, vant> and their Sons and allowed as a White Woman Servant to such Owner; as also the Sons and Daughters of ^Ageffo^crafd^to such Free Tenant, being Sons above the Age of Fifteen Years, and Daughters above the Age reckon, of Thirteen Years, be allowed, deemed, and taken as White Men and Women Servants to such Owner, as long as such Wife, or Sons or Daughters, shall respectively live thereon; except such Free Tenant’s Wife, Sons, or Daughters, be allowed as Servants to any other Person or Persons, or have Slaves of their own.

IX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Any Person possessed •Persons shall be possessed of any broken Number of Slaves, more than the said Numbers of suvrs" to'"a" ^Thirty, Fifteen, and Ten, for which he, she, or they may have his, her, or their Propor- «V. °for each‘super-tion of Servants or Children, such Person or Persons so poflefting such broken Numbers, numerary every Year. shall pay into the public Treasury of this Island, for each supernumerary Slave, Six Shillings at

the Expiration of every Year, the First Year to commence on the First Day of January as aforesaid; and if any Person shall have Slaves or White Servants in more Divisions than Oney they shall be accounted for in the Division where the Owner or Renter shall dwell or reside.

X. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer for the Time Treasurer to cause being shall, at least One Month before the Expiration of every Year from the said First Day J-u^o*"d*eJr“rbe of January, cause all and every the Inhabitants of this Island to besummoned by the Con- VMr.w'gi'ran Ac-stablesof the.several Parishes, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the dumber ^the?/1* Pface in each respective Parish, to appear on a certain Day, and at some Place within the £ia«$ and White Parish to be specilied in the said Warrant, before such Justicif, to give a true and just Ac- Semnt*. count upon Oath of the Number of Slaves they own or possess, and the Number of White

Servants then actually in their Service, or Tenants dwelling on their Land Rent-free; which Oath shall be administered in the following Words; viz.—“ You A. B, do swear. That you Form of Oath, •will give a just and true Account, to the best of your Knowledge, of the Number of Slaves you are poifdTed of in this Island, in your own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons whomsoever; and alto of the Number of White Servants at this Time in your Service, and how long they have been so, and what White Men now living on any and what Quantity of your Land, and for how long Time past, freed and discharged of and from all Rent, Recompence, or Consideration for such Land, with- the Christian and Surnames of all such White Servants and Free Tenants, and what their. reputed Ages, and whether they are Protestants, without Equivocation or Deceit; and shall truly answer all such other Questions as by me shall bealked of you, concerning the Qualification of such Servants or Free Tenants, and the Manner and Terms of employing and keeping Servants or Free Tenants by you—So help you God.” And the said justices of the Peace to whom such Justice taking such Accounts shall be given, shall make respectively Returns thereof into the Treasurer’s Office, in Ten Days after the fame betaken; and if any Justice of the Peace, upon Application Ten Day*, made to him by the Treasurer for that Purpose, shall refuse or neglect, within'Three Days refuifnff

after such Application (except prevented therefrom by Sickness) to issue his said Warrant, to issue Warrants. Part III. 6M and

PART III.

St. Vi?Ke?it.—Miscellaneous.

Vbite Servants.

and to perform the further Duty required of him by this Act, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money, to be recovered in any Court of Record in this Island, with double Cods, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of the Treasurer for the'Time being.

22 Od. 1776,

An AC T to alter and amend an Act for compelling Owners of Slaves to keep a proportionable Number of White Protestant Servants.

Preamble.

Clause I. First Clause of former Act altered and amended.

WHEREAS, by an Act, intituled, “ An Act for compelling Owners and Possessors of “ Slaves to keep proportionable Numbers of White Protestant Servants,” it is among other Things Enacted, That from and after the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-eight, every Owner, Renter, or Possessor of Slaves within this Istand should, for every Thirty Slaves which he, she, or they should owrt or possess, keep and maintain, in his or her actual and daily Service, One able White Man, or should, for every Fifteen Slaves which lie, Ihe, or they should own or possess, keep and maintain, as aforesaid. One White Woman, or in Default thereof should, for every Year after the First Day of January, pay into the public Treasury (except as thereinafter mentioned) Forty Pounds Current Money of this Island for each Man, or Twenty Pounds like Money for each Woman, deficient of the said Number or Proportion, and so in Proportion for a less Time than a Year, so as such less Time should exceed Thirty Days, or otherwise nothing to be paid for such less Time: And whereas many Inconveniencies have arilen to the Owners and Possessors of large Estates in this Island, with proportionable Numbers of Slaves thereon for the Culture and Improvement thereof, by being obliged to keep a greater Number of White Servants, in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act, than they have Occasion for, or can be of any real Use or Benefit to them: For Remedy whereof, we your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commander in Chief of this your Majesty’s Island of St. Vincent, and the Council and Assembly of the fame, have Enacted and Ordained; And be it, and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That as much of the said recited Act as requires every Owner, Renter, or Possessor in this Island, for every Thirty Slaves which he, flie, or they shall own or possess, to keep and maintain, in his, her, or their actual and daily Service, One able White Man, or for every Fifteen Slaves which he, she, or they shall own or possess, to keep and maintain One White Woman, be altered and amended:—And, instead thereof.

Owners, &c. of Slaves to keep a White Man for every 50, or a White Woman for every *5 they possess.

II. Be it hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, every Owner, Renter, or Possessor of Slaves within this Iflandj shall, for every Fifty Slaves which he, she, or they shall own or possess, keep in his, her, or their actual and daily Service One White Man; or shall, for every Twenty-five Slaves -which he, she, or they shall own or possess, keep and maintain as aforesaid One White Woman, or, in Default thereof, shall for every Year pay into the public Treasury of this Island (except as in the said recited Act mentioned) Forty Pounds Current Money of this Island for each Man, or Twenty Pounds like Money for each Woman, deficient of the said Proportion, and so in Proportion for less Time than a Year, so as such less Time exceed Thirty Days. - w

BERMUDA.

PART in-

BERMUDA.

The Law upon the Subject of Negroes in these 1 Hands, is taken from Acts passed in the

following Years:

Ann. 1690.

1698.

1723.

Two in 1730.

Which are to be found in Two printed Volumes of the Laws of these I Hands, One bearing

Date 1719 s the other 1737.

Slaves considered as Property*

of Slaves executed

Anno 1698* Vol. I. pa.

t

An ADDITION to the Act for the trying of Negroes in Criminal Caules.

I, WHEREAS no ProviGon by the said Act is made in any Respect of the particular Lofir - W which may be sustained by the Owner or Owners of any Slave or Slaves which shall be executed by the Tenor of the said Act, and thereby the Offence of Criminals may be favoured and connived at, and not brought to due and condign Punishment j Be it therefore Enacted and Ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and hereby it is Enacted and Ordained by the Authority of the same, That when and as often as any of the aforementioned Crimes shall be committed by any Negro or other Slave, for which they shall suffer Death, that then and in every such Case the" Value of every such Negro or Slave shall be made and taxed by the Jury who shall try the fame Negro or Slave; and in case they shall find him or them guilty, that then they return the fame Value with their Verdict,not having any Respect to the Slave’s Conviction; and also that the said Slave or Slaves Value as aforesaid shall be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof, by the Collector or Treasurer of these Islands for the Time being, out of the public Money, and such Payment to be made within the Space of Six Months after the Execution and Death of the said Negro, or other Slave or Slaves as aforesaid.

Also be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this aforesaid Act shall be publicly read Four Times in a Year, or once in Three Months, in every Tribe or Parish in these Islands; and that in Defect of every such Publication, the Justice of such Tribe or Parish shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds Current Money, the One Moiety to our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer*

Ahno 1730. Vol. II. pa. 94.

X. BE IT FURTHER ENACTED, That when and as often as the said Justices and Freeholders shall hear, determine, try, and condemn any Negro, &c. (by them found guilty) to Death, die said Justices and Freeholders shall and may put a Value upon such Negro or other Slave (not having any Respect to the Slave’s Conviction) which Value so by them set shall be paid to the

Part III. 6 N Master

part hi.

Bermuda.'—Slaves considered as Property;

Value of Slaves executed.—Slaves esteemed as Goods and Chattels.

Master or Owner, out of the public Money of these Islands, where the fame can be best spared, within Six Months after the Execution of such Negro or other Slave.

Slaves esteemed as Goods and Chattels.

Anno 1730. Vol. II. pa. 98.

An ACT for the Security of the Subject, to prevent the Forfeiture of Life and Estate upon killing a Negro or other Slave.

WHEREAS Negroes, Indians, Mulattoes, and other Slaves, are very numerous within these Islands, and that the wilful killing of any such Slave as aforesaid (by the strict Laws of England) comes within the Penalty of Murder* the Judgment whereof is Forfeiture of Life and Estate: And whereas the Privileges of England are so universally extensive as not to admit of the least Thing called Slavery, occasioned the making such Laws for the Preservation of every individual Subject, in his or their Lives* Estates, and indisputable Rights and Properties; but here, in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, the cases and Circifhnstances of Things are wonderfully altered j for the very Kindred, nay sometimes even the Parents of these unfortunate Creatures (upon the Coast of Africa) expose their own Issue to perpetual Bondage and Slavery, by felling them unto your Majesty’s Subjects trading there, and from thence are brought to these and other your Majesty’s Settlements in America, and consequently purchased by die Inhabitants thereof, they being (for Brutishness of their Nature) no otheroife valued or esteemed amongst us than as our Goods and Chattels, or other Personal Estates: Therefore our prudent Neighbours in America, as Barbadoes, &c. have thought fit (in case of killing any such Negro or Slave) to make Laws to prevent the Penalty and Forfeitures aforesaid: We, therefore, your most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of these your Majesty’s Bermuda or Summer Islands in America, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be Enacted, and be it Enacted by your Majesty’s Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly, and hereby it is Enacted and Ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof that if any Person or Persons whatsoever within these Islands, being Owner or Possessor of any Negroes, Indians, Mulattots, or other Slaves, shall, in the deserved Correction or Punishment of his, her, or their Slave or Slaves, for Crimes or Offences by them committed, or supposed to Owner* of slave* be committed, accidentally happen to kill any such Slave or Slaves, that then the aforesaid happen t« kill them in Owner or Possessor shall not be liable to any Imprisonment, Arraignment, or Prosecution, nor not be imprisoned for Indictment, subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever.

it.

white Person* kill. II. And it is hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person dr thfm^are exerted* Persons> or other Subject or Subjects, Inhabitants of these Islands, or others, shall at any Time from Prof^tion. or Times hereafter find, perceive^ or discover, any Negroes, Indians, Mulattoes, or other Slave or Slaves, committing any Felony or Burglary whatsoever in the Night Time, and shall endeavour to refill, or make his Escape, that then and in every such Case, if any such Slave or Slaves (in the Pursuit or Apprehension) happen to be (lain, that then the Person or Persons so purfiling or assisting in apprehending the Felon, or Offender or Offenders, shall be acquitted and ex-* empted from the Prosecution and Penalties aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever as aforesaid shall maliciously and wilfully kill or destroy, or any Manner of Ways cause or procure to be killed or destroyed, any Slave or Slaves whatsoever, whereof he, she, or they, or any of them, are Owners, that then and in every such Case the aforesaid Person and Persons, and each and every of them, shall forfeit and pay unto our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, the full Sum of Ten Pounds Current Money, to be employed for and towards the Support of the Government of these Islands, and the contingent Charges thereof.

Penalty on Persons killing Slaves t at are not their ow...

IV. But if it shall (happen that any Slave or Slaves be wilfully killed as aforesaid, by any Person or Persons whatsoever that is not Owner thereof, that then the aforesaid Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall forfeit and pay the full Sum of Ten Pounds Current Money, to be employed to the Uses above mentioned, and also to pay the Owner or Owners of all and every such Slave or Slaves , such Sum and Sums of Money as the aforesaid Slave or Slaves so killed shall be valued at, as if then alive, according to the Judgment, upon Oath, of any Five able and sufficient Freeholders, or any Three of them, appointed by Warrant of the Justice of the Peace of the Tribe or Parish where such Offence shall be committed, together with the Charges occasioned; all which the aforementioned Sum or Sums of Money shall be recovered, by Way of Action, in any Court of Record within these Islands, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

6 N. 2

Anno

Bermuda.*— Slaves; for their Regulation, 8cc; part in.

Enticing avsay Slaves.—Trading.

Anno 1723. Vol. II. p. 87.

An ACT for the better Security of all such as are lawfully possessed of any Negroes, or other Slaves, in these Islands, whereby to secure their lawful Rightsi Interest, and Property, of and to the fame.

THAT WHEREAS several Persons, Inhabitants and others, within few Years last past, have Enticing away forced and carried away, and also floft and enticed several Negroes and other Slaves, from their Owners and Possessors, without any legal Warrant for the fame: For Prevention of such evil Practices for the future, we your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of these your Majesty’s Bermuda or Summer Islands in America, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be Enacted by your Majesty’s Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly, and hereby it is Enacted and Ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after persons enticing _ Publication hereof, if any Person or Persons whatsoever within these Islands shall tempt, entice, *“,’slave^ihafl persuade, flock, or clandestinely entertain any Negro or other Slave to leave or absent themselves forfeit l/to'bt from the Service of their Master, Mistress, or those by whom they are employed, out of an Intent ,*|ed by Distref*, or Design to secrete or conceal them, or any of them, from their respective right Owner or &c’

Owners, or lawful Employers, or employ them in their own Service, or clandestinely carry or convey them out of these Islands, or in any Manner to defraud the said Owner or Owners, or Employers of them or any of them, being thereof duly convicted by their own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, made before the Governor or Chief Justice of these Islands for the Time being, or any Two Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas,

&c. shall be adjudged to pay, for every such Offence, to the Party grieved, who was possessed of every such Negro or other Slave, the Sum of Twenty Pounds Current Money, to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of every such Offender j and in case the Party so offending shall not be found worth Lands, Goods, or Chattels, to the Value aforesaid, then the Judge or Judges aforesaid shall and may, by virtue of this Act, adjudge him or them so* offending to be Servant or Servants unto the Person or Persons grieved for the Space of Five Years, or so long as until he, she, or they shall make Satisfaction to the Party so wronged or grieved; and thereupon deliver him, her, or them over by Warrant to the said Party so injured, and make a Record of the fame.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Inhabi- An inhabitant of tants or others, shall so tempt, flock, or clandestinely practise upon any Negro or Slave, and him, her, ox them, so tempted, convey away or send out of these Islands, and such Person or Persons shall forfeit double r> so offending be afterwards apprehended and convicted before the Governor, or such Judge or of

Judges as aforesaid, shall be condemned by the said Judge or Judges to pay the Owner of such ave’ c*

Negro or other Slave Two Times the Value of him so sent away as aforesaid, and Execution for the lame (from the said Judge or Judges) to issue accordingly; and if the Person so offending has not sufficient Estate as aforesaid, then he, she, or they shall be ordered by the said Judge or Judges to serve the Party grieved or injured as aforementioned, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Slaves; for their Regulation,

Anno 1690-91. Vol. I. pa.

An ACT to prevent Buying, Selling, or Bartering with Negroes, and other Slaves.

BE IT ENACTED by the Governor, Council, and Assembly; and it is hereby Enacted by ‘Trading. Authority of the same, That no Negro, or other Slave or Slaves whatsoever, in these Islands,shall or may, fromor after the Publication hereof, buy, fell, or barter any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, on his or their proper Account; and if any Free Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any Time hereafter deal or traffic with any Negro or other Slave or Slaves whatsoever, and be thereof convicted by his* her, or their own Confession, or by Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace on Oath, that then such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay for every Shilling’s Value of the Goods or Commodities

PART III.

Bermuda.—Slaves j for their Regulation, &c.

f rating. - SL V.'S absenting.

so bought, fold, or bartered, the Sum of Ten Shillings Current Money, and so in proportion for a greater or smaller Value; the said Forfeiture or Penalty to be to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for the public Use of these Islands, towards Support of the Government and its contingent Charges; and m case of Refusal of Payment, the Constable or Constables of such Tribe or Parish wherein such Free Person or Persons shall dwell or reside, shall and may, by Warrant of the Justice of the fame Tribe or Parish, under his Hand and Seal, levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus; and for Want, of such Distress to be taken, the fame Free Petfon or Persons offending to be severely whipt in Public by the Constable, at the Discretion of the aforesaid Justice.

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Master or Owner of any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, shall at any Time hereafter give him, her, or them any Liberty or Allowance to plant, fow, or set any Tobacco, Corn, Potatoes, or other Provisions, for the proper Ufc, Benefit, or Profit of the said Negroes or Slaves, under the Penalty of One hundred Pound Weight of Tobacco merchantable of the Growth of these Blands; and in case of Refusal of Payment, either that Quantity of Tobacco, or else the Value Current thereof, to be levied by Distress and Sale as aforesaid, the fame to be to our Sovereign Lord and Lady the King and Queen, for the public Use as aforesaid.

nor fufifer them Co iaik any block, &c.

Adventures brought °n Board a Vessel by Negroes may be seized*

Penalty on ConflaWe nrgltrcting to search Ntgtoes Cabins twice a Wtek-

Slaves absenting.

Negro absenting himiclt without leave of his Mailer, to be whipt*

Anno 1730. Vol. II. pa. 94.

II. NEITHER shall allow any of them Liberty to raise any Sort of Stock, Poultry, or Provisions, or other Things, or make any Sort of Cloth, to his or their own Use and Uses, or upon Parts; and if any Person shall presume so to do, the Owner or Possessors of any such Slave suffered to offend as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five Shillings Current Money, One Half to the Churchwardens for the Use of the Tribe or Parish where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Half to the Informer, or him that will foe for the fame; and the Negro or other Slave to be whipt at the Justice’s Discretion.

III. And whereas it is a common Practice amongst Negroes and other Slaves in these Islands to fend or carry abroad to other Parts beyond Sea Adventures of Brass, Pewter, Platt, Bongraces* Caps, &c. which cannot be procured by the said Slaves without dealing; to prevent which for the future, it is hereby further Enacted, That if any Adventures of any Kind whatsoever be made as aforesaid, and fhipt and carried on Board any Vessel by any Slave whatsoever belonging to these Islands, it is hereby declared lawful for any Master or Owner of any Vessel belonging or failing from hence, and having such Adventures on Board their said Vessel, to take and seize the fame to their own Use.

IV. And it is further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Constable or Constables of each respective Tribe or Parish, do cause a sufficient Watch to walk throughout each Tribe or Parish in the Night, at least twice in every Week, and inspect all Negroes Cabbins, and other suspicious Places, examining-at that Time what Slaves are abroad, under the Penalty of 2S. 8 d. for every Neglect, to be recovered, and be. to the Use aforesaid, which Account of the Slaves being abroad shall be given to the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves the next Day, or as soon as conveniently may be, by the Constable or Master of the Watch, in order to punish them so being absent, without Liberty given them by their Master or Owners, under the Penalty of 2 s. 8 d. for every Default in either of them.

V. And if any Slave be found absent upon such Inspection, without Leave as aforesaid, they shall for every such Offence be sufficiently whipt by the Master or Owner thereof, in View of the Master of the Watch or Constable; and in case such Owner or Possessor of such Slave or Slaves as aforesaid shall refuse forthwith to punish such offending Slave or Slaves, or cause the fame to be punished, in Manner aforesaid, that then such Master of the Watch, or Constable, shall make Complaint to the Justice of the said Tribe or Parish of the fame, who is hereby impowered and directed to order the said Punishment to be in Sifted upon such offending Slave or Slaves by the Constable of the said Tribe or Parish, the Master, Owner, or Possessor of the said Slave or Slaves satisfying and paying the Constable, as the Justices shall think reasonable.

9

Anno

Bermuda.—Slaves;

for their Regulation, &c.

PART III.

Slaves bow to be clothed.—Trial of , and Proceedings thereon.

Anno 1730. Vol. II. pa. 94*

An ACT for the further and better regulating Negroes and other Slaves, and for the more effectual and speedy Way of prosecuting them in Criminal causes.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding several good and wholesome Laws for regulating Negroes and Slaves how to Id other Slaves have been Enacted, yet frequent Complaints arc made by the Inhabitants of these clothed.

I (lands of their Insolency and daily Theft, by breaking Houses, and thence dealing Money,

Plate, and other Things, which we conceive is chiefly occasioned by the great Liberty given tp many of them by their Masters and Owners to buy for themselves, and wear, fine Cloaths, or other Ornaments, which Cannot be procured by the said Slaves without dealing, whereby to purchase the fame; for Prevention of which Evil for the future, we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of these your Majesty’s Bermuda or Summer Islands in America, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be Enabled, and be it Enacted by your Majesty’s Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly, and hereby it is Enacted and Ordained by Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof all Maders, or other Owners or Maftm to clothe Possessors of any Slave or Slaves in these Islands, shall find for them sufficient Food and Cloath- *l,£r slaves, but not big;'and that no Master, or other Owner or Possessor of any Slave or Slaves in these Islands, (his siik^cT, Excellency the Governor for the Time being only excepted) do or shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, give Liberty, or suffer any of them to wear any Silk, Lace, Ribbons, Rings, Bracelets,

Buckles, nor any Sticks, Whips, or Clubs (except them that are decrepit or lame, who are allowed a Stick, &C. for their Support) nor other Ornaments.

Anno 1690, 1691. Vol. I. pa. 12.

An ACT for trying Negroes and Slaves.

BE IT ENACTED by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and hereby it is Enacted by the Trial,

Authority of the same, That if any Negroes, Mulattoes, Indians, Mudees, Quarteroons, or other and Proceedings Slaves whatsoever, shall at any Time or Times hereafter beaccufed to have committed any Mur- thereon. der. Burglary, Felony, or other Capital Crime* that then such Slave or Slaves shall be apprehended and brought before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized to take his or their Examination, with the Evidence, and the several Circumstances relating to the Fadt; and if the Justices shall, in his or their Discretion, think the Matter bailable, that then he or they shall and may admit the Accused to Bail.

Be it also further Enacted, That the Offender or Offenders shall be prosecuted by Bill of In-didtment, and be brought on their Trial, and tried by a Judge and Jury, unless the Governor and Council for the Time being shall think fit to try such Offender or Offenders by a more speedy* and proper Way, and that in cases of this Nature and Kind, Be it Enacted, That the Oath of-One White Person of Discretion shall be sufficient Proof to convict any such Offender,’ and in case no such White Person can swear to the Fadt positively against him or them, yet with good Circumstances relating to the Fadt, given upon Oath by One dr more White Person or Periods, and the Tedimony of One Black agreeing therewith, shall be sufficient Proof to convict such Offender or Offenders; but if any lesser Fad shall thereafter be committed by any Negro, or other Slave, as aforesaid, which may amount to the Punishment of Stocking, Whipping, or Imprison-men r, that then and in such Case it shall be sufficient for any other Black to give Tedimony against such Offender, and such Tedimony shall.be held lawful and sufficient Proof to convict such Offenders, who shall be punished in such Manner as One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace shall in his or their Discretion think fit.

And further be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves as aforesaid shall be apprehended and imprisoned for any Crime, which may not be bailable, that a Court be with all convenient Speed called and held to try such Offender,

Anno 1730, Vol. II. pa. 94.

VII- AND WHEREAS many heinous and grievous Crimes, as of that secret and barbarous Way of murdering by Poison, and other Murders, Burglaries, robbing on the Highways, Thefts, Rapes, Burning of Houses, &c. may be many Times committed by IP art 111. 6 O Negroes

1

part in.

Bermuda.—Slaves; fc?r their Regulation, &c.

Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.

Negroes and other Slaves, and many Times maliciously attempted by them to be committed, in which, though by divers Accidents have been prevented, yet are their Crimes nevertheless heinous, and therefore deserve the like Punishment; and also do many Times steal, wilfully kill, maim, or destroy Horses, Mares, Geldings, Cattle, Sheep, or other Thing of the like Nature, &c. and of the Value of Twelve Pence Sterling or above; and many Times, by attempting to steal from the Inhabitants of these 1 Hands Stock and other Goods before mentioned, of above or under the Value aforesaid,- do put such Inhabitants, or some of their Families, in Terror, Dread, and Jeopardy of their Lives; which said Offenders, for Danger or Fear of Escape, are not long to be in Prison, and (being British Slaves) deserve not, for the Baseness of their Condition, to be tried by the legal Trial of Twelve Men (which neither truly can be rightly done is the Subjects of England are) nor is Execution to be delayed towards them in case of such horrid Crimes committed; It is therefore Enabled and Ordained by the How Negroes thall be Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any such Crime as aforesaid shall be committed, rfMurder*S«U'lt? or attemPte<^ to committed, by any Negro Slave or Slaves, and the said Criminals appre-111 er> C’ hended and brought before any of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace within these I (lands, the Justice before whom such Criminals are brought shall take Security for their forth-coming, or fend them to Prison, and with all convenient Speed shall join with him Two nearest J uftices, whereof One shall be of the Quorum; and these Justices shall by their Warrant or Precept call to their Assistance Four able and good Freeholders, to be nominated and chosen at the Dii'cre-tion of the said Justices; and these Seven Persons, to wit, the Three Justices and Four Freeholders as aforesaid, shall hear and examine all Evidences, Proofs, and Testimonies, or by plain Circumstances, such as the said Justices and Freeholders, or the Majority of them, shall or may think sufficient and reasonable Proof to convict such Negro or other Slave, in order to punish them either with Death or otherwise, according to the Nature of their Crime, and as the said Justices and Freeholders shall think fit (the said Freeholders being first (worn before the Three Justices) who are hereby empowered to administer the same, and forthwith, by their Warrant, cause Execution tt\be done upon such Negro or Negro Slaves, by some Negro, to be pressed for that Purpose by some Constable, to be appointed by Warrant from the said Justices.

Any Freeholder neg- VIII. And it is further Enacted, That if any of the Freeholders aforesaid shall make Default m^ummon^ftaR011 to appear upon such Summons before the Justices, as is before mentioned, or appearing refuse forfeit Five Pound*, tojoin in fitting with them, as is above appointed, and do shew no sufficient CaGfe for such Default, to be approved of by the said Justices, then the aforesaid Justices shall, and are hereby obliged to impose a Fine of Five Pounds on such Refuser, which Fine or Forfeiture shall be % immediately levied by the said Justice’s Warrant, directed to the next or nearest Constable, or what Constable they shall think fit, to levy the same as aforesaid (upon Refusal of Payment) on their Goods and Chattels; to be One Half towards defraying the public Charges of these I (lands, and the other Half to him or them that will sue for the same, to be recovered as aforesaid.

justice delaying to IX. Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice or Justices of the holdew, fcc!r hrfeit Peace whatsoever shall refuse, delay, or neglect meeting together in Form as aforesaid, or shall

Five Pounds, delay convening together Four Freeholders as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices so neglecting his oj their Duty shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds Current Money, to be recovered and^to be to the Use aforesaid.

Ir^Tuftfee* and XI. a^°> t^at for each and every Day the said Justices and Freeholders shall have Cog-' Fr*eholder»for*hear- nizance, hearing,. or determining of any Criminal Matters whatsoever, pursuant to the said Act, ingTrial*. that they be allowed out of the Public Treasury of these Islands the Sum of Forty Shillings for

their Entertainment.

And the Charges of XIII. And that all Charges whatsoever, accruing by any Manner of Trials or Hearings pur-paid out of the^pub- ^uant 10 this Act, be taxed by the said Justices and Freeholders, and that the fame be paid out of lie Treasury. the public Treasury of these Islands, or by the Owner or Possessor of such Slave or Slaves, as the said Justices and Freeholders in their Discretion shall think fit to order.

XIV. And lastly, to the Intent this Act, and every Clause and Branch thereof, may receive full Execution, and no Person plead Ignorance therein, it is Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act be read and published in these Islands, in the Parish Churches,

How often this A a on the Lord’s Day, where the Sermon or other Divine Service shall happen, the First Sunday in Parish Church?* October and the First Sunday in April, in every Year ensuing; and"that this Act shall be and remain in full Force for and during the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the next Sdlionaof Assembly.)

BAHAMA.

Part III.

BAHAMA ISLANDS.

The Law of these islands, with fefpedc to Slaves, is contained in the following

Acts, passed

7 Ju,y *784*

25 Feb. 1788.

Slaves considered as Property*

Value of Slaves killed in Service.—Selling Spirituous,

7 July>

XXVII. AND be it further Enacted, That if any Negro or other Slave, at any Time of Value of Invasion or Appearance of an Enemy, shall happen to be killed in the Service Slaves of the Country, the Owner of such Negro or other Slave shall be paid out of the public Trea- led in -

lury the full Value of such Slave, to be ascertained by any Two Justices of the Peace. vice.

Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

7 July, 1784.

VII. AND be it further Enabled, That no Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian shall, SellingSpi-on any Pretence, fell, bargain, or carry about for Sale or Barter any Spirituous Liquors, Dry rituous Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of any Kind whatsoever 5 and it shall and may be lawful

for any White Person to take and seize all such Spirituous Liquors, Dry Goods, Wares, and ^Merchandize that shall be found exposed to Sale or Barter, in the Possession of any Negro,

Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, and they shall be lodged in the Hands of the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, who shall forthwith sell the same at public Vendue, and pay One Half the "Proceeds to the Person who seized such Spirituous Liquors, Dry Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and the other Half shall be paid to the Churchwarden of Christ Church Parish for the Use of the Poor.

VIII. And any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian so offending shall receive Twenty Lashes on the bare Back, by the Order of any Magistrate.

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian shall engross or forestal any Kind of Butcher’s Meat, Fish, Plantains, Eggs,

Fruit, Vegetables, or other Plantation Provisions, to carry about for Sale at Second-hand, he shall forfeit all such Articles', which shall be fold or disposed of as aforesaid, and also shall receive Twenty Lashes on the bare Back, by Order of any Magistrate.

XI. And, in regard to Slaves that have been suffered to make Plantations in the remote "Planting. Parts of these Islands, on Lands not the Property of their Owners, It is hereby Enacted,

Part III. 6 P That

PART III.

Planting.

Selling Spirituous Liquors.

Carrying Arms and assembling.

Bahama IJlattds.—Slaves; for their Regulation,

-Selling Spirituous Liquors.—Carrying Arms and assembling.

That within One Month after Notice shall have been given them to remove their Houses, and gather in their Crops, and break up their Plantations, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable or Constables, by an Order from a Magillrare, to take with him or them such Assistance as may be necessary, then to repair to the Plantations above described, to burn their Houses or Huts, to destroy their Crops, and all Improvements made thereon, contrary to this Act, unless there should be found any Thing valuable that will bear the Expence of Removal, which, in such Case, they shall cause to be brought to the Town of Nafiau, and there publicly fold towards defraying the Expence of this Service; and for every Day the Constable and others shall be employed in such Service, they shall receive out of the public Treasury Twelve Shillings per Day, allowing a reasonable Time in performing the Duty above-mentioned,

XXV. And be it further Enacted, That no Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, shall . vend or retail any Spirituous Liquors whatsoever; and if any Slave shall, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and without the Knowledge of his or her Owner or Employer, fell or vend any Spirituous Liquors, such Slave for every such Offence shall be publicly whipped, by Order of any Magistrate before whom Proof thereof shall be made; but if it shall appear to have been done with the Knowledge of his or her Owner or Employer, then and in that Cafe the said Owner or Employer shall pay a Fine of Twenty Pounds, One Half whereof shall be to the Informer who shall sue for the same; and if any free Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian shall fell any such Spirituous Liquors, he or Ihc shall pay the like Fine of Twenty Pounds, One Half whereof shall be to the Informer who shall sue for the same, and for Want of Distress, such free Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian shall forfeit his or her Freedom to the Public, and the Informer shall be paid the Sum of Ten Pounds out of the Treasury.

V. AND be it further hereby Enacted, That no Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian Slave shall carry dangerous Weapons, or assemble together in any noisy, riotous, or tumultuous Manner; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to disarm and take up any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian Slave so offending, and carry him or her before the next Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered and directed to cause him or her to be whipped, as he shall think proper, for every such Offence.

VI. And it is further Enacted, That no Person or Persons whatever shall permit or suffer any such noisy, riotous, and tumultuous Assemblies at or near their Houses or Cabins, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for every such Offence, to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace, to whom Complaint shall be made thereof, by One or more Evidences, the One Half to the Use of the Parish, and the other Half to the Informer, which Fine shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, and if no such Goods are to be found, then such Person or Persons shall be committed to the Common Goal, there to remain Ten Days.

XII. AND be it further Enacted, That if any Slave be found strolling about, or rambling Out of, the Limits of his Matter's or Owner’s Lands, or carrying a Firelock, Cutlass, Sword, Bayonet, or Macheet, without a Ticket from his Mailer or Employer, unless attending some White Person of honest Repute, or within the Limits of his Mailer’s or Owner’s Lands,

,which Ticket shall specify the Name of the Slave, the Day of the Month and Week it was intended for, and the Hour of the Day, and shall not exceed Twelve Hours; and any Mailer or Owner offending contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Three Pounds, to be recovered before any Magistrate; any Negro taken with Arms, contrary to the Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit such Arms so taken upon him, and on Conviction before any Magistrate shall be whipped at Discretion, not exceeding One hundred Lashes; and if any Negro shall refuse to deliver such Arms, or to produce his Ticket to any White Person, on Demand thereof, and shall refill such White Person in disarming him or them, it shall and may be lawful for any White Person. to kill any such Offender, any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. AND be it hereby further Enacted, That if any Slave shall be killed by any Person or Persons in the Execution of this Act, or under the Authority of the same, the Person or Persons by whom such Slave may be killed shall, as speedily as may be, give Information thereof to some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required to receive such Information, on the Oath of the Person who might have so killed any Slave as aforesaid, and also the Evidence or Information of any credible Person respecting the fame; and if any Person so killing any Slave shall neglect forthwith to give the Information hereby required, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Sixty Pounds lawful Money of these Islands.

6Pa XXIV. AND

Bahama Islands.—Slaves; for their Regulation, Sec, *AftT irt

Carrying Arms and assembling.—Of Runaway Slaves.

XXIV. AND be it also Enacted, That from and after the Publication hereof, every Slave who shall be found out of his or her Owner's House or Cabin, where such Slave is known and allowed to reside, at any Time between the Hour of Nine in the Evening and Day-break, without a Ticket from his or her Owner or Employer, shall be taken up by any Constable who shall be informed thereof, or discover any Slave so offending, and conveyed to Gaol, in order to be punished the next Day at the public whipping Port:, at the Discretion of any Magistrate before whom such Slave shall be convicted.

IX. AND whereas it is notorious that runaway Negroes have been often harboured, era- Of Ruri-

ployed, and provided for in feme Instances for a great Length of Time, by Slaves inhabiting away and planting on the South Side and other remote Parts of this Island* to the great Detriment

of their Masters or Owners, and to the Prejudice of the Public,

X. Be it Enacted, from and after the Publication hereof, that any Mailer or Owner who shall suffer his or her Slave or Slaves to plant and remain on any Lands at a great Distance from his or her Residence, without causing some White Person to dwell thereon, in order to insped and be a Check upon the Conduct of such Slave or Slaves j and in case of Negledor Refusal to comply herewith within the Space of Two Months, he or she shall be liable to forfeit such Plantation or Plantations to the Use of the Public.

XVII. Be it further Enacted, That whosoever shall apprehend any Slave that shall, after the Publication hereof, run away and be absent from his or her Owner above Fourteen Days and under Three Monchs, such Person shall be entitled to, as a Reward, the Sum of Three Pounds from the Owner of such Runaway, and shall bring or cause to be brought the said Runaway before some Magistrate, under the Penalty of Six Pounds, and the Magistrate shall order such Punishment to be inflicted on the said Runaway as he shall think proper, and allb order the Owner of such Runaway to pay the Reward above-mentioned, which if the said Owner shall refuse to do, the said Magistrate shall order the said Runaway to be delivered to: the Provost Marshal, who is hereby required to pay the said Award; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Provost Marshal to detain and keep in Custody the Body of such Runaway,

< until his or her Owner shall pay unto him what he shall so pay unto the Person who shall have apprehended the said Runaway, with Two Shillings per Pound for advancing the Money, and also One Shilling and Six Pence for every Twenty-four Hours the said Slave shall remain in Custody, as an Allowance for the Maintenance of such Slave, or until the end of Six Months; and if the Owner of such Slave shall not within Six Months from the Day such Slave was committed, pay to the Provost Marshal the Money by him advanced, and respective Allowance before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for him to dispose of such Slave at public Sale, after giving Three Days Notice, and after detaining the before-mentioned Advance Money, and Allowances and Commissions on such Sale, he shall return the Overplus to the former Owner of the said Slave.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted, That any Slave who may be now run away, and shall not within One Month after the Publication of this Act return to his or her Owner, or any Slave that shall after the Publication hereof absent him or herself from his or her Owner for the Space of Three Months successively, such Slave shall be deemed an Out-law, and as an Encouragement to apprehend and bring to Justice such Runaways, any Person or Persons who shall apprehend any such Runaway, either dead or alive, shall be paid out of the public Treasury Twenty Pounds for every Slave so apprehended and taken, and any such Slave taken alive shall be delivered by the Person apprehending him or her into the Hands of the Provost Marshal of these Islands, who is hereby ordered and directed to put every such runaway Slave into Irons, and forthwith to make his Report thereof to some Justice of the Peace, who, with the Assistance of another Magistrate and Three Freeholders, shall proceed to Trial, and on Conviction shall order Execution of every such runaway Slave, unless it shall appear to them that such Slave has received such cruel Usage from his or her Owner or Owners, as to have been the Cause of his or her running away, then and in such Case the said Magistrates and Freeholders or Housekeepers shall sentence such Offender to be transported off these Islands: Provided always, and it is hereby further Enacted, That every Owner shall, within Fourteen Days after the running away of his or her Slave, give Notice thereof, by Advertisements to be affixed at the usual public Places, which shall be proved by Oath of one credible Witness, wherein shall be inserted the Name and Description of such Runaway, by Means of which he or she may be the more easily apprehended; and in case the Owner as aforesaid shall neglect so to do, he or she shall not receive any Satisfaction from ^he public Treasury for such Slave as shall be so killed or executed. 5

XIX. And it is further Enacted, That if any White Person shall hereafter be guilty of employing, concealing, enticing, entertaining, or fending off these Islands any runaway Negro or

4 other

PART III.

Bahama Islands.—Slaves; for their Regulation, &c.

Of Runaway Slaves.—Various Offences.

other Slave, who shall be suspected of having committed any capital Offence, every such White Person guilty of any such Offence shall forfeit the Sinn of Six Pounds, One Half to the Person who shall inform and sue for the same, and for Want of Distress, such Offender shall receive Sixty Stripes at the public Whipping Poll, by Order of the Court in which l'uch Fine shall be sued for, and the Informer shall receive Thirty Pounds from the public Treasury, upon producing a Certificate from the Court who shall order such Punishment to be inflicted, and such Offender shall also be liable to the Owner’s Action at Law for the Value of such Slave; and if any Free Negro, Mulatto, Mufi.ee, or Indian, shall be found guilty of any such Offence, he or she shall forfeit his or her Freedom, and be fold and transported off these Islands, by Order of Three Justices of the Peace, who are hereby empowered to take Cognizance of every such Offence, and to make such Orders, and to direct the due Execution thereof; and any Person who shall inform against any such Free Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, shall, on Conviction and Sale of such Offender, be entitled to and receive One Half of the Money arising from such Sale j and if any Slave shall be guilty of such Offence, he or she shall be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace, to whom Complaint and Proof thereof shall be made; and any Person so informing shall on Conviction be entitled to and receive out of the public Treasury a Reward of Six Pounds, on producing a Certificate under the Hands of thd Magistrates before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XX. Be it also Enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Owner of any runaway Slave to fell such Runaway, during his or her Absence, to any Person whatsoever; and if the Sale of any such Slave shall be discovered, the Buyer and Seller thereof shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds, One Half of which shall be to the Informer, or to any Person who shall sue for the same, and such Runaway shall be tried in Manner hereinbefore directed, and the Owner or Purchaser shall not be entitled to any Reward therefore out of the public Treasury.

XXXVII. Be it Enacted, That if the Owner of any Slave who shall run away and be ablest from his said Owner for the Space of Three Months after the Publication hereof, shall thereafter receive the said Runaway, and shall not forthwith deliver him or her to the Proyoft Martha), in order to be tried in Manner as is directed by the said Act, such Owner shall be deemed a Concealer and Harbourer of such Runaway, and be liable to the Penalties therein mentioned.

II. And be it further Enacted, That if any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian shall assault a White Person with a dangerous Weapon, whereby the Life of the Person so assaulted may be greatly endangered, or make any Assault of a violent Nature, except a Slave and in Defence of his or her Owner or Employer’s Person or Property, he or she shall suffer Death; and in case such Assault shall be committed by the Direction of the Owner or Employer of such Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, such Owner or Employer shall be liable to answer as by Law they ought; and if any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian beotherwise abusive to any White Person, he or she shall be punished by the Direction of One Justice of the Peace, or by Fine not exceeding Fifteen Pounds, or by corporal Punishment.

XXVI. And be it hereby Enacted, That every Slave who shall be seen playing at Dice, Cards, or be guilty of any other Kind of Gaming, shall be publicly whipped by Order of any Justice of the Peace to whom Complaint shall be made, and that every Free Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian who shall be found guilty of any Kind of Gaming, shall forfeit and pay a Fine of Six Pounds, One Half whereof shall be to the Informer, who shall sue for the same, or shall suffer Thirty Days Imprisonment by Order of such Magistrate; and if any Keeper of a Tavern or Punch House shall suffer any Slaves to tipple or intoxicate themselves with Rum or any other Liquor, or suffer any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian to game in or about his or her House or Yard, or shall entertain or suffer to remain in his or her House or Lot, after the Hour of Nine of the Clock at Night, any Slave, such Keeper of Tavern or Punch House shall pay a Fine of Three Pounds, to be recovered by the Informer by a Warrant from the Justice before whom such Information shall be lodged.

Various Offences.

3

7 July»

Bahama Islands.—Slaves; for their Regulation, See.

Trial of Slaves, and Proceedings thereon.—Of Slaves

7 July, 1784*

An ACT for governing Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, and Indians, and for fuf* pending several Acts therein mentioned;.

WHEREAS many heinous and grievous Crimes* such as Murder, Poisoning, burglaries, Robberies, Rapes, Burning and Breaking open Houses, and other Eelonies, are many Times Committed-by Negro, Mulatto, Mullees, or Indian Slaves, or are many Times maliciously attempted by them to be-committed, in which, though by divers Accidents they are pre* Vented, yet are their Crimes nevertheless heinous, and therefore deserve Punishment: And whereas Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, and Indian Slaves, do'many Times Real, wilfully maim, kill, apd destroy Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or other Things, of the Value of Six Shillings or above, or are accessary to the committing of such Crimes as are before mentioned,- which several Offenders, for Danger of Escape, ought not to be long imprisoned, and deserve not, for the Baseness of their Condition, to be tried by the established Laws of England, nor is Exe-i cation to be delayed in case of their committing such horrid Crimes; Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, That if after the Publication hereof any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian Slave shall be. accused of having committed, or having attempted to commit any of the Crimes before-mentioned, upon Complaint thereof being, made to any Justice. of the Peace, the said Justice shall issue out his Warrant for the apprehending the Offender, and for all Persons to come before him that can give Evidence (and the Evidence of One Slave against another in this and all other cases shall be deemed good and sufficient Proof); and if upon Examination it probably appears that the apprehended is guilty, he shall commit him or her td Prison, and certify to any other Justice the Cause, and require him, by virtue of this Act, to associate himself to him, which such Justice is hereby required to do; and they so associated shall issue out their Warrant to summon Three Freeholders or Housekeepers, setting forth to them the Matter, and requiring them to be ae a certain Day and Hopr, and at such Place as the said Justices shall appoint for such Trial, at which Time and Place the said Justices and Freeholders or Housekeepers shall cause the said Offender and Evidence to come before them, and if they on hearing of the Matter, (the said Freeholders and Housekeepers being by the Justices first sworn to judge uprightly and according to Evidence, which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall judge the Criminal guilty of the Offence complained of, they or the major Part of them, of whom One to be a Justice, shall give Sentence of Death; or order such other Punishment as they in their Judgment shall think meet, and forthwith, by their Warrant directed to the Provost Marshal or his Deputy, or any Constable, cause imme^. diate Execution to be done upon such Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian Slave, in some public Place; and the said Magistrates shall severally be entitled to the Sum of Fifteen Shillings, and the said Freeholders or] Housekeepers shall severally be entitled to the Sum of Seven Shillings and Six Pence for the whole Prpcefs against such Offender, and the Constable, for Service of every Warrant or Summons, shall be entitled to the Sum of Three Shillings, and for causing Execution to be done the Sum of Fifteen Shillings; all which Sums are to be paid out of the public Treasury of these Islands.

III. And be it further Enacted, That if any Freeholder or Housekeeper shall, upon Summons, refuse or neglect to appear and aft with the said Justices, and do not lhew Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, to be approved of by the said Justices, he shall forfeit Three Pounds, to be forthwith levied on his Goods and Chattels by Warrant from the said Justices to a Constable.

IV. And be it further Enacted,' That all such Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, and Indians as have been Slaves and are now free shall, for all Offences capital or criminal, be tried and adjudged after the Manner and Method as before directed for the Trial and adjudging of Slaves, and the Evidence of a Slave against them shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further Enacted, that the Oath of Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, or Indians shall not be good or valid in Law against any White Person, excepting in Matters of Debt; and then any Free Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian Christian shall be allowed to prove his or her Account, and sue for the same in any Court in these Islands where the same shall be cognizable.

XXVIII. AND whereas it is customary for Owners to commit their Slaves to the Common Gaol for flight Offences, which do not extend to a Breach of this Act, and as no Provision has hitherto been made for the Provost Marshal for his Trouble in receiving them;

Part HI. 6 XXIX. Be

PART III.

imprisoned'•

Trial of Slaves > and P-ceedings thereon.

Clause I.

Of Slaves imprisoned.

PART Hi.

Of

Killing a Slave.

Bahama Islands.'-—Slaves j for their Protection, &c.

imprisoned.—Killing a Slave.

XXIX. Be it therefore Enabled, If after the Publication hereof any Owner shall fend his or her Slave, who shall not have been guilty of any of the capital Crimes hereinbefore recited, to Gaol, the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy shall forthwith take the said Slave into Custody, and him or her safely keep until released by the Owner, and shall receive for his Trouble from the said Owner, Three Shillings, together with Nine Pence for every Day such Slave shall have remained in the Gaol; provided such Slave shall have been maintained by the Provost Marshal.

XXX. And be it also Enacted, That the Provost Marshal shall be allowed and receive out of the public Treasury Nine Pence per Day for the Maintenance of every Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, who shall be committed to the Gaol for any capital Crime before-mentioned.

XXXL And be it also Enacted, That for all Warrants and Executions which shall be granted by any Magistrate, and served by any Constable, for any Fines and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, such Magistrate and Constable shall respectively be entitled to and receive the same Fees from the Person who may have offended as are directed to be paid for like Services by an Act, entitled. An Act to prevent vexatious, tedious, and troublesome Law Suits, &c.; and for all Warrants granted for apprehending and punishing of Slaves for such Crimes as are not deemed capital by this Act, the like Fees shall be paid by the Owners of such Slave as for the last-mentioned Services.

XXXII. And be it also Enacted, That any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, who shall for any Offence against this Act forfeit his or her Freedom to the Public, shall on such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol until disposed of, and the Provost Marshal is hereby empowered and directed to dispose of such Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, at public Outcry, within Ten Days from his or her Commitment, and after deducting thereout the Charges of maintaining such Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, together with Commissions at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, to pay the Surplus Money arising from such Sale into the public Treasury; and any Person who shall purchase such Offender shall, within Three Months from the Day of such Sale, transport the said Offender from these Islands, and the said Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian shall remain in the Custody of the Provost Marshal, at the Charge of the Purchaser, until transported; and if any such Offender, who shall be transported, shall hereafter return to these Islands, upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace, he, upon View of the Record, is hereby empowered and required immediately to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to some Constable, for the Execution of such Offenders in such Manner as is before directed for capital Crimes.

Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

7 Jiily, 1784.

XXI. And it is further Enacted,' That if any Person shall by Accident kill any Negro or other Slave, he or she shall not be liable to any Punishment therefore but the Owner’s Action at Law for the Value of the Negro or other Slave so killed; and if any Person shall wilfully kill any Negro or other Slave, he or she shall be tried, and if found guilty shall suffer for the fame, according to the Laws of England, Forfeiture of Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements^ only excepted.

1

XXIII. And be it also Enacted, That when any Slave shall suffer Death, Two Justices and •Three Freeholders or Housekeepers shall forthwith enquire what Treatment such Slave had re -' ceived from his or her Owner, and if it shall appear to them, or the major Part of them, that the Owner of such Slave had inhumanly used him or her, and that Necessity or cruel Usage might " have compelled such Slaveto run away, or to the Commission of the Offence for which he or she shall have suffered, the Owner shall not be entitled to or receive any Allowance for such Slave; but if it shall otherwise appear to the said Justices and Freeholders or Housekeepers, they shall then and in that Cafe value the said Slave at a certain Sum not to exceed Sixty Pounds, and certify the fame to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, "6 - who

Bahama JJlands.'—Slaves; for their Prote&iori, See* part iif.

Manumission. —Free

who is hereby desired (o issue his Warrant to the Treasurer to pay the Value of such Slave to the Owner thereof.

!XXXVI. And it is hereby further Enabled, That from and after the Publication hereof, Manu-if the Owner of any Slave shall manumit or make free such Slave, so as to entitle him or her to the Liberties or Indulgencies which any Free Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian may enjoy or receive by virtue of the before-mentioned Act, he or she shall pay unto the Receiver General and Treasurer the Sum of Ninety Pounds lawful Money of these I (lands, towards defraying the contingent Charges of this Government.

XIV. AND whereas many Inconveniencies have arisen from the Method of trying Ne- Free Negroes, Mulattos, Mu.ftees, and Indians Claims of Freedom at the Courts of Quarter Sessions only j Be it hereby Enacted, That from and after the Publication of this Act it may at any Time be lawful for the Receiver General and any Two Magistrates to examine the Manu-tnilTions or~ Pafles of any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian pretending-to be free, and if they should be forged, or otherwise insufficient, or producing no satisfactory Proof of their being free, then he, she, or they are to be forthwith committed to the Common Gaol j and such Negroes, Mulattos, Mustees, or Indians shall remain there not longer than One Month, when the Provost Marshal is required, after giving Three Days public Notice, to cause the said Negroes, Mulattos, Mustees, or Indians, to be sold by public Auction, and the Money arising from the Sale (lawful Charges and a Commission of Five per Cent, being first deducted) shall be paid into the Treasury of these Islands, and there shall be lodged for the Term of Twelve Months, in order that the Owner, on due Proof of his Property, may receive the same; but if after the Time above-mentioned no Owner shall appear, or shall fail in supporting his Claim, then the Money shall be applied towards defraying the contingent Charges of this Government; and the Provost Marshal, on the Commitment of such Negro, is hereby ordered to put up an Advertisement, without Delay, describing as particularly as may •be the Negroes, Mulattos, or Indians so committed, that the Owner or Owners may receive Notice, thereof; but if any such Claimant of Freedom as is above described shall appear -to be bona fide free, and his or her Manumission or Pass shall be judged good and valid, he or she (Hall be warned and ordered by the Magistrates to depart this Government in Three Months, under the Penalty of losing his or her Freedom, unless he or she gives Security to •pay Ninety Pounds into the Treasury at the End of Three Months; and if any Freeman of Colour shall by Indenture, or other Contraft of Servitude, attempt to evade this Law, and it shall appear to the Receiver General and Two other Magistrates that such Indenture or •Contraft has been antedated, or is otherwise fraudulent, the fame is hereby declared to be void ^nd of no Effect, and the White Person to whom such Indenture or Contraft shall be made shall, on Conviction for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds, to be paid into the public Treasury of these Islands. ' ';

XV. And the Governor or Commander in Chief is hereby empowered and requested to issue his Proclamation, commanding all free Negroes, Mulattos, Mustees, or Indians, or that call themselves free, to be and appear before the Receiver General in the Space of One Ca-Jendar Month after the Publication of this Act, and if they do not make, their Appearance in the Time above-mentioned, the Governor or Commander in Chief is further desired to issue a Second Proclamation for the fame Purpose, offering a Reward of Six Pounds, to be paid out of the public Treasury to any Person or Persons (White or Black) that may apprehend "the fame, and deliver him or her unto the Custody of the Provost Mar(hai, that the Validity ,of his or her Claim of Freedom may be legally tried.

XVI. And be it further Enacted, That if any free Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian :be found out of his House bearing Fire Arms, Cutlass, Sword, Bayonet, or Macheet, without a Ticket from a Magistrate, any White Person may, and every Constable is required as •Part of his Duty, to disarm the said Free Man, and bring him before a Magistrate, and the Constable shall produce the Arms so taken to the Magistrate, who may order him to retain them to his own Ule, as a Reward for bringing such Offenders before him, and the Magistrate may commit the Offender to the Common Gaol, at Discretion, if the Nature of his •Offence so require, not exceeding One Month; and as all People of the above Description (except Men of Property) should get their Livelihood by Labour, if any such be observed from Day to Day living in an idle, vagrant Manner, without visible Means of Subsistence, it shall be lawful for any Person, and every Constable is hereby required to inform a Magistrate, that he may be committed to the Common Gaol, there to remain until he shall be ;transported, not to return under Penalty of forfeiting his Freedom to the -Use of the Public.

XXXV. And be it further Enacted, That if after the Publication hereof any Free Negro,

part itt. Bahama Islands^Slaves; for their Protection, &c.

Free Negroes.

Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian shall come into these I (lands to re fide, he or she shall pay int<J the public Treasury, for the defraying the contingent Charges of this Government, the Sum of Ninety Pounds, or depart thereout in Three Months, under Penalty of forfeiting his or her Freedom to the Public.

45 February, 1^88*

An ACT for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, “An Act for governing Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, and Indians, and for suspending several Acts therein mentioned."

Preamble. WHEREAS some Inconveniencies have arisen and may arise from the Mode of de-* termining the Claims or Applications of Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, and Indians for Freedom, under the Powers given in and by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, «* An Act for governing Negroes, Mulattoes, <« Mustees, and Indians, and for suspending several Acts therein mentioned j” in order to provide against any such Inconveniencies, and to explain and amend the said Act; Be it Enacted and Declared by his Excellency the Right Honourable John Earl of Duntnore, H is Majesty's Lieutenant and Governor General, the Council^ and the General Assembly of The Receiver these Islands, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this TvnTor3|wre Act it shall and may be lawful for the Receiver General of these Islands for the Time being, Tufticee'oMhe and any Two or more Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorized Monthly, and on Peace impow- jhe First Monday in every Month in every Year, to meet and assemble in the Court House at and determine Nassau, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, and to ad-the Appiiea- journ such Meeting from Time to Time to any other Day or Days as they shall think fit, for t'roe» I"*' Purpose of hearing and determining the Claims and Applications of Negroes, Mulattoes, gr ’ * Mustees, or Indians, who shall or may claim to be entitled to his or their Freedom^ and for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

Receiver G«- ' IE Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That no such Receiver General, Justice or nerai and juf- Justices, shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, except in the administering the Oath sworn. herein mentioned in the First Instance (which Oath the said Receiver General and Justices, or any of them, are hereby impowered to administer) until he and they shall have taken an Oath to the following Effect:

The Oath. * I A. B. dofwear, That according to the best of my Judgment, Skill, and Knowledge,

“ I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute all and every of the Powers and ' Authorities repoied in me, in pursuance of an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year u of the Reign of King George the Third, for explaining an Act passed in the Twenty-* fourth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for governing Negroes, u Mulattoes, Mustees, and Indians, and for suspending several Acts therein men-« tioned.

*f So help me GOD.”

Penalty on III. And be it further Enacted, That if any Person shalljprefume to act in the Execution of before this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, before he shall have taken the aforesaid Oath,

the°Oath.'ng he shall forfeit and pay for such Offence the Sum of Thirty Pounds of lawful Money of these Islands, to be recovered in any Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be Distribution allowed} and that the Forfeitures and Penalties so to be incurred (all necessary Charges for Ueiincumd* Recovery thereof being first dedofted) shall go and be distributed. One Moiety thereof to the public Treasury of these Islands, and the other Moiety thereof to him or her who shall inform or fuc for the fame.

Receiver Ge- IV. And be it further Enacted, That the Receiver General for the Time being, and any nerai, &c. to Two Justices of the Peace, present at any Meeting or Meetings under the Authority of this numlffiortf* or the before-recited Act, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, from See. ’ Time to Time, to examine the Manumissions, Passes, Certificates, Bills of Sale, and other and Perfoi» Deeds and Writings, to be produced at any such Meeting, and to examine any Person or onOath. Persons upon Oath, which Oath the said Receiver General and Justices, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized to administer, and to hear and determine the Claims and Applications of all Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, or Indians, who pretend to be free, and to acyudge, and determine any/uch Claimant or /Claimants to be free, or to be Slaves, as to ?: v a . them

PART III.

Bahama Islands.-— Slaves; for their Protectionr

them shall seem right; and in case they adjudge any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian to be free, they are hereby required to report their Determination, under their Hands and Seals, to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being.

V. And be it further Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor or Commander in Chief of these Islands for the Time being, to give a Certificate under his Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, to any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian adjudged to be free under the Powers and Authorities of this or the before-recited Act; but no such Certificate shall be delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, until the Time hereinafter limited for appealing against the Determination of the Receiver General and Justices shall be expired, or’ in case of Appeal, the fame be heard and determined pursuant to the Powers hereinafter given; which Certificate and Certificates shall be registered by the public Secretary of these Islands, who shall be entitled to demand and receive for foeff Certificate and Registry, from the Party to whom the fame is granted, the Sum of Twelve Shillings of lawful Money of these Islands; and such Certificate and Registry, or either of them, shall be deemed and considered as a full Proof of the Freedom of the Negro, Mulatto; Mustee, or Indian, to whom the same shall be so' given; and where he or she shall be adjudged to be free in Consequence of any Proclamation ififued by any of His Majesty’s Officers or Commanders, during the late Disturbances in America, such Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, shall be entitled to all the Rights, Privileges, and Immunities that any manumitted Slave is now, or heretofore has been deemed to be entitled to, who has paid Ninety Pounds into the public Treasury. of these Islands, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Assembly now in Force, and such Certificate and Registry shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That no such Certificate as aforesaid shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to authorize any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, except he, she, or they be deemed free in Consequence of any such Proclamation as is before mentioned, to be and remain upon these Islands beyond the Time limited, or contrary to any Law of this Colony now in Force, or to exempt him, her, or them from the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money due or to become due from, or the Duty to be per-.formed by any Free Negro, Mulatto, or Indian; but that the Departure of any Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, or Indians (except as aforesaid) shall be required; and all Monies, -Fines, Forfeitures, and Duties, shall and may be sued for, recovered, had, levied, and performed, as if such Certificate or Certificates had not been given, and this Act had never been made.

Free Negroes.

Determination in Fa* your of Negroes, See, claiming Freedom, to be reported to the Commander in Chief.

The Governor or Commander in Chief impowered to give Certificates to Negroes, See. adjudged to be free.

Certificates to be re* giftered by the public Secretary.

Secretary’s Fee.

Such Certificate or Registry to be full Proof of Freedom;

and the Negro, Sec, to whom granted, in consequence of the King's Officers Proclamations, during the American Diu turbances, to enjoy all the Privileges of manumitted Slaves. Proviso.

VII. And be it further Enacted, That in case any Manumission, Pass, Certificate, Bill of Penalty on jfcgroe*, Sale, or other Deed or Writing produced by or on Behalf of any Negro, Mulatto, or Indian, producing frau-at any such Meeting, shall appear to the said Receiver General and Justices to be forged,

antedated, or otherwise fraudulent, or that the Application of such Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, t>r Indian is not’well founded, or that he or she hath attempted to impole on the said Receiver General and Justices, it shall and may be lawful for the said Receiver General and Justices, and they are hereby authorized to commit such Negro, Mulatto, or Indian to the Common Gaol of these Islands, for any Time not exceeding Three Days, and to cause him or her to be publicly whipped within that Time, not exceeding Fifty Lashes, at such Place as they shall think proper..

VIII. And be it further Enacted, ;That in case any Person or Persons, who shall or may per<bn» claiming Pro-

claim to be the Owner, Mailer, or Mistress of any such Negro, Mulatto, or Indian, shall pertyin Negroes,&c. produce at any such Meeting any Bill of Sale, Contraft, or other Deed or Writing, which m forfeit

shall appear to the said Receiver General and Justices to be forged, antedated, or otherwise 30i! S ' fraudulent, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

• Sum of Thirty Pounds' of lawful Money of these Iflanos, to be recovered in any Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and that the Forfeiture and Penalty so to be incurred shall go and be‘distributed, one Moiety thereof to the public Treasury of these Islands, and the other Moiety to him or her who shall inform or sue for the same. IX.

IX. And be it further Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Receiver General Receiver General, and Justices, or any one of thenr, to summon any Person or Persons to’appear and give ^mmoiTi?erf.n*tto Evidence at any Meeting or Meetings' to be held under the Authority of this or the before- give Evidence, recited Act; and if any Person or Persons who shall be so summoned as aforesaid shall Penalty on Person* neglect or refuse to appear On such Summons (and if Proof shall be made on Oath of such foth'lum!"® Summons having been duly served upon him, her, or them for that Purpose) or if any mot\9, or ro giv* Person or Persons shall appear, and neglect or refuse to answer such lawful Questsons as shall Testimony.

Part III. 6R be

PART III.

; for their Protection, &c;

Free Negroes*

bfr1 ot&dofed1 td’ him, her, or them by such Receiver General and Justices, or any of them, -b?the^ so Offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pdurtd$; Vvhrch Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid into the public Treasury of these Islands, and'fhah‘be1 levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Receiver General and Justices $ and for Want of suffi-eient DlftrefSy thb Offender or Offenders shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol of these Islands by Warrant1 under the Hands and Seals of the said Receiver General and Justices, ‘thereto remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for a Term not exceeding One Calendar Month. J ‘ '

J L ;*

Persons guilty of Perjury to incur the Penalties prescribed by Law.

Rrgifter of Proceeding to be kept.

Per fons thinking themselves aggrieved by the Determinations may appeal to the Governor and Council.

Determination of the Governor and Council final and conchi-five.

X. And be it further Enacted, That in case any Person or Persons taking an Oath at any such Meeting Thall be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof convicted by due Course of Law, he, she, or they shall incur and suffer the Pains, Penalties, and Purflbmfents1 which by Law are enacted or inflicted in cases of wilful and corrupt Perjury.-1 * 1

XIV. And be it farther Enacted, That all Acts, Orders,' and Proceedings of the said Re-

ceive* GeheraF ' and Justices shall be entered in a Book or1 Books, to be provided or kept by the Receiver General for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the said Receiver General at each Meeting, or at the next ensuing Monthly Meeting j and such Orders shall be thea deemed and taken to be original Orders, and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts, and at any Meeting of the Governor and

Council 6# these Islands.

Xft. And be it further Enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, dr themselves aggrieved by the Determination of the said Receiver General and Justices, or by the Determination of any Person or Persons to be named in a Special Commission, pursuant co1 the Power hereinafter given to‘ the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time -being-,1 in Council; or by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the before-recited Act, such Person or Persons may, within Two Months after the Gause of Appeal shall have arisen, appeaftO'Che Governor and Council of these Islands for the Time being, Rich Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Eight Days Notice at lead:, in Writing, of his, her,.©t^tfoeir Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk of the Council for the Time being, and within Two Days after such Notice enter into Recognizance before the said Clerk of the Council, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of the Governor or Commander in Chief and Council, and to pay such Costs and Charges as shall be awarded by the said Governor or Commander in Chief and Council;'and the said Governor Or Commander in Chief and Council, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and Anally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Governor or Commander in Chief and Council shall think proper; and the Determination of such Governor or Commander in Chief and Council shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

in case Appellant* XM. And be it further Enacted, That if after Notice given by any Person or Persons of Appeal within'o'ne h,s or t*lc'r Intention to appeal, as is hereinbefore directed, such Appellant or Appellants Month, the Adjudi- shall neglect to prosecute and try such Appeal for the Space of One Month, it shall and may Gelw°/tsLRtoe|»r k® kiwfbl Tor the Governor or Commander in Chief and Council to confirm the Adjudica-axifirmed. ’ tion of the Receiver General and Justices, and all Acts, Matters, and Things done by and under the Powers and Authorities hereby given, which Determination shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

Proreedirgs to be lent to the Cicik of the Council.

Persons thinking themselvet aggrieved hv the Determination of the Receiver General, &c. heretofore made,to appeal within Six Months after the Publication of this

aa.

XIV. And be it further Enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Receiver General and Justices, and all Books in which any Entry or Entries shall be made under the Authority of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, be delivered and sent to the Clerk of the Council for the Time being, in order that the fame may be produced to the Governor and Council upon the hearing and determining Appeals.

XV. And, to prevent vexatious Suits, and to remove any Doubts and Differences which may have arisen with respect to any former Determination or Determinations'of the Receiver General and Justices of these Islands, under and by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Act j Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who may think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Determination or Determinations of the Receiver General and Justices heretofore made, at any Time within the Space of Six Months next after the Publication of this Act, to appeal to the Governor or Commander in Chief and Council of these Islands, such Appellant or Appellants

6 R 2 first

Bahama Islands*—-Slaves \ for their

f ART lit

Free Negreet.

first giving, or causing to be given, Eight t)ays Notice at leaftin Writing of,tyi$y hetrr QJ?. their Intention to bring such Appeaj, and of the Matter,.thereof* to the Clerk oE lhq ^Coupcil, and within Two Days after such, Notice* emering into;a Recognizance before the said Clerk*.' with sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the QFder of th^Go-. vernor or Commander in Chief and Council, , and to pay such Costs and Charges as shall be awarded by the said Governor or Commander in Chief and Council; and the,lhid< Governor or Commander.in Chief and Council, upon dye P,roof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such j^ecogpipance 93 aforesaid, or the Appellant or Appellants 'neglecting to prosecute such Appeal, for the Space of One Month next after such Notice given, shall and may hear and finally determine the-Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such C°ds to the Party or Parties appealing, or, /appealed against,

' as they the said Governor or Commander in Chief and Council shall think 1 ppopetv v,

XVI. And be it further Enabled, That all and every Acts, Orders, Adjudications* De^ Proceeding* of the terminations, and Proceedings of the Receiver General and Justices of these I (lands,-had, ^“j"r ^ance of made, and done, under and by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Act, or hereafter to be had, »he A£tPof a+thGeo. made, and done in pursuance of the Authorities given by this Act, and which shall mfc/be ill. not quashed, ai-quashed, altered, or declared void upon any.Appeal to the Governor, or Commander,in Chief m Aw*i, to and Council, pursuant to the Powers herein given, shall and are hereby., declared to be be good and valid, good and valid, and shall and are hereby declared to be binding, final, and conclufiye to, all-

intents and Purposes.

XVII. And be it further Enacted, That the Receiver General for the ;Tiit)e,!b<apg shall. Pee* of the Receiw upon every Determination of the Freedom or Slavery of any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or General and justtcet* Indian, under the Authority of this or the before-recited Act, receive out of the public

Treasury of these Islands-the Sum of One Pound Twelve Shillings,of lawful Money of thefo Islands for his Trouble and Attendance, and also such further Surp and Sums of Money , for Books, Paper, Ink, and other comingem; Expences, as the Governor or, Commander: in Chief and Council shall from Tirpe tp Time think; proper * and that each Justice,lh*U receive, upon every such Determination^as aforesaid, for his Trouble.and Attendance, thtSnm of Sixteen Shillings of like Money* andrhis Excellency the Governor and Commander(in! Chief for . the Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of. His Majesty’s Honorable Council, is hereby authorized and reqncfted to issue his Warrant, from Time, tq; Tims* iW the Payment of the fame. . 1 v>i ii-v.uf'

XVIII. And to prevent any Delay or Omission in the Execution of this Act, which can Or IncafeofthoAbfence

mayjiappen by reason of the Absence or Sickness of the Receiver General, and to provide R^dyer^eneraT

against any such Inconvenience* Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid*-That, it the Governor or

shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, ~mman^[0^Chj

in Council, in case of the Absence or Sickness of the Receiver General, to issue afpeciaVCom*- ai^erfonto afunhi*

million, directed to such Person as he shall think proper, thereby empowering him to execute Stead*

the Powers and Authorities given to the Receiver General in and by this Act* which-ComJ

mission shall remain in force during the Pleasure of the Governor or Commander ip,-Chief for the Time being, who may from Time to Time issue a like Commission as often as may be

necessary, and the Person to be named in any such Commission and Commissions shall and

is hereby authorized and required, during the Pleasure of such Governor or Commander in

Chief, to meet and assemble, from Time to Time, with any Two or more Justices, for the

Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, in the Room and Stead of the Receiver General;

and every Person to whom any such Commission shall be directed, shall have ;the fame

Powers veiled in him and them for putting this Act in Execution, as the Receiver General

for the Time being might or could have, if he was personally present. and aftedat such

Meeting, and as if he and they had been named in or by virtue of this Act, and shall be entitled

to all Fees given to the Receiver General in and by this Act.

XIX. Provided always, That no Person or Persons to be named in any such Commission Proviib, shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act until he and they shall have taken the Oath prescribed by this Act * and that if any such Person shall presume to act herein without having taken the aforesaid Oath, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Thirty Pounds of lawful Money of these Islands, to be recovered in any Court of Record

and the Forfeitures and Penalties so to be incurred shall go and be distributed. One Moiety to the public Treasury of these IQands, and the other Moiety thereof to him or her whq shall inform or sue for the same.

XX. And be it further Enacted, That no Proceeding to be had or taken in py rfuance of No Proceeding had in this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or removed by Certiorari,’ pr ofiler

Writ or Process whatsoever, into any Coutt of Record of these Islands, save anti except ,the cated for Want of Right and Power of Appeal as is hereinbefore given, any l.aw or Ciiftom to’^he contrary ^to^nvCwro* notwithstanding. . m . ReMrd;

PART III

Bahama Islands.—Slaves; for their Protection, 8cc.

1 'rte Negroes.

Did refs maite in pur-luanCe of this A6ly i ot to he deemed unlawful.

Per To ns filed for any Thing done in pur-lunnce of this Act, to plead the General lifue.

XXI: And be it further Enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same to be deemed a Trespasseror Trespassers, on Account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto.

XXII. And be it further Enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in Relation to che Matters herein contained, such Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and the Defendant and Defendants in every such.Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and*by the Authority of this Act •, and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plain-, tiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants (halt recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the lame as any Defendant or Defendants have or hath in other cases by Law.

---

[Penalty on Persons conveying away any Negro, &c. whilst the Trial of such Negro, &c. is pending.]

XXIII. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons claiming a Right to any Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, either in his, her, or their own Right, or by virtue of any Power of Attorney, or other Deed or Deeds, shall presume to inveigle, transport, or convey away, or shall cause it to be done, any such Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian, after they or any of them shall have exhibited his, her, or their Claim or Pretensions to Freedom, or whilst the Trial of the said Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian shall be held and pending, or after any Adjudication of the Receiver General (or other Person lawfully acting in his Stead) and the Magistrates appointed by this Act to determine upon such Claims and Pretensions, or upon the Determination of the Governor or Commander in Chief and Council, on Appeal, declaring such Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian to be free, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, upon due Conviction thereof, forfeit and pay for the First Offence Three hundred Pounds lawful Money for each Negro, Mulatto, Mustee, or Indian so inveigled, transported, or conveyed away, and for the Second and every succeeding Offence Six hundred Pounds lawful Money as aforesaid, to be recovered and applied as is hereinbefore directed.

[Continuance of this Act.]

XXIV. And be it further Enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in Force for and during the Continuance of the before-recited Act.

