[Metadata: Books URL: https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=NL4NAAAAQAAJ&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false]

[Metadata: Only contents and acts given here; letters &c. snipped out.]

PAPERS

PRESENTED TO THE HOUSE OF COMMONS

On the 7th May 1804,

RESPECTING THE

SLAVE-TRADE;

&c. &c.

Ordered to be printed 8th June 1804.

SCHEDULE.

A.

CIRCULARS.

No 1. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Governors of the Islands of Jamaica, St, Vincent, Dominica, Barbadoes, Leeward Islands, and Grenada, Dated 6th May 1797.

No 2. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Governors of His Majesty's Islands and Colonies in the West Indies - Dated 23d April 1798. (Two Inclosures.)

No 3. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Governors of the Islands of Barbadoes and St. Vincent’s - Dated 22d March 1799.

No 4. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Governors of His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies - Dated 12th July 1799.

B.

BAHAMAS.

No 1. Copy of an Act, intituled, "An Act to consolidate and bring into one Act the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further Protection and Security; for altering the Mode of Trial of Slaves charged with capital Offences; for suspending the several Acts and Clauses of Acts therein mentioned; and for other Purposes," Dated 11th May 1797.

No 2. Copy of a Letter from Governor Dowdeswell to the Duke of Portland, Dated 9th December.

No 3. Return of Slaves, &c. in the Island of New Providence - Dated 2d April 1801.

C.

BARBADOES.

No 1. Copy of a Letter from Governor Ricketts to the Duke of Portland, Dated 5th July 1797.

No 2. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 31st May 1798.

No 3. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 6th May 1799.

No 4. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 28th May 1799. (Two Inclosures.)

No 5. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to Governor Ricketts - Dated 8th August 1799.

No 6. Copy of D° from Governor Ricketts to the Duke of Portland - Dated 1st September 1799.

No 7. Extract of D° from Lord Seaforth to Lord Hobart - Dated 18th March 1802. (Two Inclosures.)

No 8. Extract of a Letter from Lord Hobart to Lord Seaforth - Dated 6th September 1802.

SCHEDULE — continued.

D.

BERMUDA.

No 1. Extract of a Letter from Governor Beckwith to the Duke of Portland, Dated 24th December 1799.

No 2. Extract of a D° from D° to D° - Dated 22d March 1800. (One Inclosure.)

E.

DOMINICA.

No 1. Copy of a Letter from President Matson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 10th July 1797.

No 2. Extract from the Minutes of the House of Assembly at Dominica, Dated 19th July 1797.

No 3. Copy of a Letter from Governor Johnstone to the Duke of Portland, Dated 5th June 1798.

No 4. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to Governor Johnstone, Dated 18th October 1798.

No 5. Copy of D° from D° to the Governor - Dated 21st March 1799.

No 6. Copy of a Letter from President Matson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 16th June 1799. (Three Inclosures.)

No 7. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 22d June 1799. (Three Inclosures.)

No 8. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 20th July 1799. (Four Inclosures.)

No 9. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to President Matson - Dated 26th August 1799.

No 10. Extract from the Minutes of the House of Assembly of Dominica from the 6th September 1799 to the 8th October following.

No 11. Extract from the Minutes of His Majesty's Council of Dominica from the 10th September 1799 to the 11th October following.

No 12. Copy of a Letter from President Matson to the Duke of Portland - Dated 3d December 1799. (One Inclosure.)

No 13. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 5th January 1800. (Thirteen Inclosures.)

F.

GRENADA.

No 1. Extract of a Letter from Governor Green to the Duke of Portland, Dated 13th July 1797.

No 2. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 10th Aug. 1797. (Three Inclosures.)

No 3. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to Governor Green, Dated 13th Sept. 1797.

No 4. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 3d October 1797.

No 5. Extract of D° from Governor Green to the Duke of Portland, Dated 20th Feb. 1798. (One Inclosure.)

No 6. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 10th June 1798.

No 7. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to Governor Green, Dated 17th July 1798.

SCHEDULE - continued.

GRENADA. continued

No 8. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Governor Green, Dated 12th Aug. 1798.

No 9. Extract of D° from Governor Green to the Duke of Portland, Dated 3d Sept. 1798.

No 10. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 5th Nov. 1798.

No 11. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 7th Sept. 1799.

No 12. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 6th Oct. 1799.

(The Inclosure referred to in this Letter does not appear with the Correspondence.)

No 13. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Governor Green, Dated 22d Nov. 1799.

No 14. Extract of D° from Governor Green, to the Duke of Portland, Dated 21st Jan. 1800.

G.

JAMAICA.

No 1. Copy of a Letter from Simon Taylor, Henry Shirley, George Murray, and Lewis Cuthbert, Esqrs. to the Earl of Balcarres - Dated 12th Dec. 1797.

No 2. Copy of D° from the Earl of Balcarres to the Duke of Portland, Dated 14th Dec. 1797. (Three Inclosures.)

No 3. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to the Earl of Balearres, Dated 10th May 1798.

No 4. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 25th May 1798.

No 5. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 10th Aug. 1799.

No 6. Copy of D° from the Earl of Balcarres to the Duke of Portland, Dated 5th Jan. 1800. (Two Inclosures.)

No 7. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 22d March 1800. (Nineteen Inclosures.)

No 8. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 23d March 1800. (One Inclosure.)

H.

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

No 1. Extract of a Letter from President Thomson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 19th July 1797.

No 2. Extract of a Letter from President Thomson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 14th Oct. 1797. (Three Inclosures.)

No 3. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to President Thomson, Dated 1st Jan. 1798.

No 4. Extract of D° from President Thomson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 15th Feb. 1798. (One Inclosure.)

No 5. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 15th March 1798. (Three Inclosures.)

No 6. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 17th April 1798.

No 7. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to President Thomson, Dated 2d May 1798.

No 8. Extract of D° from Mr. President Thomson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 4th May 1798. (Three Inclosures.)

No 9. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 19th May 1798.

No 10. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to President Thomson, Dated 26th May 1798.

N° 11. Extract of D° from President Thomson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 22d June 1798.

SCHEDULE — continued.

Leeward Islands — continued.

No 12. Extract of a Letter from D° to D° - Dated 28th June 1798.

No 13. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 20th July 1798.

No 14. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to Mr. President Thomson, Dated 16th Aug. 1798.

No 15. Copy of D° from John King, Esq. to D° - Dated 7th March 1799.

No 16. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to President Thomson, Dated 1st May 1799.

No 17. Extract of a D° from President Thomson to the Duke of Portland, Dated 26th Oct. 1799.

No 18. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 22d March 1800. (Six Inclosures.)

No 19. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 26th March 1800. (Twenty Inclosures.)

I.

St. VINCENT.

No 1. Copy of a Letter from Governor Seton to the Duke of Portland, Dated St. Vincent, 6th July 1797.

No 2. Copy of D° from D° to D° - Dated 12th July 1797. (One Inclosure.)

No 3. Extract from the St. Vincent Legislative Council Minutes - Dated July 1797.

No 4. Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to Governor Seton, Dated 2d Oct. 1797.

No 5. Copy of D° from Governor Bentinck to the Duke of Portland, Dared 8th June 1798.

No 6. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to Governor Hemlock, Dated 14th Aug. 1798.

No 7. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 22d March 1799.

No 8. Extract of D° from President Ottley to the Duke of Portland, Dated 6th Juno 1799.

No 9. Extract of D° from the Duke if Portland to President Ottley, Dated toth Aug. 1799.

No 10. Extract of D° from President Ottley to the Duke of Portland, Dated aoth March 1800.

No 11. Extract of D° from D° to D° - Dated 1st May 1800.

No 12. Extract of D° from the Duke of Portland to President Ottley, Dated 12th July 1800.

1. CIRCULAR LETTERS - p. 1. &c. A.

2. BAHAMA - p. 1. &c. B.

3. BARBADOES - p. 1. &c. C.

4. BERMUDA - p. 1. &c. D.

5. DOMINICA - p. 1. &c. E.

6. GRENADA - p. 1. &c. F.

7. JAMAICA - p. 1. &c. G.

8. LEEWARD ISLANDS - p. 1. &c. H.

9. ST. VINCENT - p. 1. &c. I.

<snip>

B.

BAHAMA ISLANDS.

(Copy.) An Act to consolidate and bring into one Act the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further Protection and Security; for altering the Mode of Trial of Slaves charged with capital Offences; for suspending the several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned; and for other Purposes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws which have been enacted for the government of Slaves should be consolidated and brought into one Act; that some further provisions should be made for their protection; and that the mode of trying Slaves charged with capital offences should be altered and regulated, as nearly as local circumstances will admit, according to the rules of the common Law; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by his honour John Forbes, esquire, your Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor and Commander in Chief, the Council and Assembly of your Bahama Islands, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, that from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the herein after mentioned Laws and clauses, and parts of Laws, so far forth as the same do relate to Negro or other Slaves,

[Certain Laws suspended for and during the continuance of this Act.]

be and the same are hereby suspended for, and during the continuance of this Act, any thing in the said Laws and clauses of Laws, or in any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding; that is to say, an Act, passed in the seventh year of your Majesty's reign, intituled "An Act for governing of Negroes, Mulattoes, and Indians;" also one other Act, passed in the eighth year of your Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act for suspending a clause in an Act, intituled, "An Act for governing of Negroes, Mulattoes, and Indians, and for amending the said Act;" also one other Act, passed in the twentieth year of your Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act for suspending parts of certain Clauses and amending other Clauses in an Act, intituled, An Act for governing Negroes, Mulattoes, and Indians;" also one other Act, passed in the year last aforesaid, intituled, "An Act for governing Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, and Indians, and for suspending several Acts therein mentioned;" also one other Act, passed in the same year last aforesaid, intituled, "An Act to amend a Clause in an Act passed in the Eleventh year of His present Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for governing Negroes, Mulattoes, and Indians."

[Slaves, their provisions regulated and established.]

2. And whereas it as due to good policy as well as to humanity and justice, that the condition of Slaves should be rendered as comfortable as possible, by supplying them with good,

wholesome, and sufficient provisions, with proper cloathing and other necessaries, and it is expedient that the same should be regulated by Law; be it enacted, That the Master, Owner, or Possessor of every plantation, pen, or other lands whatsoever within these Islands, shall provide and give to every Slave above the age of ten years, at and after the rate of one peck of unground Indian or Guinea corn, or twenty-one pints of wheat flour, or seven quarts of rice, fifty-six pounds of potatoes, cocoes, or yams per week, over and above a sufficient quantity of land, as and for the proper ground of every such Slave, and one-half of the aforesaid allowance to each child below the aforesaid age of ten years.

B. 4 SLAVE TRADE - WEST INDIES.

[No Master, Owner, or Possessor of any Slave, by reason of their being rendered incapable of labour by sickness, age, or infirmity, &c.]

3. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Master, Owner, or Possessor of any Slave, whether in his or her own right, or as Attorney, Guardian, Trustee, Executor, or otherwise, shall discard or turn away any such Slave by reason of such Slave being rendered incapable of labour by sickness, age, or infirmity, but every Master, Owner, or Possessor, shall be and he is hereby obliged to keep every such sick, infirm, disabled, or superannuated Slave on his estate or premises, and to find and provide such Slave with wholesome necessaries of life, and not to suffer such Slave to be in want thereof, or to wander about and become burthensome to others, under the penalty of ten pounds for every offence, to be recovered in a summary manner before any two justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized and required to cause any Master, Owner, or Possessor offending in the premises, or his, her, or their Attorney or Agent, and such other Persons as they shall judge necessary to be summoned before them, to enable them to judge of the justice of any such charge, and to determine whether such Master, Owner, or Possessor ought to incur the aforesaid penalty; and in the mean time and until such trial can be had, the said Justices of the Peace, on their view, or on the information of any white person on oath, are hereby required to take up any such wandering, sick, aged, or infirm Slave, and to lodge him or her in the nearest workhouse or other place of security, there to be clothed and fed, but not compelled to work; at the expence of such Master, Owner, or Possessor, until such trial aforesaid can be had; and if it shall appear to the said Justices upon such trial that the party or parties complained of is or are guilty of the offence alledged, and he, she, or they, shall refuse to pay the said penalty, together with the workhouse-fees and charges of conviction, the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to commit such offender or offenders to the next common gaol, there to remain until he, she, or they, shall pay the same.

4. And whereas by reason of deaths or removals of Proprietors of Slaves, of their, being manumitted without any suitable provision being made for their maintenance, and from other causes, some unhappy objects, rendered unable to labour by disease, old-age, or other means, have become burthensome to the inhabitants; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[The Vestry to lay a tax upon the inhabitants once in every year, for the purpose of raising a sum for the maintenance of such Negroes, and who from the deaths or removals of Proprietors thereof, of their being manumitted without any suitable provision being made for the maintenance of the same.]

That it shall and may be lawful for the Vestries of the several parishes and islands once in every year to lay a tax upon the inhabits in the same manner as the parochial taxes are usually laid, for the purpose of raising such sum as they shall judge necessary for the maintenance, cloathing, medical care, and attendance, of all such Negro, Mulatto, or other Slaves, or other unhappy objects; and any two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and required, upon application being made to them, to order all such objects as aforesaid to be removed and conveyed to the workhouse of the parish where (if a Slave) the former Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors lived or resided, or (if a person of colour made free) where the person or persons who manumitted or set free such person of colour resided before his or her manumission, there to be lodged and taken care of; and the Justices of the Peace, and Vestries of the several islands and parishes, are hereby authorized and required from time to time to make such humane regulations for the purposes aforesaid, as to them shall seem necessary and expedient.

[Every Master or Owner of Slaves shall give them two suits of clothes every year, under penalty of £50.]

5. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Master or Owner shall provide and give to every Slave in his or her possession, two suits of proper and sufficient cloathing in the course of every year, under the penalty of fifty pounds for each offence.

[Every Master or Owner of Negroes shall instruct them in the Christian religion.]

6. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Masters and Owners, or in their absence their Overseers, shall, as much as in them lies, endeavour to instruct their Slaves in the Christian Religion, and shall do their endeavours to fit them for Baptism, and as soon as conveniently may be, shall cause to be baptized all such Slaves as they can make sensible of a Deity and of the Christian faith.

[No Slave to be mutilated.]

7. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Master, Owner, or other person whatsoever, who shall wilfully mutilate any Slave, or cause, permit,

BAHAMAS. 5 B.

or suffer any Slave to be mutilated with his or her privity or consent, shall be liable to be indicted and prosecuted in the General Court for the same, and upon conviction shall be punished by fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and imprisonment not exceeding twelve months for every offence, and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any action that could or might be brought by the Owner or Proprietor for recovery of damages for or on account of the same; and in cases where the Owner of any such Slave shall be guilty of any such offence, it shall and may be lawful for the Court, if it shall seem necessary for the future protection of such Slave, to declare him or her to be free and discharged from all manner of servitude, to all intents and purposes whatever; and in all such cases it shall and may be lawful for the Court to order the fine to be paid to the Vestry of the parish to which such Slave belonged, to the use of the said parish, the Vestry in consideration thereof paying to such Slave so made free an annuity of ten pounds during life; and in case any Slave or Slaves shall suffer such mutilation as aforesaid, any Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, on view of the fact, to send such Slave to the nearest workhouse, there to be kept and carefully attended at the expence of the parish, until such time as there can be a meeting of the Justices and Vestry of such Parish, which Justices and Vestry are hereby created a Council of Protection for such Slaves, and are authorized and required to make full enquiry respecting the mutilation of such Slave; and if to them it shall appear proper shall cause the Owner or Owners of such mutilated Slave to be indicted and prosecuted; the expences of which prosecution shall be paid by the parish where such offence shall be committed; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves shall be able to pay the costs and charges, of such prosecution, the Churchwardens and Vestry are hereby required to commence a suit or suits against such Owner or Owners, in which they shall recover all costs and charges, by them laid out and expended in such criminal prosecution and Civil action; and the Keeper of the workhouse to which any such Slave has been committed is hereby required, upon due notice of the meeting of such Justices and Vestry, to produce such mutilated Slave or Slaves for their inspection, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every neglect.

[No Court or Justice to pass any sentence whereby any Slave shall be directed to be mutilated.]

8. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Court or Justice to pass any sentence whereby any Slave shall be directed to be mutilated or maimed for any offence whatever.

[Any person killing a Slave, or causing the same to be done, shall be considered murderers.]

9. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall wilfully and with malice aforethought, kill, or cause to be killed any Negro or other Slave, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of felony and murder, and shall suffer death without benefit of Clergy; provided always, that no such conviction shall extend to the corruption of blood, or the forfeiture of lands or tenements, goods or chattels; any law, custom, of usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Persons anywise ill-treating Slaves subject to be indicted in the General Court, &c.]

10. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall wantonly or cruelly whip, maltreat, beat, bruise, wound, imprison, or keep in confinement, without sufficient support, any Slave or Slaves, he, she, or they shall be subject to be indicted for the same in the General Court, and shall suffer such punishment by fine or imprisonment, or both, as the Court shall think proper to inflict; and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any action that may be brought for recovery of damages, in case such Slave shall not be the property of the offender.

[No Slave shall receive more than 20 lashes at any one time, or for any one crime, &c.]

11. And in order to restrain arbitrary punishments, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Slave shall on any account receive more than twenty lashes at any one time, or for any one offence, unless the Owner or Employer of such Slave Supervisor of the workhouse or Keeper of the gaol shall be present; and that no such Owner, Employer, or Supervisor, or Goal-keeper, shall on any account punish a Slave with more than 39 lashes at one time, and for one offence, nor inflict or suffer to be inflicted any second punishment on the same day, nor until the delinquent

B. 6 SLAVE TRADE - WEST INDIES.

shall have recovered from the effects of any former punishment, under the penalty of ten pounds for every offence.

[Owners of Slaves committing them to gaol, the Provost Marshal authorized to receive them, &c.]

12. And whereas it is customary for Owners to commit their Slaves to the common gaol for flight offences, which are not punishable by this Act; be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where any Owner or Possessor of a Slave shall send him or her to gaol for any such trivial offence, the Provost Marshal, or his deputy or gaoler, shall forthwith take and receive such Slave into custody, and him or her keep until released by the Owner; and-= shall receive for his trouble three shillings, together with one shilling for every day such Slave shall have remained in gaol, provided such Slave shall have been maintained by the Provost Marshal.

[Affixing iron collars with projecting bars on the necks of Slaves unlawful.]

---

13. And whereas a mischievous practice hath prevailed in some of the Colonies, of punishing ill-disposed Slaves, and such as are apt to abscond from their Owners, by fixing iron collars with projecting bars or hooks round their necks; be it enacted and declared, That such practice is utterly unlawful, and that no person shall on any account whatever punish any Negro or other Slave, whether his own property or otherwise, by fixing or causing to be fixed any iron or other collar round the neck of such Slaves, or by loading the body or limbs of such Slaves with chains, irons, or weights of any kind, other than such as are absolutely

necefliiry for securing the person of such Slave whiie in confinement, under the penalty of fifty pounds j and any Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered, authorized, and required, on information or view of such offence, to order such collar, chains, irons, or weights, to be immediately taken off, under the penalty of one hundred pounds for every neglect or refuialj

[Christmas, holiday allowed to Slaves.]

14. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Slave within these Islands shall be allowed the usual number of Christmas holidays, to wit;. Christmas day, and the two following-working days.

Overseers absenting themselves from their Hama-

15. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Overseer who shall absent himself from the estate under his care tionsonknriltmasnolidavs, 1 r,

without leave of their ILffi- or management on any or the aforesaid holidays, without leave of his

ployers, to forfeit £.5. per Employers, shall for every such offence forfeit th.e sum of five pounds

day* for each day.

An account of the deaths i6. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on

and births of Slaves on c^ay of January which will be in the year of our Lord 1708,

each, Plantation to be given

in upon oath to the Church- and 011 tIie nrft day of January in every succeeding year, or within thirty

wardens annually- days after the Owner, Manager, or Overseer of every plantation or settlement within these Islands, shall give in upon oath to the Churchwardens and

Vestry of the parish, an account of all the births and deaths of the Slaves of such plantation or settlement, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered from the Owner of such plantation of settlement.

If the not giving in of such account shall be be

shall

through neglect, to

17. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the not giving in such account shall be owing to the neglect of any Overseer liopped out of the wages of or Manager, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor, or the Overseer ucglcdling the Possessor of such plantation or settlement, to flop and detain the penalty

which he or she shall be compelled to pay, together with his or her costs and charges, out of the wages of such Manager or Overseer.

fame.

No Slaves shall leave their Owner’s plantation without a ticket from them.

18. And whereas it is absolutely necessary that Slaves should be kept in due obedience to their Owners, and in proper subordination to the White Inhabitants in general, that opportunities of committing rebellious conspiracies should as much as possible be taken away, and that adequate punishments should be appointed for all crimes committed by Slaves, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Slave such only excepted as are going with firewood, grass, fruit, provisions, or small flock, and other goods which they may lawfully fell, to market, and returning therefrom) shall hefeafier be suffered to go out of his or her Mailer’s or Owner’s plantation or let dement, or to travel from one place to another, unless such Slave shall have a

BAHAMAS 7 B.

ticket from his or her Owner, Master, Employer, or Overseer, expressing particularly the time of such Slaves setting oiiti and where or to what place he or she is going, and the time limited for his or her return, under a penalty not exceeding forty Shillings for every offence, to be recovered from his or her Mailer, Owner, Employer, or Overseer, unless such Owner, Employer, or Overseer, shall make oath that he or she did give to the said Slave such ticket as aforesaid, or that the said Slave, went away without leave.

19. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Negro or No Negro other Slave lit all be allowed to hunt any horned cattle, horses, mares, mules, asses, cuf

or other animals, with lances, guns, cuclaflcs, or other arms, unless in :the company laffes, guns," of his Malleri Overseer, or some other white person,.or by his permission in writing; or other arms. and any Negro or other Slave who shall offend contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, shall suffer such punishment by whipping as any two Justices of the peace shall think proper to inflict, not exceeding fifty lashes.

20. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any free Free Negroes Ne^ro, Mulatto, or Indian, in order to conceal any runaway Slave, or to prevent him or her from being apprehended, shall give any fraudulent pass or ticket to any harbouring such runaway Slave, he, she, or they shall be deemed guilty of foVgery, and shall bc Slaves ho* liable to be prosecuted and tried for the lame in the General Court, and upon con- dealt wit^_ viction, shall suffer the loss of freedom, transportation, or such other punishment as the Court shall think proper to infiidt, not extending to life or limb.

21. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such fils giving

fradulent pass or ticket shall be given by any white person with intent as aforesaid, fraudulent such white^person shall lie. deemed guilty of forgery, and shall be liable to be ihdidted P"ffcSf° and-tried for the same before the General Court, and shall suffer such punishment, by toabeprore-? fine and imprisonment, as die Court shall think proper to inflidl. cuted.

22. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ho No ticket to be granted ticket shall be granted to any Slave for any time exceeding one calendar caTOgntf,e for mere month;

23. And be it further enacted, That every person from whole service Slaves absconding from any Slave shall abscond, shall within fourteen days thereafter give notice thereof by public advertisement, wherein shall be inserted the name and description of any such Runaway, by means whereof he or she may be more easily known and apprehended } and in case the Owner shall neglect so to do, he or she shall not be entitled to any satisfaction from the Treasury for any such Slave executed or transported by virtue of this Act, for any:crinie what-

giv-

cn within fourteen days of the same.

ever.

24. And be it also enacted, That, it shall not be lawful either to fell or buy any runaway Slave; and that any person buying or selling any such Slave while absent, shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

Runaway Slaves not to be sold or bought.

25. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Slaves who shall have been in these Islands for the space of two years, and shall run away, and shall continue absent for a term not exceeding six months, shall, upon conviction before any two Justices of the Peace, suffer such punishment as the said Justices shall think proper to inflidl, non extending to life or limb.

Slaves being absent six months, their punishment not to extend to life or limb.

26. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave slaves being absent up. who shall runaway from his Owner or lawful-Possessor, and be absent for wards of six,momhs to be more than six months, being duly convicted, shall be sentenced to be trans- transported forlife or other-ported for life, or shall suffer such other punishment, not extending to life or j| (>rb]imb? l° C*tCn to limb, as the Court shall think proper to inflidl.

27. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave who shall knowingly harbour or conceal any runaway Have, shall be liable to be tried for the aways*Bia!i fame as herein after directed, and upon conviction, shall fuller such punishment as the be liable to be Court shall think proper to inflidl, not extending to life or limb j and that any free nted for die

fame in the General Court.

Slaves taking up Runaways, Sec. to be rewarded.

Slaves absenting ten days from their Owners or Employers and found tight miles diliancs from their Plantation, deemed a Runaway.

Free persons apprehending Runaways shall be entitled to aor. over and sbovc tnile-jnoncy.

Slaves tnlr-ing or killing another in actual rebellion to be rewarded.

Persons killing Slaves in the execution of this Act to give imnu-diate information.

Persons apprehending Slaves to convey him, her, or them to proper places, agreeable to this Act.

[Proviso.]

B. 8 SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

person who shall commit such offence may be indicted and prosecuted for the same in the General Court, and being convicted, shall suffer such punishment* by fine and imprisonment as the Court shall think proper, according to the magnitude of the offence j and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to anj^action or fuie which rnay be brought-by the party injured for recovery of damages for anffott account of the same.

28. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Slave who shall take up any such Runaway, or inform against any person who shall harbour or conceal such runaway Slave, so that such Runaway may be taken and restored to his or her Owner or Owners, shall be entitled to such reward as any two Justices of the Peace shall think reasonable and just, not exceeding three pounds* to be paid by such person or persons as the said Justices shall determine ought to pay the same.

29. And whereas it is dangerous to the peace and safety of these I Hands to suffer Slaves to continue out as Runaways, and it is absolutely necessary to declare what Slaves shall be deemed Runaways; be it therefore enacted and declared, That, every Slave who shall be absent from his or her Owner or Employer without leave," for ten days together, and shall be found at the di(lance of eight miles from the house plantation, or settlement, to which he or flic belongs, without a ticket or permit to pass (except as before excepted, in going to or returning from market) shall be deemed a Runaway.

30. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any free Person who shall apprehend any runaway Slave shall- be entitled to receive from thti Owner, Employer, Overseer, or Manager of such Slave, the sum of twenty shillings and no more, besides mile money at the rate of two shillings per mile for the first five miles, and one Shilling per mile afterwards; provided such Slave or Slaves had absented himself or herself ten days without, the privity, knowledge, or consent of the Proprietor, Owner, or other white person reflding on the plantation or place to which such Slave shall belong, which time of absence shall be declared on the oath of such Proprietor, Overseer,or other white person as aforesaid, if required by the party taking up such Slave; but it is the true intent and meaning of this Act, that every Person who shall apprehend any Slave that is actually run away shall be entitled to the aforesaid reward, although such Slave shall not be eight miles from home, or although the aforesaid term of ten days shall not have elapsed.

31. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave who shall take or kill another in actual rebellion, shall receive from the Churchwardens of the parish in which any such Slave shall have been killed the sum of five pounds, and ten pounds if taken alive, also a blue cloth, coat with a red cross on the right shoulder, the whole expences whereof shall be reimbursed by the Receiver General for the time being, out of any money in his hands unappropriated.

32. And be it further enacted, That if any Slave shall be killed by any person or persons in the execution of this Act, or under the authority of the same, the person or persons by whom such Slave may be killed, shall* as speedily as may be, give information thereof to some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required to take his examination, and also the evidence or information of any other person or persons respecting the fame* and any white perf m or free person of colour killing such Slave, who shall neglect forthwith to give the information hereby required, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

33. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons apprehending any runaway Slave,.shall convey hini ;or her to his or her Owner, Employer, or Manager, if resident on the Island in which such Runaway shall have been apprehended, but if not therein resident, or if payment of the reward and other charges hereinbefore mentioned shall not be made, then to the nearest: gaol or work-house, the Keeper whereof is hereby authorized and required to receive such Slave into his custody, and to pay the party delivering such Slave the sum of twenty shillings, and mile money as aforesaid, and no more, under the penally of five poundsi provided nevertheless, that no Gaoler or Workhousekeeper, shall pay any such sum

BAHAMAS. 9 B.

or sums before such person shall have taken an oath, which oath the Gaoler or Work-housekeeper shall file in his office, anti produce,when thereunto required by the Owner or Possessor of such Slave, under the penalty of five pounds, that the Slave so apprehended was at the reputed distance of eight* miles from the house, plantation, or settlement, to which such Slave belongs (except as is before excepted) and thac such Slave had no ticket or permit-.in writing from his or her Owner or Possessor, Empioyer or Overseer, at the time of being apprehended, and that such Slave had been first carried to his or her Owner, Employer, or Manager (provided such Owner or Manager shall be in the Island where such Slave shall be apprehended) and that payment of the reward and charges aforesaid was neglected or refilled to be made.

34. And, to the end that the Owners and Proprietors of Slaves so apprehended may obtain information of the goal or workhouse in which they are- confined, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Keeper, of every workhouse or goal shall anetthey are hereby required, once in every month, to advertise in the Bahama Gazette, or other public newspapers, and at the most public place in the Island on which said Negro shall be apprehended, the height, names, marks, and sex, and also the country (where the fame can be ascertained) of every runaway .-Slave then in his custody, and the time such "Slave was put into his custody, and also the name or names of the Owner or Owners thereof, if known, under the penalty of ten pounds for every neglect or omission, and for the expence of such advercife-menc, it shall and may be lawful for the Keeper of every gaol or workhouse to charge the Owner or Owners of each runaway Slave at and after the rate-of twelve flii hings per month, and no more, and to detain any such Slave in custody until the fame, together with the charges of apprehension, and other fees and poundage, after the rate of two shillings in the pound, shall be paid, and also one shilling for every twenty-four hours such Slave shall have been in custody., for subsistence, and sixpence per day. for medical care and extraordinary, nourishment where necessary; and the Gaoler, Workhousekeeper, or Supervisor, shall attest every such account upon oath.

The Gaoler to advertise once a month, the names of Runaway Slaves in his custody.

35. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid} That the Keeper of Gaols to every workhouse or gaol within these Islands shall provide and furnish every Slave and whole- confined in such workhouse or gaol, a sufficient quantity of good and wholesome soir eprovi-provisions, according to the allowance hereinbefore required to be given upon plan-' Sons for tations, under the penalty of ten pounds for every riegledl.

36. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after any runaway Runaway Slave shall have been in the custody of the Provost Marshal, or of the Keeper of any Slaves, after workhouse or gaol, and shall have been duly advertised as aforesaid for the space thV"

of twelve calendar months, if no person shall claim such Slave, and pay the fees and Gaoler 12 other monies hereinbefore directed, it shall and may be lawful for the Provost Mar- months, whe dial," or for the Keeper of such gaol or workhouse, to fell every such Slave at l.at puW,c public outcry to the highest bidder, and that the monies arising from such Slave shall au l0R‘ be applied in the first place towards payment of the expences of taking up, keeping, andadvertifing such Slave, together with all other ices and charges hereinbefore mentioned, and the overplus (if any.) shall be paid into the public Treasury, to be applied towards the contingent expences of this Government} and all receipts and bills of sale made by the Provost Marshal, or the Keeper of any gaol or workhouse (as the case may be) are hereby declared to convey a good and sufficient title to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Slave, and to be a bar of the right of the former Owner or Owners 5 provided always, that every such sale beat the usual place of public auctions in the town of Nafiluvbetween the hours of ten and twelve o’clock in the forenoon, thac thirty days notice thereof be given in the Bahama Gazette, or other public newspaper, mid that previous to every such foie, every such Slave be carried before a Magistrate, who is hereby required to examine whether such Slave has been duly advertised, and whether lijs or her marks and description agree with the advertisement, and to certify the same it found accurate or sufficient.

B. 10 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES.

<5aoIcr not to work or lend any Runaway Slave.

Slaves after

having been confined, making their escape, and being retaken, to be punished by whipping.

Slaves after

Slaves killed in defence of his country, the Q>*ner to be paid out of the Treasury for the far.:c.

Persons suffering an assemblage of Negroes to cause the same to be dispersed.

37. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Gaoler of Work-

housekeeper shall, on any pretence whatever, employ any Slavcjenuo. his custody on any plantation belonging to him or in his possession, nor hire nor lend any fitch. Slave to work for any other person or persons, under the penalty of fifty pounds for every offence. r

38. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Negro or other Slave who shall be confined in any workhouse or other place of confinement, and shall escape therefrom before trial, or the expiration of his or her sentence, upon being retaken, and proof being made of his or her identity before any two Justices of the Peace, shall be adjudged to be sent back to confinement, and shall receive punishment by whipping, not exceeding fifty lashes.

bring con-

39. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the

fined, making their efcnpe provost Marshal, or any of his deputies, or any Constable, Gaoler, or

Martial o^om'-r Xfer Workhousekeeper, shall willingly or negligently suffer any Slave to escape, neglecting the same to for- so that such Slave shall not be retaken,' such Marshal, Constable, Gaoler, feir £.20. or Workhousekeeper, shall forfeit a funi not exceeding twenty pounds,

without prejudice to the owner’s action of damages.

40. And be it further enacted, That if any Negro or other Slave at any time of invnsion, or appearance of an enemy, shall be killed in the service of the country, the Owner shall be paid out of the public Treasury the full value of such Slave, to-be ascertained by any two Justices of the Peace,

41. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if any Master, Owner, Guardian, or Attorney of any plantation, or settlement, shall suffer any ft range Slaves exceeding twelve in number, to assemble together, and be3t their drums, or blow their horns or shells, in any place under his, her, or their care or management, or shall not endeavour to disperse or prevent their meeting, by giving notice thereof to the next Magistrate or commissioned Officer, that a proper force may be sent for the purpose, every Master, Owner, Guardian, or Attorney, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, provided information of such offence be given upon oath within five days after the* commifuon of such offence.

42. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Officers, civil and military, shall be and they are hereby empowered and required to enter into any place whatever, in order to disperse any unlawful assembly of Slaves, and to suppress and prevent all riotous unlawful drumming or other noise; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

43. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Slaves who (Hail hereafter be found to have concealed in his or her house, or otherwise in his or her possession, any fire-arms, gunpowder, slugs or ball, shall, on conviction before two Justices, suffer such punishment as the said Justices shall think proper to inflict by whipping.

44. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave who shall offer violence by striking or otherwise, to any white person, shall be punished with death, transportation, or such other punishment as the Court shall think proper to inflict, provided such conflict or striking be not by command of the Owner of such Slave, or of his or her Attorney, Overseer, or other person having authority over such Slave, or in the lawful defence of his Owner’s person or goods.

45. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slave shall mix or prepare, with intent to give any poison or poisonous drug, or shall actually give or cause to be given any such poilbn or poisonous drug, although death may not ensue from the taking thereof, such Slave, together with all and every accessary and accessaries, as well before as after the fact, (being Slaves) being thereof duly convicted, shall suffer death, transportation for life, or such other punishpr ent as the Court shall think proper.

OlHerrs authorised to enter nnv place whatsoever to difpetfe any unlawful .1 f-dembly of Negroes.

Slaves found concealing arms, ammunition, &c. to be punished.

Slaves {hiking or offering any violence to any white person, to suffer death, &c.

Slaves mixing or preparing poison shall suffer death or transportation.

BAHAMAS. 11 B.

[Slaves

46. And whereas horned cattle, sheep, horses, mares, mules, and asses, arcfre- ? Iav" questly ftoien and-killed by Negro and other Slaves in so secret and priyate a manner, je^/huhVir as to render con vision very difficult i for prevention thereof, be it further enacted, pdfetfibn That if any Negro or other Slave or Slaves shall fraudulently have in his, her, or frcjl. their possession, any fresh beef, mutton, or veal, or the fleffi of any horse, mare, mule, be punished, or afs, in any quantity exceeding, five and not exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight, every such Negro or other Slave shall, upon conviction before any two Justices of the Peace, be whipped in such manner as such Justices shall direct, not exceeding thirty-nine laffies; and if there-shall be found fraudulently-as aforesaid ip his, her, or their custody or possession, a larger or greater quantity than forty-eight pounds weight of such beef or other fleffi, that then every such Negro or other Slave shall suffer such punishment as the Justices shall think proper to inflict, not extending to life or limb. ‘

47. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or slave* ftcai-other Slave shall feloniously steal any horned cattle, ffieep, goat, hog, Horse, mare, ing cattle to gelding, mule, or afs, or shall kill any such horned cattle, ffieep, goat, hog* horse, bc panUhed. mare, gelding, mule, or ass, with intent to steal the fame, or any part of the fleffi thereof, such Negro or other Slave shall suffer death, or such other punishment as the Court shall think proper to inflict.

48. And whereas several Slaves Have lately, found means to depart from these skfei Islands, to the great damage-of their Owners, and to the evil example of other Slaves of0 craft who may thereby be induced to attempt or conspire to do the fame; and whereas tobetranf-there is reason to suspect that Slaves have been, aided and assisted in their departure ported or by other persons, and no adequate punishments are provided by law for such offences; for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if m e any Negro, or other Slave, shall run away from his or her Owner or Owners,

Employer or Employers, and go off, of conspire and attempt to go off these islands in any ship, boar, canoe, or other vessel or craft whatsoever, or be aiding, abetting, or assisting to any other Slave or Slaves in deserting and going, off these islands^'he, flie, or they so running or going off, or conspit ing and attempting.^) go off, or aiding, assisting, or abettingdn such going off, being thereof convicted, shall suffer transportar tion, or such other punishment as the Court shall think proper to inflitt, not extending to life or limbi . K

49. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any free Negro, s.lave* Indian, or Mulatto, shall be aiding, assisting, and abetting any Slave or Slaves in shv« »nde* deserting and going off these Islands, and shall be thereof convicted, he, ffic,or they ferting, to be shall be subject to be transported from these Islands by the Provost Marshal, or his transported; deputy; and any such Person so convicted, sentenced, and transported, who shall afterwards bc found at large within these Islands, shall suffer- death without benefit these Hhnd* of Clergy. to suffer

50. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,'That any white person white per-who shall knowingly be aiding, assisting, or abetting any Slave in deferring and going son* affixing off these Islands, shall forfeit the sum of £. 100, and shall also suffer imprisonment 'Slave tode-for any space of time not exceeding twelve months, without bail or mainprize; and j|rt 10 r°rfeit such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any _ suit or action which may 10°‘ be brought or had by the party injured for the recovery of damages for and on account of the lame.

51. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Personiafiift-

lawful to proceed against the person or persons so aiding, assisting, or abetting such jnfowgoffto

Slave or Slaves in going off these Islands, whether the principal or principals be be proceeded

convicted or not; any thing in this or any other Act, or any law, usage, or custom, whe-

to the contrary notwithstanding. Pr,n*

cipal be con-

52. And be it further enacted, That no Negro or other Slave fluff, on any pretence, or not.

barter or carry about for falcor barter any dry goods of any kind whatever, and it No S, P*so

it shall and may be lawful for atiy white Person to take and seize all such goods, ferule any

and to deliver them to the Provost Marshal, or his deputy, who shall forthwith dry goods of

XI9. fell any kind.

B 12. SLAVE TRADE. - WEST INDIES.

No Negro or other Slave toucuiiany sprituous liquors.

No Slave shall play at dice, cards, or other gaming.

Upon complaint being made of any robberies,&c. to any Justice of the Peace to ifiuc his warrant.

Pfvviso.

sell the same at public auction, and pay the net proceeds thereof into the public Treasury.

53. And be it further enacted, That no Negro or other Slave shall vend or retail any spirituous liquors whatsoever; and if any Slave, without the knowledge of his or her Owner or Employer, shall fell or vend any spirituous liquors whatsoever, such Slave for every such offence shall be publicly whipped by order of any two Justices of the Peace; but if it shall appear to have been done with the knowledge of his or her Owner or Employer, then and in that case such Owner or Employer shall forfeit the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered in manner herein after directed.

54. And be it further enacted, That every Slave who shall play at dice or cards, or be guilty of any other kind of gaming, shall be publicly whipped by order of any two Justices of the Peace j and any Keeper of a tavern or punch-house who shall suffer any Slave or Slaves to game, get drunk, or tipple in or about his or her house, /hop, or premises, or to remain in or about the fame after the hour of eight of the dock at night, or shall at any other time fdl rum or any other spirituous liquors to any Slave, to whom he or flic shall have been forbidden by the Owner or Employer of such Slave to fdl liquor, or shall suffer any such Slave, after having been so forbidden, to loiter or remain in or about his or her house, shop, or premises, shall forfeit tiic sum of twenty pounds.

55. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That-upon complaint being made to any Justice of the Peace of any burglary, robbery, burning of hpufes, rebellious conspiracies, compassing or imagining the death of any white pejrfon or persons, or any other felonious offence whatsoever committed by any Slave or Slaves, and which is hereby declared or made punishable with death or transportacion, such Justice shall issue his warrant for apprehending such offender or offenders, and for all persons that can give evidence, to be brought before him or atiy other Justice of the Peace, and the evidence of Slave against Slave shall in all cases be received?, and if upon examination, the charges shall appear to be well founded, the Justice before whom such examination shall be had and taken shall commit the accused to prison, and bind over the witnesses to appear at a certain day, not less than ten or more than thirty days from the day on which the complaint shall have been made, at the place where the Quarter Sessions are usually held, or place of public meetings, and shall certify to any other Justice of the Peace the cause of such commitment, and-require him to aflodate himself with him, which the said Justice is hereby required to do, under the penalty of forty pounds; and the said Justices, so affoeiated, shall issue their warrant to summon seven persons, Inch as are liable to serve on ordinary Juries (the Slave Owner or Proprietor of the Slave or Slaves so complained of or the Attorney, Guardian, Overseer, or Manager of such Owner or Proprietor, or the person. prosecuting him, or her Attorney, Guardian, Overseer, or Manager already excepted) personally to be and appear before the said Justices, at the day and place appointed for trial, between the hours of eight and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, and when and where the said Justices shall cause the accused to be brought before them; and thereupon five of the persons so summoned shall (the charge or accufatiod being first reduced ro writing, and read) be (worn to try the matter before them, ann give a verdict according to evidence, which charge or accusation shall not be questioned for any want of form, but shall be deemed valid if fufiicicnc in fubllance; and if the said Jurors shall, upon hearing the evidence, unanimously find the said Slave or Slaves guilty of the offence of which he, she, or they band charged, the said Justices shall give lenience of death, without benefit of Clergy, or transportation for life, according to the nature of the offence,-and shall cause such lenience to be carried into execution at. such time and place as they shall think proper (women with child only excepted, whose execution shall be respited until a reasonable tune alter delivery); provided always nevertheless, that the Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them, residenc upon any of the Islands within this Government (one of whom to be always of the Quorum and Cullos Rotulorum of the island) shall and may hereafter hold Slave Courts upon the first Tuesday in April, July, and October in every year, to continue and beholden for

BAHAMAS. 13 B.

five days successively (if necessary) and not longer, and shall hayc full pqwcr and authority to enquire into, hear, and determine ‘ all and all mariner of felonious offences, committed by Slaves, and shall open the said Court by proclamation, declaring the same to be a Slave Court for such purpose, and that the said Custos Rotulorum and any other Justice shall thereupon, in like manner in* all respect as two Justices associated as hereinbefore mentioned are by this Act authorized and empowered to proceed to try and deliver the tvorkhouse or goal within the Island or Parish ofall Slaves who shall be in custody of the Gaoler or Workhousekeeper, charged with any of the felonious offences hereinbefore mentioned, and shall caufp a Jury to be called and taken from the pannel returned to the said Court forthwith, to be fwdrn,

as they shall appear, to try all and every such Slave as shall be brought before them, charged with any of the aforesaid offences, and to give a true verdict according to evidence as in other cases.

56. Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of any Pro yift. ‘Slave Court, or extraordinary Trial, tc> respite the execution of any sentence by them given for any term not exceeding thirty days, or until the picafyrc $f the Commander in Chief shall be known, in case proper cause shall appear to them for *so doing, or the Jury shall recommend the prisoner to mercy.

57. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That not Not left tlun two Jo.'Here Icfs than two Justices and five Jurors shall constitute a Court for the trial of any Slave or Slaves for any crime or oficncc that shall subject triaiofNcgrotiY such Slave or Slaves to suffer death or transpor tation; and that upon any such trial no peremptory challenge of any Juror, or any exception to the form of indictment, shall be allowed.

v

58. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where ‘In.all cases the punishment of death is to be inflicted, the execution shall be performed in some death public place, and with due solemnity, and care shall be talvcn by the Gaoler, Confta- fl;a°cacthe blc, or Mnt ilial, that the prisoner be free from intoxication at the time of his trial execution and execution, and the mode of such execution-shall be lunging by the neck and no shall be j*er--other, and the body shall afterwardsbe disposed of as the Court shall diprft; provided

-always, that where several Slaves are capitally convicted for the same offence, one only mC P *CC* shall suffer death, except in cases of murder* or rebellion.

59. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave* jpvingfalfcevideiice Slave wilfully giving ftlfc evidence on any trial to be had tinder this (u*rcr \hc fa?c Pa* Act, shall suffer the fame punishment as the person or persons on whole nlail,cPcr oncoa" trial such false evidence was given, would, if convicted, have been liable to

suffer, or such other punishment as the Justices shall award, not extending to life *.or limb.

60. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when In case of death or dif-

uny Slave or Slaves shall be discharged by proclamation, or shall die in *Mar<l)sl or custody, the Marflinl, Gaoler, or Workhousekeeper, shall be entitled to rCeC»ve a?l fce for'such receive out of the public T re a fury all such fees as shall be due for such Slave from the Treasury. .'Slave or Slaves at the time of such discharge or death.

61. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a record shall be A record of entered up of all proceedings upon the trials of Slaves, for any crime that shall be g*"*1* punishable- with death or transportation, in a book to be kept for that purpose by the j:ept ty. t^e

Clerk of the Peace, who is hereby required to attend all such trials, and to record Clerk of the the proceedings within thirty days after such trial, under penalty of twenty pounds Peace, for every such neglect, and he shall be entitled, upon producing the certificate of the Justices, to have and receive out of the public Treasury the sum of three pounds for attending each trial, and for entering up the record, and any other business iu-. cident thereto, and no more.

62. And be it further enacted, That the Constables of the respective Islands and Districts shall be obliged to attend every such trial or Court under the penalty of of Slaves.

’twenty pounds for each neglect, and that the Constable executing any sentence shall under tie Peng, :D [jC naltyof^.eo.

B. 14 SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

No trial dull be had until notice be given to the owners. See. of Slaves’.

Slaves receiving lenience of death. &c. to be valued by the Jury.

be entitled to receive out of the public Treasury the Turn of forty shillings, upon ' producing the certificate of the Justices as aforesaid. '

Persons neglecting or re- 63. And be it further enacted, That any person who shall be drawn and fusing to attend the tmis ^ujy fuirimoned to serve as a Juror on any trial to be had by virtue of £6' av€i> a or eit this Act, and who shall neglect to attend, or after appearance shall depart.

without leave, shall forfeit the sum of six pounds.

64. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no trial of any Slave shall be had, until after reasonable and sufficient notice of such trial shall have been given to the Owner or Proprietor of such Slave, or to his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, or other Representative or Representatives, where any such can be conveniently found within the Colony; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

0

65. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any Slave shall receive fentcoce of death or trailfportation, the Jury shall appraise and value such Slave, and the Justices flmll certify such valuation; provided always, that such valuation shall not exceed in any case sixty pounds for any one Slave, and provided also, if it shall' appear that the Owner or Possessor offoch Slave had*

treated him or her with inhumanity", and that necessity or hard usage-. might have

driven T such Slave to the commission of the offence of which, be or flic shall have.-been convicted, that then and* in such case ho valuation shall be made,'nor certificate-granted, and the Owner shall not be entitled to receive any allowance whatever for such Slave from the public.

Slaves cxc- 66. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where !Tish&»id any Slave valued as aforesaid shall be executed or transported, by virtue of this: Ad, fbro«Cof!hc such Slave shall be paid for at the public expence, and the iice money arising from public trea- the file of any such Slave fold fortfanfportation shallJ be accounted for on oath by fury. the Provost Marshal or his deputy? and' paid oyer to the Receiver. General for the

use of the public.

SUv« returning to these 67. And be it further enacted by the aiuhority aforesaid, That any Negro islandi, after being trani- or other slave who shall be transported from thcfclflantls by virtue-bf this por.e , to u ter ca . an(] Hiatt wilfully return from transportation, shall, upon conviction*

suffer death without any benefit of Clergy.

-When my 6S. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any warrant Slave cannot Hiall be granted by any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace against warrant*'ay W Slave who cannot be taken, the Owner, Attorney, Poflifihr, Guardian, or copy thereof Overseer of every such. Slave, shall be fervcci with a copy of the said warrant, and if ftwtibe he, file, or they do not fend or produce such Slave to the Justice or Justices to bfe Ownerfccrc- ^ea*c v* according to law, and it shall afterwards be proved that such Owner, Ac-0k ’ torney, Guardian, Possessor, or Overseer, wilfully detained or concealed such Slave, he, she, or they shall forfeitihe lum of one hundred pounds

All Negroes, &c. that have go. And be it further enacted, That, all such Negroes, Mulattoes,

free, fhalVfor aluSce* ^ut^ccs» antl Indians, as have been Slavs s, and have been or shall be made under the degte of felony, foe, shall, for all misdemeanors and offences under the degree of felony, be tried in a manner as di- be tried and adjudged in manner and Form hereinbefore directed for the redUd for the trul of Slaves. tr|aj of Slaves, and the evidence of a Slave or Slaves shall be admitted on such trials; any law, ufuage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Offences 70. And whereas misdemeanors and offences of inferior degrees are frequently bySbves, committed by Slaves, which ought to be punished in a summary manner; be it furbelow felony the* sna&ed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, for any two shall be heard Justices of the Peace, in a summary manner, to hear and determine all crimes and *n*n*dbrf roifdemcanors below felony committed by any Slave or Slaves, giving sufficient notice wo Magi?6 to the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves, or his, her, or their Attorney or mtes. e Attornies, or the person having the care of such Slave or Slaves, of the time and

4?

BAHAMAS.

1*

place of trial} and to order and direct such punishment to be inflicted on any such Slave as the said Justices irf their discretion shall think fit, not exceeding fifty iaflies; and the Constable attending such trial, and executing any such sentence, fhnil b?e entitled to have and receive ten shillings, to be paid by the Mdfter, Owner, or PossessoY of such Slave or Slaves, on non-payment whereof it (Hall and may be lawful for the Justices to ifiite their warrants for levying the lame, together with costs and charges.

71. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no run- Runaway Slave to be edrii-away Slave shall oh afiy account be committed to gaol by any Magistrate of j^ofk"ourC|an<l a parish where there shall be a work house established, but to such work-

house only.

72. And be it enacted, That in all cases in which by this prefenc Act, or I" all case* vherc power \i

} r vested in the Justices and

Vestry, such power shall

by any other Act of th^General Assembly, in power ot authority is vested in the Justices and Vdtries, such power and authority shall be executed by bs executed by justices

the Justices or any two of them In 1 Hands where there are no Vestricsj or by where no Vestry 0* the out the Vestrymen or any fix of them in islands where there are no Justices. islandt, or by the Vestry

4 4 " ii no Justsccs thereon.

73. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all forfeitures Rorfcicurw

and penalties-given by. this Act, for which the recovery and application have not notlfcln> been, otherwise directed, shall, if hoc exceeding twenty pounds, be recovered in a oihcrwltcdi-summary way before any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be refled, if not levied; together with costs, by distress and fa!c of the offender’s goods and chattels, exceeding^ and if exceeding twenty pounds,', shall be recovered, together with costs, in the General £Co°vJcd in Court of these islands, by action of debt, bill, plaint, of information, wherein ho a.summary essoign, proreftion, wager of law, or non vult ulterius prosequi, shall be allowed or way, before fcntered, one moiety of which penalties shall be to the use of the parish where the and if offence shall have been committed, and the other moiety to the informer or to him, above £.ao, her, or them, who shall fuc for the same.

in the General Court.

---

[Continuance of this Act.]

74. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every clause, matter, and thing therein contained, shall continue and be in force for and during the term of two years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next session of the General Assembly, and no longer.

Passed the House of Assembly 13th April 1797.

Thomas Rober, Speaker.

Assented to, the 11th May 1797.

John Forbes.

Passed the Council, 5th May 1797.

R. Hunt.

Bahama Islands, New Providence. Secretary's Office.

I do certify, That the above is a true copy from the original Act deposited in this Office.

Adam Chrystie Secy.

<snip>

E. 8 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES.

DOMINICA.

<snip>

An Act to revive and make perpetual an Act of this Island, intituled "An Act for the encouragement, protection, and better government of Slaves."

Whereas an Act of the Legislature of this Island, intituled, "An Act for the encouragement, protection, and better government of Slaves," is expired, and having been found highly beneficial to the colony, it is necessary and expedient to revive and to make perpetual the same. We, your Majesty's dutiful, loyal, and obedient

DOMINICA. 9 E.

subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Dominica, humbly pray your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained:

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the said Act, intituled, "An Act for the encouragement, protection, and better government of Slaves," be and the same is hereby revived, and made perpetual.

Passed the House of Assembly this fifteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Simon Fraser,

Speaker.

F. Collins,

Clerk of the Assembly.

Passed the Council, in the Council Chamber, this fifteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Griffin Curtis,

Clerk of the Council.

Assented to this fifteenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and in the thirty-third year of His Majesty's reign.

James Bruce.

Dominica.—- Duly published in the town of Roseau, this fifteenth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

James Laing,

Provost Marshal.

(A true copy.)

G. Salton,

Acting Secy and Regr.

(3.) In Mr. President Matson’s of the 22d June 1799.

(Copy.)

DOMINICA.

An Act for the Encouragement, Protection, and better Government of Slaves.

[Preamble.]

Whereas the different Acts of this Island, for the government and protection of Slaves are expired; and whereas it is highly expedient that a system of laws for the encouragement, protection, and better government of Slaves, founded on principles of policy, justice, and humanity, should be enacted: We your Majesty's dutiful, loyal, and obedient subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of this your Majesty's Island of Dominica, do humbly pray your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained;

---

[Clause 1.]

[Clause i. Owners, Renters, Managers, &c. of Slaves, shall wholesomely feed, fufHcicndy clothe, comfortably lodge, and provide proper medical adiihnce in, case of sickness, within]

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That every Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of any Slave or Slaves, shall feed or cause to be fed all fuel) Slave or Slaves as shall be under his, her, or their care, with a fnlficienc quantity of good and wholesome food, and shall give them good and-sufficient cloathing, and shall provide dry and comfortable lodging for them; and in case of the sickness of any of the said Slave or Slaves, the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, shall provide for the said Slave or Slaves proper medical affifiance and advice? and the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, shall provide within the boundary of his, her, or their plantation or lot of land, comfortable lodging, wholesome food, and medical assistance for all and every old, infirm, and distempered Slave or Slaves j and if any Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of any Slave or Slaves, shall neglect to feed and clothe his, her, or their Slave or Slaves} or shall

E. 10 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES.

[their Plantations or lots of lands for their said slaves;]

neglect, in case of sickness, to provide for the said Slave or Slaved proper medical orhtvUfor 2HiiIflncc and advice, and comfortable lodging; or shall neglect to provide comforc-ihcirsaid able lodging, wholesome food, and medical assistance for all and every old, infirm, Slaves; and distempered Slave or Slaves, within the-Boundary of his/her* or their plantation or lot of land, such Owner, Renter, Manager, or Over seer, shall-be fined in alum not exceeding one hundred pounds, at. the discretion of three or more Magistraces, for a negkft of any of the regulations laid down by this clause; which sum shall be under the penalty of 1<-’V, CCI % warrant under their hands and feais, on the goods and chattels jQ.ioo. to be 'levied by of the offender or offenders, and directed to any Constable or Constables uiitrefs, and paid imo tKc <jf this Island, and paid into the public Treasury of this Island for tlfe public Treasury. public llfes thereof.

[Preamble.]

And whereas it is expedient, that the Slaves in this Island should be encouraged, as much as possible, in the cultivation of their grounds, for the better subsistence of Clause s. themselves and families j be it and it is hereby further Enacted and

Owners, Renters, &c. of ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the Owner, Renter, Manager, Slaves, shall allot to each or Overseer of such Slave or Slaves, shall have the option of feeding his, of them a pornoacf hnd ]icr or their :Slaves^ by’allowing them a sufficient quantity of good and for cultivation of food, , n r t

and time hr cultivating wholesome food, or by allotting to-each and every of them a sufficient

thereof, over and above portion of land for. that purpose, and certain times for cultivating it, those day5 prescribed; over anc} above the Sundays and holidays herein after prescribed; provided always, that the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, in case under a penalty of^.too. the said Slave or Slaves should not have received proper and sufficient to be lrvied and applied as food and nourishment, shall be fined in a sum not exceeding one hutidred before directed. pounds, to be levied and appropriated in manner and form, as directed

by the first clause of this Act.

Renter*, &c. every Sunday

[Preamble.]

And whereas a knowledge of the doftrincs, and a due attention to the exercise of the duties of the Christian Religion, would tend to improve the morals, and to advance Clause 3. the temporal and eternal happiness of the Slaves; be it and it is hereby

further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all Owners, Renters, Managers, or Overseers, or one of them, shall, on every Sunday, oh their several estates and plantations, and at the moll convenient time of the day, convene together the Slaves of the said clinic or plantation, for the purpose of performing divine worship; and the said Owners, Renters., Managers, or Overseers, shall not fail to exhort all mrfle and female Slaves who may be unbaptized, to receive the holy sacrament of baptism j and all the unbaptized children of Slaves shall, afrer the publication of this Act, receive the said faeramcnc of baptism; and on negkft of the performance of chefe duties, the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer,* shall be fined in any sum not lcfs than ten pounds, rjo’r more than twenty-five pounds, to be recovered. and appropriated in manner and form as directcdLy the first clause of this Act.

Owners, ftiilil,

c.'itveuc their Slaves for divine worftiip; snd' exhort i.:cm to baptu’m, and cause their children to be baptised;

under a penalty r.o: less than £. jo. nonmorc than jC,25*

Clause 4. Owners, &c. shall exhort their Slaves, when of 111a-turhy, to Christian ‘ marriage; under £.5. penalty.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all Owners, Renters, Managers, or Overseers of all the Slaves who may be arrived at the years of maturity, and who may be desirous of entering in to a connubial Hate, shall encourage and exhort such Slave or Slaves to receive the ceremony of marriage, as instituted under the forms of the Christian Religion; and, iri neglect of doing so, the said Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer, shall be subject to a fine of five pounds, to be recovered and appropriated in manner and form as prescribed by the first clause of this Act.

[Preamble.]

And whereas a relaxation from labour on certain days in the year, and an indulgence in innocent recreations and amusements, would tend to improve the health, and CJ add to the contentment of the Slaves; be it and it is hereby further

sw;(HooV‘stm«., enacted and ordamed by the authority sforefuUI, That the Slaves in this Stock Keepers, and Watch. Jfiand, (House Servants, Stock-keepers, and Watchmen excepted) shall mca excepted) Hull be not be required to labour for their Mailers and Owners on any Sunday

DOMINICA.

Jr>

ii E.

throughout the year, on Christmas-day, New Year's-day, Good Friday, exempted from labour on and the fifteenth day-of August; and *in case any one of the said holidays ^unday» Christmas-day, should fall one on a Sunday, then the Wednesday following is to be allowed and August »?th

such Slave or Slaves in lieu of such Sunday'. ' 2 J

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, Clause <5. That any Slave or Slaves oh any Plantation, Or in any house in the said Wand, are Slave* may hereby permitted, by and with the consent and approbation of the said Owners,

Renters, Managers, or Overseers of the said Slaves on each and every estate and mufieforthe plantation in the said I-stand, and-by and with a written permission of any two Magis- ‘purpose of traces in any pfehe towns of the said island, to life any instrument of music for the purpose of dancing, or in the indulgence of any innocent amusement,; provided the said anuircmenu cjancing and amusemems are not allowed to continue after the setting of the fun, if in hc^otufedaf-the town of Jftofcau, or after eight o’clock in the evening, if on plantations; and in jer sun-set in case of the non-observance of any of the said regulations, the said Owner, Renter,

Manager, or Overseer, of the said Slave or Slaves, or the Constable or Constables in inthccven-the towns of this Jflnncl, shall be fined, (thac is to say) all Owners, Renters, Mana- ing on planners, and Overseers, fomeglefb of any of the regulations contained in this and the fore- Wl01}*’w,th going clause, in alum not exceeding twenty pounds;.and every Constable or Constables r^®" shall be fined in a sum not under twenty shillings, nor above five pounds, for neglect of the regulations laid down by this clause, and not preventing and putting a stop to such dancing, after having received information thereof; the Bid fine or fines xo be recovered, uporl conviction before one or more Justices of the Peace, and appropriated in manner* and form as directed by the first clause of this Act.

PrcaRib'c.

And, in order to iccure, as far as possible, the good treatment of the Slaves, and to Clauic 7. ascertain the cause of the decrease of the Slaves, if any such there may be; be it, and &c

it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That every Owner, of Slaves, to* Renter, Manager, or Overseer of any Slave or Slaves, on every estate and planca- make a ce/ti-tion in this Island, or some one of them, shall, in the month of January in every year, 6c«c a"‘i deliver in on oath, before any Justice of the Peace for this'! Hand, a certificate of the nu*UyCaHft of incrcnfe or decrease of the Slaves under his, her, or their directi on, how many have been birth* and born; or how many have died, within twelve months previous therero, an tithe cause of deaths offci* the death of such Slave or Slaves, to the bed of his, her, or their knowledge and belief;

Which certificate shall be lodged within ten days after the dace thereof in the Secrc- judged in the tary's office of this jstand, for the filing of which the Secretary ftnll be allowed the Clerk Regis-fec of nine pence currency for each certificate; and if any O wher, Renter, Manager, «r'* office; or Overseer, (ballfail to deliver in the said certificate on oath at the time appointed by this clauic, he, she, or they ffiail be fined in the sum of fifty pounds current money, to £.50. to be be recovered and appropriated in manner prescribed by the first clause of this Act. appropriated

as aforesaid.

And whereas it is necessary to ascertain and fix a proper distinction in the gr ida- Preamble, dons and local conferences of crimes committed by the Slaves in this Island, with Clause punishments annexed and corref|.or ding the reco; be it and it is hereby further enacted ^!ive? c?n’ and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all and every Slave or Slaves, who rob,

shall be convicted of the wilful murder, or who shall have been accessary thereto, of bery, b’ur-any white person, free person of colour, or Slave, or who shall be convicted of robbing glvy, orfet-any person, of whatever description or colour, ,on the high and public roads of this Island, or who shall have been accessary thereto, or who shall be convicted of dehbe* c/canc-0* rarely breaking open any dwelling-house or (lore, and robbing therefrom, or who shall pice«» or *c-have been accessary thereto, or who shall be con v idled of having let fire to any house, ceflary rh«re-ourhyufe, store building, or cane-piece, or who shall have been accessary thereto, shall death. fufter death.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, Clsufo y. '1-hat any Slave or Slaves who shall be convicted of having struck a white person,or who Slave* shall be conviifted of having struck a free person of colour, being his, her, or their Master or Mistress, or who shall be convicted of a theft or robbery to any amount above Matter or five pounds, or who shall have been accessary thereto. Or who Audi be convicted of Mistrefi, or

I;9. any of theiV,2h.

E. ii

SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES.

way robbery, or house? breaking, kc (hid I-suffer death,or such other punish* ment as may seem meet, to the discretion of the Court;

Clause jo.

Slaves assembling for mutinous or dangerous purposes, and refusing to disperse by the order of any white person;

the ringleader to suffer death; and the others such punishment as may- seem meet, to the discretion of the Court.

[Preamble.]

any attempt ,to rob oh, die High-or public roads oTth'is Colony, or whoffjalibecqn-vicded of an attempt to Tet fire to any house, outhouse, building, orcanepiece, or who shall be convicted of breaking openariy house, ouchouse; or building,-with an intention of robbing therefrom, or who shall have been accessary thereto, shall Tuffcf: death* or such other punishment by banishment or, public, whipping, on the bare breech, as shall be inBijfted upon him, her, or them, at the discretion,of the Court* instituted by the Act for the trial of such offenders; provided such public whipping: do not exceed-the number of thirty-nine laflics.

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That any Slave or Slaves Who shall. assemble at any time for mutinous and other dangerous purposes, and who shall refuse to disperse and go peaceably home to their different houses and plantations when orderedTo to do by any white person whatever, and who shall be cohyided thereof, the ringleader or principal offender shall suffer death, ..and the' others, according to the gradation ofrheir crimes, shall suffer death, or such other punishments by banishment or public flogging-oh the bare breech, provided stich flogging do not exceed the number of thirty?hine iaflies; all \vhidi punishments shall be at the discretion of the Court instituted by this law. for the-trial of such offenders.

And whereas it frequently happens that Slaves afTume the art of vicehcfaft, pr are what is commonly called Obeah or Doctor Men, and, under pretence of a gift-.of supernatural powers, do influence the minds, of-weak and credulous Slaves, and frequently stimulate them to acts of munny-or rebellion against their Matters, Renters, Managers j and Overseers* and administer cer-tajik drugs, 'orpoti'q'hs of a secret. arid; generally of a poisonous nature, as well to Slaves as to free people of every description j

Clause

to supernatural powers, to be committed to the public gaol, by their Owners, Renters, &c.

i i. be it and it is^hereby further enacted and ordainedby^the authority aforesardi.

Slaves practising the art of That any:owner, Renter; Manager, and Overseer of any: Slave or Slaves, witchcraft, dr pretending o'r ?ny white ppriQnAvh atever, who shall;discover afriy- Slave df;Siav«.^irac-

tifing any of the above arts, andpretjdhcjifig' 'to- any;iupern2£urai‘_ pbwerfc,:hfe. the iaid Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer ihaff cause the said Slave Of Slaves to be committed to the public gaol of this Islandj and thenand there to-be-dealt with agreeable to the twelfth and thirteenth daufej of this-A'd,j and upon- conviction-of the said Slave or Slaves of the aforesaid crimes,- he, flie, or they shall suffer death, of such other punishment, at the discrejtion of the Court, by bariifriment and flogging on the bare breech, as to the said Courtenay Teem meet.; provided the said flogging do not exceed the number of thirty-nine kibes.

And whereas the right of trial by Jury, in all criminal cases, is consonant to the spirit of the British Constitution j be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, T(iat withirii te.n days after any Slave or SlaveS^ftifpeft^d having* committed any; of the crimes mentioned in the eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh clauses of :tlns Act fhalT have been cdmniitted'to the public gaol’ of this I Hand; by the warrant of any Magistrate, the Provost Marshal, Or life lawful Deputy, shall give notice to any1 five of the Justices Of the-Peace then in the townof R'ofeau, or in the neighbourhood of the said town, of the trial of such. Slave or Slaves being' to come oh at any tiimfe not exceeding three days froriff the time of ffrch notice, and shall also cause to be summoned any twelve of the neighbouring, Freeholders, Least-holders, Merchants and’ Traders* or respectable housekeepers iirthe town of'ROleau, who are hereby required to attend', tindbf the penalty of thirty-three iftiliings for each, default, to be recovered by warrant of the Justices forming the said Court, directedlo the Provost M^tflial, or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby authorized4 and required to levy the same on tb.e goods and chattels of the defaulter j. and in case, ofinot finding such goods and chattels, to take the body of such defaulter, and to confine hirm in the public gaol until he shall have paid; his fine and colt's; provided, always, that it. shall be in the power of the Court to excuse the payment of such. fine pr fineson.a,

shall; suffer. death, or such other punishment as may seem meet, to the discretion of the-Courr.

[Preamble.]

Claulea 2. Within ten days after Slaves ara committed for crimes, specified in-claofes-8, 9, 19; and ji; the Marshal toTummori a Court and Jury.

Jury tost?,end; onb^ingfum-moned, under the Penalty of 33l.

6

DOMINICA.

1-2 E.

reasonable cause shewn by such defaulter* and; the Brovoft Marftial fliaHbe entitled. MarlhaPs to a fee of for ty-nine shillings and sixpence. For giving notice to the1 Justices, Turn- ce> 4 hioning the jury., and attending the Courtwith a proper crier.

And be it and it is hereby Further ^nadled and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That any three or more Justices being met shall constitute a Court of Record, and shall cause the Clerk of the 'Grown to attend, who shall make a record of all the proceedings against Slaves, in all cases mentioned-in the four foregoing clauses, for attending which Court, and making such record, the Clerk of the Crown -{Hall be entitled to a fee of four dollars.; and the said Court so being met, may proceed to such trial} and any fix of the above-rrientioned Freeholders, Leaseholders, Merchants, and Traders, orrespectable Housekeepers, being firftduly sworn, {Hall constitute a. jiirvi whose unanimous verdict shall determine the fade alleged against the Slave or Slaves To to be tried} after having first heard the evidence produced for and against such Slave or deathTor Slaves, to all which-they shall give such credit as they in their consciences think due crimes speci-and that upon the jury finding such Slave or Slaves guilcy of the enme of \vhich Mbyclaufes 'he, she, or theyIftarid accused, then shall the said Court pronounce sentence of death for ail Rich crimes as are specified in the eighth-elause of this Act, and sentence of pAi foments} death, or such other punishments for crimes as are Specified in the ninth, tenth, and as such Court eleventh clauses of this Act, ^s to such Court ;shall seem meet-} provided: al ways, that MI Teem stich Court pafring Tentence for capitar crimes or Tmailer offenceSj shall noc in any case |lee£ . :prefumet6,pfefcHbe mpdes of execution,-or- tto iriflidt punishments unknown to the stary'to’the* lawsof England for similar crimes and offences (except in such cases, as are<by this law jaws of Eng-. prescribed Wandincafeof-cheacqulttal of the said Slave or Slaves} the fees ftuli be paid* land 10 be »n-

arA«j i__

by the Colony

Clause 13. Three Justices shall constitute a Court.

Clerk of the Crown to attend.

The Court may adjudge

frt

flfeted thereby;

And whereas a too fi equent ’arid troublesome attendance to fry the inferior offences Clause.14. committed by the Slaves-would beinconveriient-to the iritefeft of the Planter, Mer- Slaves con-chant, and others, and it may be necessary and politic to pumfh the irifenor crimes ^fft^rob and misdemeanors of Slaves on a summary conviction.} be it and it is hereby further bery’.gross enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid>Thac every Slave or Slaves who insults to Thall beconvidled on evidence delivered- before two or more of His Majesty's Justices vvb'te or of the Peacp for the fifid Island, of having committed, thefts or robberies to any fokur^rfeti amount tinder five pounds, or who {Hall be convicted-as aforesaid, Qf,a«empting to ting fire 16 ftfike, or of menacing of of grossly infujting.a white peribri or ,persons, ;or of buildings, 'ftfiking or of grossly Jnfuldng.a free, person or persons/of 'colour* of who (Hall be convicted of shaving from' carelessness and inattention fee fire to any building or cane-piece, pr who shall be convicted of quarrelling, fighting, breeding riots, or other offences and misdemeanors against the persons and pro- to be punished by public perty of the inhabitants of this Iflancj, such Slave of ‘ Slaves shall be flogging on the breech, ipunished by public flogging oii the bare breech} at the discrecioii. of such ;noc excecdinS thirty-nine 'Justices of the Peace, provided such flogging do not exceed the numoer lashes of thirty-nine lashes.

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That no Slave or Slaves within this island} shall carry any 'fire-arms or any unlawful" weapon, without wricteri permission frorii the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of fufchSlave or Slaves, nor 'shall any Slave or Slaves presume to fire any gun, great of small, on any pretence whatever, without leave of the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer } and if it should so happen that any Slave or slaves ihouki of a breach of this tlaiife, such Slave or Slaves, upon conviction before tw Justices of the Peace, shall receive a flogging on the bare breech, not ‘thirty-nine lashes iri number;

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority Ckufe 16

aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be detedled in felling or dif- ‘c-lling or

__r c r 1 r r n- or ° dUroung ot tusar or tugar

poling of any sugar or sugar canes, syrup or fl»ng cofree, cotton-, cocoa, canes,ffrup^fling cojftc, rum, or molnfles, the fame, together with the said Slave or Slaves, shall cotton,'.cocoa, or mobiles, and may be seized by any person or persons whatever. Freeman or Slave, the fame, yitn luck Slaves, - -,10. C D an(| maybefeKedbyaoJFree-

Clause ij.

Slaves shall not carry firearms or any unlawful weapons without written per-nulfion from Owners, &c. &c. iior firo great or.Tmal! gun? without such leave.

be guilty o or more exceeding

E. 14

SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES.

nun or Slave, and carried bt fore a Justice to be commuted to gaol.

Magistrates or Confiafclcs may iVize canes f r ir ie m markets, (hops, &c. Sellers, if free periods, to be fmed’in jor, recoverable by distress; sf Slaves to bepu-rnlhcd by ^.ubhe fiegging.

Provided nulling shall extend to prevent Slaves, with their Manager’s certificate from Gilfofing of their own Stock.

and carried before any Justice of the Peace, who foal} commit the said Slave or Shaves to the common gaol bf this island, and foal! give notice thereof to the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of the said Slave or Slaves.; and on conviction, of the said Slave or Slaves before two or more Justices, the said Slave or Slaves shall be punifoed, at the discretion of the Justices, with any number of la foes not exceeding thirty-nine; and it shall and may be lawful for any Magistrate or Constable to seize or cause to be seized any canes exposed to sale in the markets or Popps, or elsewhere, in this Island; and if the parties do not give a satisfactory account how he, she, or they came by the said canes, if.a white or free person or persons, he, she, or they shall be subject to a fine, not exceeding thirty shillings, at the discretion of two Magistrates, to be recovered by warrant of distress; and if a Slave or Slaves, to be publicly whipped, at the discretion of two Magistrates, such whipping not to exceed thirty-nine lafoes;. provided nevertheless, that nothing contained in this clause shall be understood to prevent the Slave or Slaves of this Island from disposing of the produdlions of their gardens and flock, under a written permit signed by the Owner, Renter, Manager, or Overseer of the said Slave or Slaves.

[Preamble.]

And, in order that the intentions of justice in the discovery of truth

Clause 17. should not be frustrated by the cunning or-obstinacy of Slaves; be it^and

blaves refunng to give jt ishereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid; That

by"\\1aoTilratest CtoUPbe any Slave or Slaves who foall refuse or-evade to give evidence when^called punished° by public flog- upon by a Magistrate or Magistrates, either in or ouc of any Court o'f S‘nS* Record in this Island for that purpose, such Slave or Slaves, for such contempt, foall suffer a punishment at the discretion of two or more Magistrates; by public flogging on the bare breech, provided such flogging, 'does not exceed the number of thirty-nine iafoes.

[Preamble.]

And whereas the welfare and fafetyo.f the inhabitants of this Colony depends upon the hojhefty, obedience, and industry or the Slaves; and whereas the inferior crimes of Slaves incompatible with the interest of the Planter, and the internal management and discipline of a plantation, cannotalways be conveniently brought before the cog-Clause 18. nizance of the Magistrates; be it and it. is hereby further enacted tfrid Slaves aif^b.ying orders ordained by the authority aforesaid, That every Slave or Slaves whb foall °lr thorr \?ho CshallRrobeor disobey the order of his, her, or their Owner, Renter, Manager, or CDver-plunder others property, seer, or who shall rob or plunder the property of another, or whd be guilty of drunkenness, shall be 'guilty of drunkenness, quarrelling, fighting, neglect of duty, ’quarrelling, fighting, ab- absence fr0;T1 labour, or absence from. *his, 'her, or their plantation,

at any *ne without Pass by the Owner, Itenrer,

able at their Owners, Manager, or Overseer of the said-Slav'e or Slaves, fpbcifymgthe dayana Renters, or Managers d-.r- days which is or are intended to be given to the said 'Slave or Slaves, pr cretin by floggin^ on Mu- any other misdemeanor whatever, such Slave or Slaves shall be pUnifoccl lassi«!" n°C ,ng 39 abthe discretion of his, /her, or their Owner, Renter, Manager; or Overseer, by* confinement or flogging on the bare breech, provided the number MTflMnent,noi<pTJcribe^ °^a^‘es does not exceed thirty-nine;, and the Owner, Renter, Manager, by utis A el, are liable to a or Overseer who foall inflict any punishment not prescribed by this A 65, penalty ot £. 20. shall be subject to a-.penalty not exceeding twenty pounds current money

of this Island, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in-any of His Quarrels among Slaves to MajestyVCourts of Record in this Island; and in case any ;petty offences,

ftc^an amicabie Vman- Quarrels, and differences, should arise between the Slave or Slaves of different uer. plantations, if the O whers, Renters, Managers, or Overseers.-be not able to

settle the fame in an amicable manner, then and in such case the Slaye<or Slaves shall be carried before the near*, ft Magistrate, who foall settle and adjust the same as to the said Magistrate may appear most agreeable to justice; and: in case the fame cannot be decided by the authority of the said Magistrate, then the offending Slave or Slavesfoali be committed by a Magistrate to the common gaol, to be tried agreeably to the twelfth and thirteenth or fourteenth clause of this.Ad.

rAn'cl

DOMINICA. 15 E,

[Preamble,

And whereas it is just and proper that the Slaves should be protected in their persons from the violence and inhumanity of such white persons and free persons of colour, who may have, no lawful authority over them, or who may exert such authority in an unjustiffable or cruel manner; be. it and it is hereby further. Clause 19. enabled and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any white person or White or free persons of persons, free person or persons of colour whatever, shall be convicted of the c°i°utr convicted of the wilful murder, of any Slave or Slaves, or shall be accessary thereto,such white ^!aj" ^.jV. aVC*

person or persons, or free person or persons of colour, shall suffer death,

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, Clause 20. That any white person or persons* free person or persons of Free persons or persons of colour, who shall be convicted of maiming, defacing, or mutilating or colour convicted of maim-crudly torturing, or caufipg to maim, deface, mutilate, or cruelly torture in.S. or,-CnUfly> lorl"rl"S any Slave, shall be inijirifoiled for a term not exceeding three months, th^e?,months, C or TnccTa or fined in any sum hot exceeding one hundred pounds current money of sum not exceeding £. too this !stand, and to-continue in confinement until the said fine shall be paid.; currency, which fine shall be appropriated in manner directed by the first clause of this Act.

Clause zu

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That any white person or persons, free person or persons of White or free persons

colour, who shall be guilty of striking or severely beating any Slave or guilty of striking or severe-

Slaves, the property of another, or of depriving any such Slave or Slaves |ferr?ofn?t

of any property in his, hef, or their possession, he, file, of they, on being iag such of their property,

convicted offiich offence or offences before any three or more Justices of fr nli,ohconviction, be fined

the Peace, shall be fined in,any sum hoc exceeding thirty pounds, besides "J a 1"um n?c exce«ling

making full restitution of any property.; which, fine shall be recovered by *‘3°'

warrant under the hands and seals of the said three or more Justices of the Peace, directed to the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby authorized and required to levy the same on the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders;

and in cafo of not finding any such goods of chattels, then to take such offender or offenders into custody, anfeonfine him, her, of them in the common gaol, until-he, flie,

or they shall have paid his-fine, and fees; provided always, that this clause Provided nothing extend*

"shall not be under (food tb^extend to any person. or persons taking, goods «> the depriving them of

from a Negro on suspicion or knowledge of such..goods. being stolen, or folcA 200.dns’ i. j i r J ct’of torches, or-improper wea-

the depriving the daid Slave or Slaves of any dangerous-fire-arms, or torch, ppas.

or improper weapon.

Clause 22.

[Preamble,

And, in order to protect the domestic and connubial Jtappiness of Slaves be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That any white person-or free person of colour whatever, who shall Whne or free persons, &c. take away and cohabit with the wife or wives of any Slave or Slaves in this [he'mves of Slavesf shall; Island, shall, on conviction thereof before any three or more Magistrates, on conviction, be fined in a be subject to a line not exceeding the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered sum not exceeding £.50.

and appropriated :in manner and form as is directed by the* first clause of this Act.

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be convicted. and executed by virtue of this Act, the Owner of such Slave or Slaves shall be paid out of the public Treasury of this Island the value of such Slave or Slaves, Which value shall be settled by the oaths of two credible white persons, being freeholders or leaseholders, that knew the Slave or Slaves so executed, which oath shall be sworn before Tome Justice of the Peace of this Island, and such oath and value to be certified by the said Justice of the Peace under his hand and seal; provided the value ro be paid does not exceed sixty pounds current,money of this Island.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That in case any Slave or Slaves iliail wilfully kill another Slave

Clause 23.

The value of Slaves convicted and executed by virtue of this Act, to be paid to their Owners out of the public Treasury,.o,i the oaths of two Freeholders or Leaseholders, provided such value does not exceed £.60 currency.

Chufeap Slaves convicted of killing other Slaves, the value of

TE. V6

SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES.

such lofrto be paid out of the public Treasury; one 'moiety thereof to the Owners of the coavi&s, and the other to the Owners of the Slaves killed.

Value not to exceed £ 60 currency.

or Slaves, and "be thereof convicted* the value of the Slave or Slaves so con* vifted shall be paid out of the public Treafucyof this Island, one moiety to the Owner or Owners, Renter or Renters, of the Slave or Slaves con* vifted, and the other moiety to the Owner or Owners. Renter or Renters, of the Slave or Slaves killed, so as the value of any one Slave does not exceed sixty pounds current money .; the value to be ascertained by the two MagUtraces who shall try such offending Slave or Slaves.

Clause 25. White or free persons of colour, convictca of tile murder of Slaves, the Owners of such Slaves shall be paid their Value from the effects of the murderer.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any white person or free person of colour, Pnaii be convicted of the murder of any Slave or Slaves, the Mailer or Owner of the Slave so murdered shall receive the full value thereof from the effects of the said white person; or free person of colour, which value shall be immediately ascertained on the oath of competent persons, who may have known the Slave or Slaves so murdered, before the said Court, whereupon a judgment shall be entered against the offender onJuch conviction, for the appraised value of the said Slave or Slaves; and the said Court are to award execution on such judgment, to be levied by the Provost Marshal or His Deputy,-in the same manner as executions issued out of the Court of Common Pleas are levied; and in-case the goods and chactels, lands and tenements, of the said white person, or person of colour, are not equal to the amount of sixty pounds current money for each Slave so murdered, then and in such case the said Owner or Owners of the said Slave or Slaves so Deficiency of effc£U to be murdered shall be entitled to receive from the public Treasury as much as the Public is necessary to make up any deficiency'in the said sum of sixty pounds; or if the said white person, of free person of colour, has no effects of any kind whatever, then the Owner or Owners of the said Slave or Slaves shall be entitled to receive from the public Treasury, for each Slave so murdered, a sum not exceeding sixty pounds current money of this Island.

mads good by Treasury.

If-no effects, the Sum of £. 60 to be allowed out of the public Treasury.

Clause 26. The Owners of Slaves sentenced to banishment by-virtue of this Act, to receive a recompence from the Treasury.

And be it and it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be sentenced to banishment by virtue of this Act, the Owner or Owners of the said Slave or Slaves shall be entitled to receive, as a recorn-pence for the said Slave or Slaves, from the public Treasury of this Island, any sum not exceeding sixty {sounds current money for each of the said Slave or Slaves so-banished, which sum shall be ascertained by two competent judges, and the sum which may arise from the public sale of the said Slave or Slaves sold by’ the Broyofl Marshal, or‘his lawful Deputy, under ieritence of banishment, after deducting his fees, shall be paid into the public Treasury of this Island; and in-case theamoiirit of the sale of the said Slave or Slaves may be above sixty pounds, current money, then »the Provost Marshal shall return the overplus, after, deducing all legail fees, to the Owner or Renter of the said Slave or Slaves.

[Preamble.]

And whereas the Slaves in this Island, on the different days allotted them for Holidays, by virtue of this Act; may become riotous and disorderly, from the absence. of the Managers or Overseers of the plantations and estates in this Island, and to prevent Clause 27. the mischiefs arising therefrom; be it and ic is hereby further enacted and

Overseers of Plantations ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any Overseer in this Island abft:ming themselves on shall absent hiirfelf from the estate under his care and management on any

of particular holidays liereinbefore mentioned, or on any Sunday (ex-.duty excepted,) without *.cept during the time of Divine Service, or his being on military duty) leave of their Employers, without leave of his Employer, every such Overseer so offending shall for

to forfeit £5. to be recover- every offence forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by in-cany information on oath, formation upon oath before any Justice-of the Peace, in a summary way, L>r°clahfe^i 35 "*n parish where such offence shall happen, to be recovered and ap- " e y ‘ propriated in manner and form prescribed by the first clause of this Act; any

law, custom, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Th;' Act ^continue in And *3e 'c anc^ *s ^erc^y further enacted and ordained by the authority force for three Years, and aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in force for three years thirty days after meeting of from

DOMINICA. 17 E.

[the Council and Assembly.]

from the publication hereof, and from thence till thirty days after the then next meeting of the Council and Assembly of this Island.

Passed the House of Assembly, third day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

John Gillon,

Speaker, pro temp.

Thomas Beech, Junior,

Clerk of the Assembly.

Passed the Council, in the Council Chamber, this seventeenth day of December, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

Griffin Curtis,

Clerk of the Council.

Assented to this twenty-third day of December one thousand seven hundred and, eighty-eight, and in the twenty-ninth year of His Majesty's reign.

J. Orde.

Dominica. - Duly published in the town of Roseau, this twenty-third day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

W. Pagan,

D. P. M.

<snip>

DOMINICA. 29 E.

<snip>

(Copy.)

An Act of the Legislature of the Island of Dominica, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining the number of Slaves in this Island, and of such as may have been imported from Africa, within three Years last past; and of the Deaths of and Births from such imported Slaves; and also the Deaths and Births of all other Slaves in the Island, during that period."

DOMINICA.

[Preamble.]

Whereas it Hath been represented by his Honour the Commander in Chief, that an humble Address hath been presented to His Majesty, by the House of Commons of Great Britain, requesting, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions to the Governors of His Majesty's plantations, in the West Indies, to transmit an Account, specifying, as far as the same can be ascertained, the number of the Slaves in those Islands, and also the number of Slaves imported from Africa within three years last past; and of the deaths of and births from such imported Slaves; and also the deaths and births of all other Slaves in the said Islands, during that period. We, therefore, your Majesty's loyal and obedient subjects, the Commander in Chief, and the Council and the Assembly of this Island, do enact and ordain:

[Clause 1.]

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the following persons shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners in the town of Rofeati, and in the several* parishes of this likind; for performing the duties herein after directed and*'laid upon ’them r that is to' say, for the town of Roseau,. Robert Reid, John Wardrobe, Henry dohllable, John Lundip, James Dodd-s esquiresj for the pariflv of Saint; ' George} --T*H6in'!(s: 'Gb'u'rts Anthony Bacon Richardson, i Gjoquet Le. Gjjandj. iand.And^y JaH)> e/quir;e.',$ for; the parish of Saine f PauL'.JoH/n Dpwndcsi.John- Corleti.'and Raypiond St. Acromant, inquires j, for the parish of Saint Joseph, Alexander Hepdejfon^ an^ j jenderson, elqpircs/> fbj

the parish of Saint Peter, Thomas Beech, Joseph Grano, and Bruno Marceau, esquiresj for the parish of Saint John and town of Portsmouth, John Trotter,

William Wilbraham, and Robert Bell, esquiresj for the parish of Saint Andrew in the West division, Hugh Gould, and Patrick- Moore, esquires, and for the Knit division of the said parish, Joseph Burton, and Thomas Simpson, esquiresj for the parish ot Saint David, James, Bruce, and ’ Dorigny, esquiresj for the parish of Saint Patrick in the East division, Anthony Bertrand, and Pierre Dubocque, esquires, and for the West division of the said Parish, Douglas, and

Hill* esquiresj for the parish of Saint Mark, Joseph. Duftiufay, and Alexander Mac Bean, esquiresj for the parish of Saint Luke, Christopher Robert, and John Baptiste Scrranq esquires.

*19. 5 PI 2. And

:e.

Clause 2.

V

Clause 3.

E. 30 SLAVE TRADE - WEST INDIES.

[Clause 2.]

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or some of them, shall, within twenty Days after the publication of this Act, issue their warrant in their respective districts, in the following form; viz.

DOMINICA.

iBy

Commissioners appointed 'for' ascertaining ;tlleJ number of Slaves ih tHis iftahd,-’&C;

Constables of the parish of

Youcare hereby required and commanded, immediately on the receipt hereof, to summon all and every the Proprietors, Renters, or Possessors of Slaves, in the pari Ih of to appear‘.before-us. at,

oh the tthemand there to deliver in upon oath, a fulland' correct

account or enumeration of his, her, of their Slaves, both young and old, distinguishing the males from the females-; and also distinguishing the number of Slaves imported from Africa, and bought by Him, her, or them, within three years lafirpaft; and the deaths of, and births, from such-importe&Slayes, within the said time-; and also the deaths arid-births of all others..his, her, or-their Slaves during thac period, agreeably to an Act of this iilancj, for ascertaining the number of Slaves, in this Island, &c. leaving at. the house, of each person. so Summoned a copy of this '-warrant in French and English. '

Given under our hands arid fealsthis day of in the year of our Ilord^drie

'ithousandr seven hundred and ninetyrhine.

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That-if any Proprietor, Renter, or Possessor. of Slave or Slave, his; her, or their Manager1 or Attorney, shall neglect or refuse; after having Been duly summoned as aforesaid,1 and proof thereof made upon oath by the Christable; tO'appeaf bGfdre^the Tafd Commissioners, or some or one of theni, at' the place and* tirhe By > thenv ippoinfed} and then and there to deliver- in upon oath ('which oath, the Ml GbhVmlP-(loners,-of either of them, are -.oris hereby authorized* to-'administer)* a- full* and correct account or eriuifieration of alhliis; her; or their Slavesiiri ithe-^rriannef^rfd form particularly directed by the; said- frimfhbns} such Proprietor Renter, or Po£ fessor of Slave or ^Slavesjdliall be fined in;the:fum/of*.fifty ;pounds,?to^be immediately .-levied by warrant or warrants, under the-ibnds and'.feais^f. the/aidl Commiffipners^or dome or one-of thenrj; directed to the P.rov oft Mafihal, in the nature of aiLexecution out of the Court of Common Pleas, which-warrant or warrants the said Provost Marshal. fltali and he is hereby directed-and required tOvexecute in due manner, and to pay thedaid fine into thefpublic Treasury for the public uies of the colony;

[Clause 4.]

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the said- Commissioners, in making the :said *account or enumeration^ - and in ' ifia bing itheir Return,‘fhalPmakeufe of1, the following form:

DOMINICA. 31 E.

[note: form in here.]

NUMBER of SLAVES in the Parish of - taken in conformity to the Act for ascertaining the Number of Slaves, &c.

[Heading in here.]

[Clause 5.]

And be it and it is hereby enabled and ordained, by the authority aforesaid, That one hundred and twenty copies of the above form shall be printed with all speed, and distributed among the Commissioners 'before named by the Clerk of the Assembly j and that the said Commissioners shal), and they are hereby required and directed, within twenty days from the time of issuing their said warrant* to complete the said lift or enumeration of Slaves, and return the fame, together with a duplicate thereof duly certified under their hands* into the Treasurer’s Office of this liland j and the Treasurer is hereby required, as soon as such Returns are completed, to deliver the lime, of the duplicates thereof to the Commander in Chief, to be by him transmitted to His Majesty's Ministersi

E

‘Chuse 7,

E. 32 SLAVE TRADE - WEST INDIES.

[Clause 6.]

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the Constables, jfor the duties enjoined them by this Act, shall be paid in the same manner as Constables are directed to be paid ior summoning the inhabitants under' the Way-warden Ad-of ^hisjfland.

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That this^ Ad, together with the form of the Returns prescribed, and the Commissioners warrant*, shall be printed at the public expence of the Golony, and {he Treasurer is hereby authorized to;.pay for the same.

Thomas B&cb,

;Speaker,*pro temp.

Passed the House o!* Assembly this eighth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninty-nine.

Collm, *J -

{Clerk of the Assembly.

Passed the Council this eleventh day of October, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninty-nine.

G. Saltqi,

».AdingiClerk of the Council.

Assented to-this eleventh day-of Ddober, in the* year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninty-nine.

J.'MatJon,:

: President andii Commander in Chief.

Jbcminka:

Puly published in the town of Roseau, thisJ eleventh day of . October, one thousand seven hundred and ninty-nine.

John Lucas-, Ai-P/iM.

(A true copy.)

G. Salton, A. S. & R.

DOMINICA. 33 E.

<snip>

GRENADA. 7 F.

"An ACT for the better protection, and for promoting the natural increase and population of Slaves within the Island of Grenada, and such of the Grenadines as are annexed to the Government thereof; for compelling an adequate provision for, and care of them, as well in sickness and old age, as in health, and for constituting and appointing Guardians to effectuate and carry into execution the regulations and purposes of this Act."

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws heretofore made for the protection of Slaves, and for divers other of the benevolent purposes intended by this present Act, having been temporary, are expired, and humanity and the interest of the.Colony jequire ithat the same, or other equally salutary and sufficient regulations and provisions, should be adopted and ordained, for rendering the servitude and labour of Slaves as limited and easy as possible, and for promoting the natural increase of their population, as the most likely means of removing, in a course of time, the necessity of further importations of Slaves from Africa: And whereas these desirable ends cannot be more effectually attained, than-by compelling the Owners and Masters of Slaves sufficiently and properly to lodge, feed, clothe, and maintain them, as well during health and their capacity to labour, as in time-offickn?fs, void age, and infirmities, by prescribing reasonable bounds to the power of Masters and others having the charge of Slaves., by introducing them to the knowledge of the Christian Religion, and affording them opportunity of improving in Morality; and ,by constituting a proper tribunal of Guardianship, for the hearing, examination,

and redress of their grievances, and security of their rights and immunities hereby granted and established: May it therefore please the King’s most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained;

And be it and it is hereby enacted by his Excellency Charles Green, esquire, Cleafe r. ^Captain General and Governor-in-Chief of the island of Grenada, and the Grenadines annexed to the Government thereof the honourable *the Members of the Council, and the Representatives of the people of the said Islands, in General Assembly convened, and-by the authority of the same, Xhatr immediately, and from time to time and at all times, from, and after the publication of this Act, every Proprietor, Owner, or Possessor of any plantation or-estate, shall provide for and allow to at least every head of a family of Slaves thereunto attached, one good and comfortable house, with one or more cabancs or beds to sleep upon, rtifed at Jcaft one foot from the ground.; and shall also allot and appoint for every Slave (domestics excepted) above the age of 14 years, as and for his or her proper ground, such a quantity or portion of the land of the said plantation or estate,‘td which such Slave may be attached, or of such other contiguous lands as shall bc approved by the Guardians of Slaves, appointed' in manner herein after mentioned, as sufficiently near and convenient for such provision ground, is in the eftiiriaiion bf such Guardians for that parish wherein such plantation or estate shall iBc situate, or the majority of them, shall bc deemed sufficient, when undfc'r 'p'rdper cultivation, to produce such a quantity of ground provisions, as, ;with the ordinary allowance oHalt,provisions,of the quantity whereof such Guardians are to judge, will be completely adequate4to the maintenance and* support of such Slave,-and<shall allow every such Slave from-noon in some one day of-, every week, or one whole day in every fortnight, besides Sunday (except ih'time ofx:rop) fqr the purpose of ayqrking and cultivating, his or her grounds; which said grounds,.whcnbfKft ailptted, shall not be exchanged, or taken away from any such Slaves without his or her C0R^nt,;l^y d»im>qr her-expressedto the Guardians of such districts or parish, whiltt such SlaveihaJlrehiain on the estate to which such land fb allotted to him or her belongs, (except in manner and upon the terms next herein after mentioned);that is to say, provided alwayVthac if the’.persons' having; the charge; of any plantation or estate, shall find it nCq'eflary <,br expecticntfo change thepro vision. grounds allotted to the Slaves- of fuclt plantation

F. 8 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES:

or estate, and such consent of, the Slaves shall, not be expressed as aforesaid, it shall and may ,be, lawful for any such person tp allot, other sufficient grounds for that purpose,- and to call on the Guardians of, the district or parish to examine and approve of the quantity, quality, and' situation of such proposed hew provision grounds.; and if the said Guardians, or a. majority of them, foall approve of such new, provision grounds, then and in every such case, from-and after the expiration of twelve calendar months after such new allotment and approbation as aforesaid, or such longer period, according to the season of the year, as the Guardians shall judge necessary to enable the Slaves to put such newly allotted grounds into proper cultivation, but not lboner, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful for any such person to take in and put into cultivation, the; grounds so first allotted, for the use of the Slaves. '

Clause 2.

Clause 3.

Clause 4.

Clause 5.

And whereas there may be some estates which, from the nature of the foil and particular situation, are hot so proper for the cultlvarion of provisions* and; were the Proprietors or PoUblfors compelled to allot portions thereof to every-Slave* for the purpose of cultivating provisions completely adequate to his or her maintenance, as hereinbefore directed, ,it might be attended with- ruinous consequences to such estates, without answering the purposes thereby intended"; Be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Proprietor* Owner, or Bofleflor of any plantation or'estate* which, in the judgment of the Guardians*’ shall be so circumstanced in point of foil or- situation, foall have it in His or her optioiror choice, with the approbation of the Guardians, cither to make such allotments of lands as aforesaid as provision grounds, for the maintenance of the Slaved attached thereto, or to give them a weekly allowance of provisions, completely adequate to their maintenance-: Provided always, that there shall be at ieail one-fortieth part of an acre allotted to-each Slave, contiguous so the Negro hou!es,:for ’ the purpose of cultivating^ garden for their foie use and benefit.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such Proprietor, Owner, or Possessor as aforesaid, shall annually allow and give to every Slave whom he or foe’shall own, rent, or possess, decent and sufficient clothing*-*acdording >to the re(pcdtive fox and age of such Slave to-be approved of and’dirodtedfoy the Guardians of the district wherein the plantation or estate to which- such Slave- may be attached shall be; and if any Proprietor, Owner, of Possessor of any plantation'or estate, do or shall neglect or refuse to ‘comply-with or Obey any of the provisions of this clause, he, she, or they, shall for every such riegledt or refusal, forfeit and pay the/um offive pounds for every Slave who shall not be so clothed as herein is ;directed, to-be recovered, paid, and* applied in manner herein after prescribed.

And be it further enacted by the authority, aforesaid, in order to restraim arbitrary punishments, That from and after the publication of this Act, it foall not be lawful for any Proprietor,of a Slave' or Slaves, or for the Attorney, of such Proprietor, or, in his or her absence',nor for the Manager, Overseer, or other free person; having the management or direction of such Slave or Slaves in the absence of the Proprietor, and where there is, no Attorney resident, to inflict, or cause or knowingly suffer to be infiidted on any. Slave, any corporal punishment other than imprisonment, in a proper and wholesome place of confinement, and whipping, not exceed 39 lafoes at one time, and for any one offence or fault which by him or her may be committed; and that in all cases when either the Proprietor is resident on the estate, or, if abseni, has an Attorney resident thereon, it shall not be lawful, for any Manager, Overseer, or free person employed under such Proprietor or Attorney,

GRENADA.

9 F.

to infiidt, or cause or knowingly suffer to be infiidted, on any such Slave, any corporal punishment other than confinement in a proper place, and whipping, not to exceed ir Mhes at. one time, and for any onw offence or fault by him or her committed j nor,fliah ^ny fpchi^roprictor; Attorney, Manager, or Overseer? or . other free person as aforesaid, infljdt or suffertp be inflicted such punishment, nor any other number of lashes* in the fame day, nor until, the delinquent has recovered from the effects of any former punishment, under the penalty of £. 20. for every such excels’ or- repetition of punishment, to be recovered against the person direct- ' ing or permitting the fame; Provided aiways, that in all. cases where the Proprietor or other person having charge of any such Slave, shall conceive the fault committed, although by Jaw not cognizable by Justices of the Peace* to be of such enormity as to deserve more-exemplary punishment than is hereinbefore allowed to be infiidted, it shall and may be lawful for him to cause such offending Slave to be carried before any two Justices of the Peace, and such Justices are hereby-authorized' to hear and examine into-.every such complaint, and to direct such corporal punishment, not extending to life. or limb, as the offence fiiallinthcir discretion merit; after which punishment, 'infiidted by order of the Justices as aforesaid, no further or other punishment. whatever shall be inflicted on such Slave for that offence, by any person or persons whomsoever, under, the similar penalty last hereinbefore mentioned of£. 20.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Proprietor, At- clause 6. torriey, Manager; Overseer, or bther free person employed as aforesaid, do and shall; upon any pretence whatsoever, take upon himself or herself to infiidt or cause to be infiidted on such Slave or Slaves as aforesaid, any heavier, greater, or other kind of corporal punishment than those which are hereinbeforevin that respect limited and prescribed, every such Proprietor, Attorney, Manager, Overseer, or other person employed as aforesaid, shall-and may for every such offence be. proceeded against* by'presentriient, information, orindictment, in the same manner as if the offence was committed* against a free person, and, ifXound guilty; shall be punished by fine or iniprirbnmdnt,* or'both, at the discretion of the Court wherein such offender-shall have been tried and convicted; and in every atrocious case, whcnTuch offence shall appear to have beep, accompanied with any aggravating circumstance of singular Inhumanity or mail\cm, and the person so convicted shall be Proprietor or Owner of-such Slave or Slaves, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Paid Court, and they are hereby required to order and adjudge such Slave or Slaves to ibe d.clivered tOi. and - taken possession of by the Guardians of the parish or district ip. which the plantation or estate to which such Slave or Slaves is or are attached, pr where such Proprietor rcfidcs, to be by them jortpwith fold and disposed of to some person of humane repute, for such price as the said Guardians shall deem fair and adequate, and can be procured for the same; and such Guardians are hereby authorized and required to sell the same, and the money arising therefrom to be forthwith paid to the Proprietor of fuclVSlave or Slaves lb fold-.as aforesaid;. ahdffuch' falet shall be deemed1 competent and sufficientin law, to veil the absolute property of such Slaye-or Slaves in the^purchaser Orpurohafers thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be ‘lawful Clause 7. to or for the; proprietor, Owner, or Possessor of any plantation pr estate, or any person or persons-employed-by or under such J^of netor, Owner, or Possesspr, except in the art pfananufacturing such Xpccies of tprpiucc as necessarily requires night or extralabour, ,to compel; orobljgc any Slave attached to or upon such plantation or estate., rtoleaye. his or herhouse in order to work in the fieldat his trade until day-break,.oriiowork:during the times of breakfasting and dining; for the first of which such Slaye shall tie allowed one half hour in the morning, and for the latter 'two. hours (to wit)* ffrom twelve o’clock at moon-to two in the afternoon; nor, to compel any such Slaves to work after fiinfet, except in the carrying a> bundle of grass’ of !stock-rpcaf‘from the* field to the liable,-Qr other place where-.the fame is to Dc'bonfumed, under the penalty of-ten pounds for every-offence.

ij An.d)be $p,a&cjl %«the,authof|t.y,/ift>ref^d. That no Master,'Owner, or Clause 8.

foffeirpr of.,any5§Uye . or^Sjayes, whether In his or her o>yn, right, pr Atto niey,

119. * "6 C Guardian,

F. 10 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES:

Clause 9.

Clause 10.

Clause 11.

Guardian, Trustee, or otherwise howsoever, shall, under any pretence whatsoever, discard or turn away any such Slave or Slaves, being rendered incapable of labour or service by reason of sickness or disorder, age or infirmity; but every such Mailer, Owner, or Possessor, shall keep such Slave or Slaves upon his, her, or their respective properties, and feed and provide them with wholesome food, and decent, comfortable lodging and clothing, and other necessaries, and not suffer them for want thereof to wander about at large, and become a nuisance and burthensome to others for subsistence; and it shall and may be lawful for any white or free-coloured person to take up all such diseased or infirm Slave or Slaves, who may be found going about at large as above mentioned, and carry him, hcr,=or them, before;any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any of the Guardians for the town' or parish. where taken up, which Justice of the Peace or Guardian shall and he is hereby di-, rcdled to make immediate enquiry into the conduct of such Owner, Possessor, Attorney, or Trustee; and if it shall appear to the said Justice or Guardian, that the Slaves going about at large be owing to neglect of mal-treatment from the Owner," Possessor, Attorney, or Trustee, he, she, or they so offending, shall forfeit Lor every such offence the sum of £. 10. current money, to be levied on their, goods and chattel^, by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice or Guardian before whom convicted; one moiety to be paid to the person taking up the Slave as aforesaid,'and the other moiety to be paid into the hands of the Treasurer, for the public uses of this government; and the Owner, Possessor, Attorney, or Trustee, shall forthwith, enter into recognizance in the sum of fifty pounds, with two sufficient sureties in the sum of twenty-five pounds each, that the Slave shall in future-be well treated, lodged,-fed, and clothed; but in case of neglect or refusal to enter into recog-' nizance as aforesaid, then it shall and-may be lawful for the Justice or Guardian to commit the Slave to the charge of the cage-keeper of the neared town where takerj. up, to be by him lodged and fed, for which he shall be entitled to receive from the Owner, Possessor, Attorney, or Trustee, at the rate of half a.dollar per day, recoverable on his goods weekly, by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice or Guardian committing, until he shall have entered into recognizance as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Masters and Mistrefibs, Owners, or, in their absence, Managers and Overseers of Slaves, shall,- as much as in them lies, endeavour the instruction of their Slaves in the principles of the Christian Religion, whereby to facilitate their conversion, and shall do their utmost endeavours to fit them for baptism, and, as soon as conveniently can be, caulc to be baptized all such as they can make sensible of a duty'to God and the Christian Faith, which ceremony the clergymen of the respective parishes are to perform gratis, and also to attend them in sickness when their spiritual aid may be required.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon every plantation or estate in these lilands, there shall, within four months from and after the public cation of this Act, be created and built a good and sufficient hospital, in proportion t'; the number of Slaves on such plantation or estate, in a proper and healthy situation, for the infirm and sick Slaves, with proper attendants, into-which all the Slaves, who shall be absent from their work under any pretence of-sickness, shall be ordered and put by the Manager or Person having the charge of such plantation and Slaves, who is hereby further required and directed to keep a hospital book, With the names of the Slaves so admitted, the dates of their admission, and silfo of their dismission or death, and in which shall be inserted by the surgeon or other medical attendant of the said plantation, the nature of their complaints or diseases.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the time limited and appointed, or to be limited and appointed, in any and every Tax Bill for giving in a list of taxable objects in every year, the Owner, Overseer, or Manager of every plantation or estate, shall give in on oath a particular account of all the births and deaths of the-Slaves of such,plantation or estate for the preceding year, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every omission, to be recovered frorii the Owner of such plantation or estate; and if the not giving in upon oath such accounts shall

GRENADA 11 F.

be owing to the neglect of the Manager or Overseer of such plantation or estate, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Possessor of such plantation or estate, to flop and detain the penalty lie or (he shall suffer by this law, out of the wages of such Manager or Overseer."

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such account shall also con- Chufci*. tain the causes of the deaths of such Slaves as shall have died during the preceding year, to be certified by the surgeon or principal medical attendant of such plan- t ration or estate, to the best of his knowledge, judgment, and belief.

And, in order that encouragement liiay bc giyen to the increase and protection Chufc ij, of Negro infants, Be it further enacted by the authority" aforesaid, That every female Slave who ihallhavc fix children living, shall be exempted from hard labour, and the Owner or Possessor of such female-Slave shall be exempted from all taxes for such female Slave, and a deduction shall be made for,all such female.Slaves from the taxes of such Owner or Possessor, by certificate of the person or persons to be appointed by any fax Bill to be hereafter passed for taking the lifts of taxable objects, directed to the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, for which purpose proof shall be given on oath, to the satisfaction of such person or persons, not only that the requisite number of children, together with the mother, are living, but also that the mother is exempted from all manner of hard labour; and is provided with the means of an easy and comfortable maintenance.

And, in order to prevent any person froni mutilating or dismembering any Slave clause 14. of Slaves, Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Master,

Mistress, Owner, or Possessor, or other person whatsoever, shall, at his, her, or their own will and pleasure, or his or their direction, or with his, her, or their knowledge, fuftcrance, privity, or consent, mutilate or dismember, or cause to be mutilated or dismembered, any Slave or Slaves, he, she* or they, shall be liable to be prose-culed? by information or indidhrient for cvcry such offence in the Court of King’s Bench and Grand Sessions, or any other Court of similar Jurisdiction in these islands, and, upon conyi&ion, shall be punished by fine not less than £. ico, nor exceeding *£.500, anddniprisonment not exceeding twelve months, ior each and every Slave so mutilated or dismembered, and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any action that can-or imay be brought at common law* Tor recovery of damages for or on account of the fame.;.and in every atrocious calc, where the Owner of such Slave or Slaves shall bc convictcdrof; such offence, the Justices of the Court before whom such offender shall have been' tried, and convicted, are hereby empowered, in case they shall think it necessary for the future protection of such Slave or Slaves* to declare-and adjudge him* her* or them, free and discharged of and from all manner of iemtude to such Owners, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and in-all such cafcSj-the Justices of such Court arcJicrcby authorized and empowered, if to them it shall appear necessary, to order and clircdt the fine adjudged by them, to be paid into the hands of the Treasurer of those islands to the use of the public ;ithe Treasurer for the time being, in consideration thereof, paying to such of the said Slaves so freed and discharged from servitude as aforesaid, the sum of £+16. per annum,: towards his, her* or their maintenance and supporr during life; and in case of any such mutilation?or dismembering of any Slave being commuted as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians, or any one or more of them, upon complaint and application to him or them made by such Slave or Slaves so mutilated, and they are hereby required; upon view and certainty of the fadb, to fendTuch Slave or Slaves so mutilated forthwith to the nearest cage where such offence shall have been committed; or if such complaint and information that any Slave or Slaves is or are so mutilated, shall arise from the probable intelligence of any other Slaves or otherwise, to ifiuc their, or his warrant to any constable, ordering him immediately to proceed to the place where such Slave or Slaves so mutilated may be, and touring him, her, or them, and if under confinement to release and bring him, her, or them, before such guardian or guardians, who, on view and certainty of the fast as aforesaid, shall fend such Slave or Slaves so mutilated, to the nearest cage as aforesaid, which Slave or Slaves shall be there Ihfcjy kept by

F. 12 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES:

thfc cage-Jcceper, but not worked at the public expence until the determination of the prosecution, which the said Guardians are hereby directed and required to pursue and carry into effect against the perpetrators of the said mutilations, in manner aforesaid; and the keeper of such cage is hereby required to receive such Slave Or Slaves into his custody, and during such time as such Slave Or Slaves shall be detained in the cage, to provide and allow a sufficient quantity of proper food daily for his or her or their subsistence and support, at the expence of the person offending as aforesaid, and under the direction and approbation of the said Guardians, who are hereby authorized to issue their warrant for payment of the same, to be levied on the goods and chattels of the offender.

Clause ij. And be it further enacted bj the authority aforesaid, That at the first: meeting of the Council and Assembly arter the first: day of January, in the year of our Lord 1798, and at the first: meeting thereof after the first: day of January in each and every subsequent year, during the continuance of this Act, the House of Assembly shall proceed to nominate and appoint, with the approbation and concurrence of the Council, three fit persons for each parish, and for the Island of Curiacow and the other Grenadines} who shall lerveas Guardians of and to the Slaves belonging to the respective parishes, and the Islands for \vhich such Guardians shall be so nominated and appointed,; and also three persons being freeholders, resident in the town of Saint George, as Guardians, of and to the Slaves within the said town; and the clerk of the assembly shall publish in the first: gazette or public newspaper, to be printed after such nomination and appointment, the names of the several Guardians lo appointed.

Clause 16. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Guardians of SJavcs herein after named and appointed, within ten days after the publication hereof and alt Guardians of Slaves, within ten days after such notice of their appointment being given as aforesaid, and before, they proceed,on the execution of their office, shall apply themselves to some Justice of the Peace, and before him. take the following oath. I, A* fi. do swear, that I wilfdiligcntly, truly, faithfully, and impartially, perform the office of a Guardian of Slaves of the parish of or the town

of Saint George, for which I am appointed this present year, and will not, for favour or afiidion, on any consideration whatsoever, excuse any person or persons offending againfc or neglecting his, her, or their duty* as enjoined,by-an Act, intituled, an Act for the better protection, and promoting the natural increase and population of Slaves within the island of Grenada, and such of the Grenadines as are-annexed to the Government thereof; for compelling an adequate provision for and care of them, as well in sickness and old age as ia health, and for constituting and appointing Guardians to effectuate and carry into execution the regulations and purposej of this Act; nor will I, for hatred, malice, ill-will or partiality^prosecute,pre(ent,-or. punish.'any One, but in ail things will comply with and conform to the directions, orders, and duties enjoined me by the said Act, according to, the bed of my understanding, (kill, power, and judgment. So help me God. Wchich said oath, every Justice of the Peace, on application to him for that purpose 'made-by the Guardian, is hereby, authorized and required to administer, and tranlipit, within ten days afterwards, a certificate thereof, to be filed in the Secretary’s office.-;-and if any Guardian fonomi-' nated, and having (belt notice of his: nomination as:aforesaid, dhall. refiife, to ad-in his said office, or shall neglect or refuse to be fwonv as aforesaid, and, who,- bciirgifwbrn. and acting, shall neglect: his duty or abuse the powers by this Adlveflfed in him,he shall for every such offence forfeit £. 50 current money, to be recovcreddn' the Court', of King’s Bench and Grand Session, by indictment or information, ;tobcmaidrinto* the public treasury for the public uses of the colony *,.and any person having served the office of guardian for one year, shall not be compelledL.or compellable;. Stofcrvc the fame office again until, the expiration of two years thereafter, and-in the meantime until such appointment of guardians can be made^sr aforesaid.

[Clause 17.]

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the town of Saint George, the honourable Alexander Cockburn, John Orr, and William Arnold, esquires jfor, the parish of Saint George the honourable Alexander Scott, John Ross, and Wilson

P. Richardson,

GRENADA. 13 F.

P.-Richardson, eft]litres; for the Parish of Saint David, the honourable Samuel Mitchell, James May, and Henry Palmer, esquire; for the Parish of Saint Andrew,

Thomas Robert Ion, 1 Iliac Horsford, and James Campbell junior, esquire; for the Parish of Saint Patrick, John Hervey, Nicholas Herbert, and Alexander Frafer, esquire; for the parish of Saint Mark, Alexander Campbell, Gordon Turnbull, and William Sandback,esquire; for the Parish of Saint John, John Hay, James Mays, and Alexander Branders, esquire for the Island of Cariacow, and the other Grenadines, William Arbuthnot, Andrew Whiteman, and Johri Bell, esquire, lhn ll be and are hereby appointed Guardians of and to the Slaves within their respective didrids, and shall take the lame oath of o!iice, and act and discharge the duty of Guardians in the dime manner, and under the fame penalty, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as if they were Guardians nominated and appointed in manner preferred by this Acb.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may lie CUufc iS. lawful to and for the said Guardians, or any two of them, in their respective districts, and they are hereby authorized and required once in every six months (except the Guardians hereinbefore named and appointed, who are hereby authorized and required within the first three months, and at all other times when any complaint or information Hull appear to render their presence necessary) to visit the secveral estates and plantations within their respective diUriel's, and to hcarand enquire into the complaints, and enquire into and inspect the grounds, clothing, lodging, maintenance, and treatment of the Slaves within their respective distri&s, and into the Hate and condition of furniture and conveniences of the hospitai; and for a more cffc£lual discovery of the truth with respect of the clothing, lodging, feeding, and maintenance of the Slaves, as well in sickness as in health, Hull examine the Manager and principal Overseer, and the Surgeon or medical attendant on fuel) c(htc or plantation, and all other persons likely to be able to give tcllimop.y, if from any suspicious circumstances or circumstance it shall appear necessary to a majority of the said Guardians touching the fame, after having first administered to such Manager, principal Overseer, or other free person, an oath of the followi as Hull be put to me nance, and treatment

or within the town of Saint George. So help me God. And if any Manager, principal Overseer, or other white or Trcc person, shall refuse to be (worn, or when sworn to answer such questions as shall be put to him relative to the several matters mentioned in the said oath, he Hull forfeit £. 50., to he recovered in the manner herein after mentioned, and to be paid into the treasury for the public uses of the Colony; and in case of the wilful and corrupt perjury of any such white or free person, he shall and may be prosecuted by preferment, indictment, or information, and be punished

respective didridb, or any two of them, that any offence hath been committed against this Act, then and in every such case they are hereby authorized and llridly required, without delay, by all or feme of the ways and means hereby in that respect provided, to fuc and prosecute the offender and cllcndets for the recovery of such penalties or penalty, or, to such punishment or punishments as is crare by this Act annexed to the offence or offences by him or them committed j and all suits and prosecutions carried on by or in the names of the said guardians, any one or more of them, with the approbation of two of them at lead, shall be maintained by the public, and the expences attending the lame defrayed out of the public treasury.

And whereas otherwise difi and comfort Tor subsistence .1.19

:rcas the manumitting-ami felting free Slaves, diseased, blind, aged, or CLufc«, ifabled from working, without making provision for their lullvnance fort, ought to be prevented, as it obliges them to ramble about and beg tence, which frequently compels them to the necessity of robbing and ftosl-

F

Clause 20.

Clause 21.

Clause 22.

Clause 23.

Clause 24.

Clause 25.

F. 14 SLAVE TRADE — WEST INDIES:

ing, and leads them to other bad practices to support themselves: And whereas it is also necessary to discourage the too frequent and indiscriminate manumission of Slaves, without a sufficient provision being made for their support; Re it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the publication of ihtl Ad, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to manumit or set free any Slave or Slaves belonging to him, her, or them, without first paying unto ths Trea-furor of these Islands for the time being, the sum of£. too current money for each and every Slave io manumitted; and the Treasurer is hereby directed and required to certify on the back of the manumission, that such sum has been to him paid; and no manumission executed after the publication of this, Ad, without such certificate, shall be of any force or validity whatsoever.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each and every person so manumitted, shall be entitled to receive an annuity of £. 10. current money, to be paid by the Treasurer, one moiety every six months, who is hereby authorized and required to pay the lame for and during the natural life of such person or persons so manumitted and let free as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons To manumitted as aforesaid, shall be absenc from this government, he, she, or they, shall be entitled to receive such annuity as aforesaid, upon transmitting or . producing to the Treasurer of these Islands, a certificate from the Rector of the parish where such person or persons may actually reside, or from any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in such parish, jfldntl, or place, of him, her, or their being then alive, and concluding and behaving him, her, or themselves; as peaceable and good subjects; and such certificate shall be a sufficient warrant to the Treasurer for the time being, to pay the annuity or arrears of annuity as aforesaid.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'That in cases of any heinous crime, misdemeanor, or other disorderly conduct of any such person or persons so manumitted and set free, on conviction thereof on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before any three of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, such person or persons so of Tending shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the whole of such annuity, or so much thereof as the said. Justices in their judgment may think proper, in proportion to the heinousness of the offence committed; such forfeiture to be applied to the public ufesof this government

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, whole usual residence has been* in this government, shall, at any time after the publication of this Act, be manumitted or* set free by any deed of manumission, executed io any other place than within this government, such manumission shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void in this government, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, any law, custom, orufage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, until the sum of£. 100. "be by each and every such person so manumitted, paid into the hands of the Treasurer as aforesaid, which shall entitle the person paying the same to receive the annual sum of^.io. as hereinbefore mentioned.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures in thb Ad mentioned, the recovery and application whereof have not already, been declared, shall be recovered in the said Court of Common Pleas, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, and paid into the hands of the public Treasurer, for the public uses of the Colony*

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Guardian of Slaves shall be sued or molested for any thing done by virtue of this Act, he shall and may plead the general itfue, and give this Act and the special matters in evidence; and If the-Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his action, or a verdict be found against him, he shall pay treble costs offuit; and this Act shall be deemed a public Act* and ail Judges, Justices, and Juries, are to take notice thereof accordingly, without specially pleading the same.

GRENADA. 15 F.

And be enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and remain Clause 26, in force-from the publication thereof, for and during the term of two years thereafter, and until sonic further or other provision shall be made by the Legislature for the purposes of this Act.

Passed the Assembly,

17th November 1797.

(Signed) y>i’ Lynchj Clerk of the Assembly,

"Dated at Saint George’s, 9th December, in the year of our Lord 1797, and in the 38th year of the rcignof our Sovereign Lord George the Third, of Great Britain, Trance, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so fort!).

(Signed)

James Hay, Speaker.

T-aflccl the Council this 24th November, in the year of our Lord 1797.

(Signed) G. //. Horjtey.

Deputy Clerk of the Council.

(Signed) GharUs Green,

Aflcntccl to by his Excellency the Captain-General and Commander in Chief, this. 9th December 1797.

GRENADA.

(Signed) G. H Horsley.

Deputy Clerk of the Council.

Duly proclaimed at Sainfc George’s, in the Tfland of Gre-.mdarthe nth of December 1797.

(Signed) J. Davis.

Dep. Prov. Marshal.

<snip>

G.

JAMAICA.

Ordered to be printed %th June 1804.

j

119.

A

Na i.—Letter subscribed Simon T’ajlor, Henry Shirley, George Murray, and Lewis

Cutbleri, dated Spanish Town, 12th December 1797; add relied to v - p.j.G. the Earl of Balcarres - j

No 2-<—Earl of Balcarres to the Duke of Portland;

dated Jamaica, 24th December 1797 (Three Enclosures.)

(1.) AJdreft, to His Majesty, of the Assembly of Jamaica - pp

(2,) Address, to His Majesty, of the Council of Jamaica - -(3.) Act for laying a Duty on all Negro Slaves imported into Jamaica ——

No 3.—Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Earl of Balcarres; 7 ,

10th May 179S. J

N*4>—Another; - 25th May 1799 - ibid.

N°5,—Another; - 10th August 1799 p.u.G.

No 6.—Earl of Balcarres to the Duke of Portland;

dated Jamaica, 5th Jan. 1S00

(Two Enclosures.)

(1.) Address, to his Majesty, of the Council and Assembly of /pp.n_16.G.

Jamaica - -(2.) Extract Report of a Committee of the Heuse cf Assembly on the General State of the Colony -

No 7.—Earl of Balcarres to the Duke of Portland; L r r

dated Jamaica, cad March tSco J P’1

(Nineteen Inclosures.)

<snip>

( 3 )

G.

G.

JAMAICA.

<snip>

G. .4

SLAVE TRADE. —WEST INDIES.

<snip>

JAMAICA.

<snip>

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

<snip>

JAMAICA.

<snip>

(3). In Earl of Balcarres’s of 24th December 1797.

(Copy.)

JAMAICA.//. An Act for laying a Duty on all Negroe Slaves that shall be im|joined into this island from the Coafr of Africa, who shall be above a certain Age; and for regulating the manner of ascertaining such Age.

[Preamble.]

Whereas many inconveniences have arisen and may arise, and much mischief may be done to the inhabitants of this island, by the importation of old Negro Slaves from the Coart; of Africa for file in this island, it having been found by experience, that jold Negroes are in general the people who have hitherto promoted icbellions and

JAMAICA. 7 G.

rebellious conspiracies among the other Slaves? and it being very difficult to civilize Jamaica, and season new Negroes who are above a certain age, whereby the preventing, as far as may be, importation into the said island, of Slaves of that dele iption, will be for the general benefit and advantage of the inhabitants thereof? therefore, we Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beleccliYour Majesty, that it may be emitted: Be it therefore emitted by the Lieutenant Governor, and Council and Assembly cf this Your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby emitted and ordained by the authority of the same,*That from and after the thirty fir ftday of December, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, and paid unto Your Majesty, Your Heirs, and Successors, a duty of ten pounds upon every Slave above the age of t.venty-five years, that shall be imported or brought into any harbours, bays, ports, creeks, roads, havens, or quays, in or belonging to this Island, or at or near Port Royal quays,* from the Coast of Africa, whether direct or otherwise, and whether such Slaves shall be for sale or not, to be paid by the Mailers, Owners, or Importers of every such Slave, and which said duty shall be over and above, and in addition to any other duty or duties made or to be marie chargeable and payable on the Slaves imported as aforesaid, by any law or laws of this Island, and shall be payable in the manner directed by such laws re

A duty of tea pounds upon every Slave above *5 >'< ati ol age that shall be imported.

year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Custos Rotulo-

of

Inspecton to bs appointed.*

Sr. Thomas in the Raft three, for St. David three, for Sr. Mary three, for Sc. George three, for Potrlaml three, for St. Ann three, for Trelawney three, stir Sc. Janies three, for Hanover three, for Westmoreland dree, for St. Llizabedi three, lor Vercthiec, and for St. Dorothy three? which laid Inspectors fl> appointed, or any two of them, shall within twenty-four hours after the arrival of any ship, ffiow, brig, fioop, or other veil'd, having on board any Slaves from the Coast of Africa, whether direct or otherwise, at any pore or bay in cr bdnnging to any partfli wherein

oath or affirmation shall be as follows:

" Jamaica, Js.— Personally appeared before me, A.B. and C.D. Inspectors appointed by virtue and tinder authority of an Act of the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, intituled, ‘An Act for iayirg a duty on all Negro Slaves that shall be imported into this Island from the Coall of Africa, who shall be above a certain age; and for regulating the manner of ascertaining such ages and made oath on the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God, That they have in-spettedand examined a cargo of new Negro Slaves now on board a cettr in fliipor vessel, called the whereof is Mailer or

Commander, airived from and that there were shewn to them by the said or by atting in his behalf,

Negro or other Slaves? and those Deponents further say, that according to the best of their judgment, knowledge, and belief of the said Slaves are above the age of twenty-five years ? and they further say, that they have not nor hath either of them, nor hath any person for them or either of 119* them.

C.-.th to be taken.

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

gaqrnca.

Jponlnfpcc* for* making return they are to have 1l. $d per head from the Coo/ignee or Seller of such Slaves.

Penalties on Mailers and Owners of vrficls for regaling to produce the cargo or cargocj of Slaves of inspe&iou.

Penalty on Jnfpcitor* having accepted of the said Appointment, and refilling orr cg-lecitng to do jtheir duty.

Age of Slave? impvrfed to be ascertain-ci on Oath.

Xf Slaves above 25 year? ol a^e exported be yoopA

them, directly or indirectly received any fee or reward for making this return; or are promised, or will receive from any person, or by any means whatsoever, any fee or reward for making the same, except the allowance to which they are entitled under the said Act:" Which-oath shall be duly administered and attested by ant Magistrate of the parish where such* inspe&ion shall be made.

Andrbedt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Inspe&ors making such return as above directed, shall have and receive the sum of one shilling and three pence per head for every Slave on board such vessel they fijall so inspect, which said sum of one (lulling and three pence per head shall be paid to the faiti Intycdtors by the Con-flgneeor Svherof such Negro or other Slaves; and in case of'refusal, prof non-payment thereof, any Justice of the Peace for the parish shall and is hereby empowered and required to enforce payment thereof, and of all charges reasonably incident,'!)/ warrant of di finds and Talc under his hand and seal, to be levied on the goods and chattels of the person or persons refusing to pay, or not paying as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Matter, Owner, or Consignee of any ship, floop, or other vessel, shall refuse to permit such Inspedhfrsto come on board his said strip, floop, or other vessel *, or shall refuse to produce the cargo *of Negro or other Slaves before such Inspectors for inspection, within the time before limited; or shall land, fell, or dispose of any of the Slaves so imported before such inspe&ion hath been:made and reported, according to the true intent and ir,caning of this Act, every such Matter, Owner, or Conflgncc shall for every offence respectively forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons; 'being appointed an Inspector or Inspectors, and having accepted of the llmLappaint-menc under the authority of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to do his or their duty as therein required of him, every such person lb offending shall forfeit the /um of five hundred pounds for each offence, and be for ever after rendered incapable of acting as such Inspector: Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, that if any Slaves imported, and for whom the aforesaid duty shall have been paid, shall be actually exported olr this Island within two months after such importation, for any other Island, dominion, or territory, there shall be repaid by the Receiver General to the Exporter or Exporters of such Slaves, at and after the rate of ten pounds per head for each Slave reported above the age of twenty-five years, provided that the said sum of ten pounds per head on new Negroes to be exported shall not be paid by the find Receiver General until the Exporter or Exporters shall have given to the Receiver General, or his lawful Deputy, facisfadory proof upon oath that the said new Negro Slaves To Intended to be exported, are bmijitle pare of the Slaves on which the additional duty of ren pounds imposed by the Ad hath been paid, and shall with good andfmnciene fccuricy enter into bond, to be lodged in the Receiver General’s ofike, conditioned that ho or they, nor any person or persons for him or them, will notreiand or eauTc to be relanded In any port, bay, haven, or creek, in or belonging to this Island, any of the Slaves so exported, without givin" notice of such rdanding to the Receiver General, or his lawful Deputy, within forty-eight hours after any such. Slaves, shall have been relanded; and the sum of money which shall be mentioned and exprdfed in the said bond, shall be for double the amount of the sum. paid by the Receiver General to the Exporter or Exporters for the whole of the cargo' of Slaves so exported; and in case of non-compliance with the condition of the said bond, the fameshall become forfeited to the use and benefit of the person prosecuting for the same in the Supreme Court, or either of the Courts of Assize in this Island.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the ages of Slaves to be exported shall be ascertained and reported on oath, as in the case of imported Slaves above che age of twenty-five years, by the aforesaid Inspectors, or any Two of them; and for their trouble therein, such Inspectors shall be entitled to have and demand a fee at and after the rate of two /hillings and sixpence for each Slave inspected and examined.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Slaves so exported, who are above the age of twenty-five years, shall atrany time subsequent to such exportation be brought into any harbour, port, bay,. Haven, creek, or quay in or

JAMAICA. 3*

belonging to this Island, they Hiall be subjedand liable to the duty hereinbefore ‘filiposed on'Slaves coming from the-foMbtif Africa j-afldthe ship or vessel in which the same shall be so returned,* slid. Ihfe Maker'or Cdmmander thereof, and all persons interested, ffinli be liable to the fame hilfcs Knd regulation* as is hereinbefore enabled and provided in respect to Chips or veflek bringing new Negro Slaves from the £da{t of Afrifa br elsewhere.

And be it endued by elite authority kTorefaitU That if Wife Owner# MilWr, Com

atfaliiMkrfi Islanddullbc liable toduty.

Penalty on Mastery, ice* of vesseli uf-ing any act w conceal the age of Slave*.

or oiled the body or bodies of any SjavtOC Slavfcs on board such ship'or vessel, hr 'tirade use rfany other ntt*.A.r.s dr afttf?ce\ih pfder to concCal or prevent thef afcfcfiaihidg tire frfpcdivfc k:>cs of such Slavei, Kfc* shall for every ol?rncfc forfeit the fum‘of tfto . hundred pounds, on pfOof being hall 6<ifoffc’ dhjr Justifcc of the Peid by thb oath of onorir rhore coYripe icric wkndfsbr kitiWlfts. * *1*-

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,* That the Md’ffief to lfc; levied, Wow morie*

J - colleiled by

this Act are u> be spoiled.

to and for loch plfrp&fts ns shall be at any- time dirededby any Act of the Lf^ifliturc of this 1 fiand: Arkl'be it cnacicd, That <h£ said Receiver General fbi* the tifrte being fiuli,- for doing his duty herein, retdiif and keep out of the mbniciffif to’ be coiledid at rind after the rate of fiVe pounds jiitfr ccftt.1 ah'd ho Chore.

And be k codfled by the authority afore fiiUH That tlifc Rdcidr General- for th*e trait being shall, belbre he officiates pursuant to this *Ad, With good and Riffitreric

security, such as* a board of the Commissionc'r's of Public 'Accounts shall ap’jfrcfe,

‘enter into bond m tire Secretary's Office of fh: IClindto our 'Sovereign' Lbhlthe King, his Heirs and Successors, in the sum of five thousand pounds current‘money of Jamaica, conditioned that he, his heirs, executors, or administrators, shall render and give to any Assembly when fitting, or to the commissioners appointed Or to, be appointed for Rating and settling the public accounts, a just and true account! of all monies by liirh rctcived in pursuand of this Act when thereunto required} and that he, his heirs, executors, or administratonv shall- pay over all such sums of money as he shall lb receive to such person or prisons as ftiail be lawfully authorized so receive die fame.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties iiV thj^Ad men- petitioned, and n'oc declared in what manner* tHeV shall be recovered’ iH'the; Supreme utj *iv rcco-

versb5? and applied.

Receiver General t* enter into bund.

‘-Government of this Island, and tlite Contingent charges thereof,* and disc* of her moiety the informer,; t>r Iditt, her, or them who shall fuc for the fr fnc.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*, Thai this A’dy'arul cVer'y clause, matter, and thing therein contained, Dial! continue and be in %cc‘frblriVtHc thirty-first- day of December, which will be in the year of our Ldrd one fh'oiiiaH'd fdven lumdred and riinetyieigh’t, uniil the thirty-first: day of Decembef diie tliobfah'U'CigHc Jlundfed-arid1 ohei arid no longer.

Duration of this A A.

*J1 t

Palled t headlined I consent this 23d

this' actH diy of day of Dec.

Dec. *797* Balcarres.

M A/kbiftn, Ass* CC1.

Vera Co’pia ITxr.

Passed fhlf A

this* »lith‘ dajf of Dec.* 1797.

i

JDcft. Campbell, Speaker. Gv/tBifcn^S cc.

n 9.

C.

G. 10

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

Jamaica.

No. 3.—Extract of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to the Earl of Balcarres j dated . Whitehall, loth May 1798?

<snip>

No, .6.—Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Balcarres to the Duke of Portland; dated Jamaica, 5th Jan. 1800.

<snip>

G. is. SLAVE TRADE—WEST INDIES.

<snip>

JAMAICA.

13

<snip>

G. 54 SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES.

Jamaica,

---

LEEWARD ISLANDS. 9 H.

<snip>

In President Thomson's, of the 19th February 1798.

ANTIGUA.

An Act to repeal the fortieth and forty-first Clauses of an Act of this Island, intituled "An Act for attainting several Slaves now run away from their Master’s service, and for the better government of Slaves;" dated the ninth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three; and to make persons charged with, and found guilty of the murder of Slaves, liable and subject to the same pains and penalties as are inflicted for the murder of free persons.

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, intituled "An Act for attainting several Slaves now run away from their Master’s service, and for the better government of Slaves," dated the ninth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, it is by the fortieth and forty-first Clauses thereof enacted and ordained as follows; that is to say, "And whereas several cruel persons, to gratify their own humours, against the laws of God and Humanity, frequently kill, destroy, or dismember their own and other persons Slaves, and have hitherto gone unpunished, because it is inconsistent with the constitution and government of this Island, and would be too great a countenance and encouragement to Slaves to resist white persons, to set Slaves so far upon an equality with the free inhabitants, as to try those that kill them for their lives; nor is it known or practised in any of the Charibbee Islands, that any free person killing a slave is triable for his life, but particular laws (of which we are not provided) are made in several of them, for punishing the aforesaid crimes, and are found very effectual in deterring persons from such crimes; Be it therefore enacted and ordained, That if any free person or persons whatsoever, shall wilfully kill or cause to be killed any Slave whatsoever, either belonging to himself or another, in any such manner as is not excusable by the laws of Great Britain, or allowed by the laws of this Island, whether the same be by excessive punishment or otherwise, or shall geld or dismember any such Slave, that then such person or persons shall and may be prosecuted by presentment, indictment, or information, before Justices of the Peace in their Sessions, or Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, and upon conviction of any such killing, the offender or offenders shall be fined each in any sum not under one hundred pounds nor exceeding three hundred pounds, lawful money of this Island, and be imprisoned till said fine be paid, and all due fees, and find sureties for their good behaviour for one year; and in case of gelding or dismembering, and conviction thereof the offender or offenders shall be fined each any sum not under twenty pounds or above one hundred pounds, lawful money of this Island, and be imprisoned in the common gaol till the same be paid, and find sureties for their good behaviour for a year, so as the prosecution be commenced in one year after the offence of killing, gelding, or maiming, committed, and not after, and shall likewise pay double damages and costs to the party grieved, to be recovered by action of tresspass in any Court of Record in this Island, the"

H. 10 SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

St. Christopher's.

"moiety of which fines for killing, gelding or dismembering any slave shall be to the use of His Majesty his heirs and successors, to be paid into the public treasury of this Island, to be employed towards repairing the forts and fortifications of this Island, and the other half to the informer prosecuting therefore."

And whereas, from the alteration of times and circumstances since the passing of the above recited Act, it is become necessary that the said two Clauses thereof should be repealed, we therefore, Your Majesty's most dutiful, loyal, and obedient subjects, the Commander in Chief of Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands, and the Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island Antigua, humbly pray your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the said fortieth and forty-first Clauses of the above recited Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be repealed and made null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if the same never had been made,

And whereas, in obedience to the Divine Law, and from principles of justice, humanity, and policy, it is right that whosoever is guilty of the wilful murder, or of wilful maiming or wounding a fellow creature, whether a free person or a Slave, in any such manner as is not excusable by the common or statute law of England, should suffer the pains and penalties of death, or such other punishment as by the said laws such Persons are made liable to suffer for the said crimes; Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the publication of this Law, every white or other free person, who shall be charged with the murder, or with the maiming or wounding a Slave, whether belonging to himself or to herself, or to any other person or persons whatever, and whether the same be by excessive punishment or otherwise, every such person so charged, shall be proceeded against and tried in the same manner as he or she would have been proceeded against and tried for the murder, or for the maiming or wounding a free person, and upon being convicted thereof shall suffer death, or such other punishment; by the laws of England such persons would be sentenced to suffer for the murder, or for the maiming and wounding a free person: Provided always, that such conviction shall not extend to the corrupting the blood, or the forfeiture of lands or tenements, goods or chattels; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Dated at Saint Christopher’s the 28th day of Dec. in the year of our Lord 1797, and of His Majesty's reign the thirty-eighth.

(Signed) John Burke, Speaker, pro tempore.

Passed the Council the 28th day of Nov. 1797.

By Command (Signed) Wm Mathews.

Depy Secy.

Passed the Assembly this 28th day of Nov. 1797.

(Signed) John Hill,

Clerk of the Assembly.

Published this 10th day of Jan. 1798.

(Signed) John Roberts,

Depy Provost Marshall.

<snip>

LEEWARD ISLANDS. 15 H.

St. Christopher’s

(2.) - In Mr. President Thomson’s, of the 4th May 1798.

Copy.

St. CHRISTOPHER.

An Act more effectually to provide for the Support, and to extend certain Regulations for the Protection of Slaves; to promote and encourage their Increase, and generally to meliorate their Condition.

YOUR Majesty's loyal and obedient subjects, the Commander in Chief of Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the General Council and General Assembly of the said Islands, duly convened and assembled at the town of Basseterre, in the island of St. Christopher, having taken into their most serious consideration the Resolution of the Honourable the House of Commons of Great Britain, of the 6th day of April, in the 37th year of Your Majesty's reign, recommended to their attention by Your Majesty's said Commander in Chief of your Leeward Charibbee Islands, in obedience to Your Majesty's orders, communicated by his Grace the Duke of Portland, one of Your Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, and having maturely deliberated upon the measures which appear to them best calculated to obviate the causes which hitherto may have impeded the natural increase of Negroes already in these Islands, gradually, as they hope, to diminish the necessity of the Slave Trade, and ultimately to lead to its final termination, and desiring to grant unto the Slaves in these Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands every indulgence and encouragement which may tend to their moral and religious improvement, and to secure to them the certain, immediate, and active protection of the law, as far as the same can possibly be extended to them, consistently with that good order, discipline, and obedience, which it is absolutely necessary to preserve and maintain in all places, where, from inevitable local circumstances, Slavery must, with some restrictions, be tolerated; and desiring also to prevent, as much as possible, any instances of cruelty or oppression, and to compel all persons to treat their Slaves with that humanity which is generally prevalent in these Islands; Do humbly pray Your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained;

---

1st. And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That, every Owner or Director of any Slave or Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall weekly and every week, under the penalty of ten shillings per head for each and every Slave under his or her direction, for every omission, purchase or provide, at the rate of the following quantities of provisions? diac is to say, for every Slave at the rate of nine pints of corn or beans, or eight pints of peale or wheat,

or rye flour, or Indian corn meal, or nine pints of oatmeal, of seven pints of rice, or eight pints cf cafiava flour or farina, or eight pounds of biscuit, or twenty pounds of yams or potatoes, or sixteen pounds of eddoes, fanias or tyres, or thirty pounds of plantains or bananas, and also one pound and one quarter of herrings, fhads, mackarel, or other salted provisions, or double the quantity of fresh fish or other fresh provisions? all which laid provisions to be of good and wholesome quality: Provided nevertheless, that every such Owner or Director shall have the absolute and uncontroulable right of distributing and dividing all and every such quantities of provisions so to be provided as aforesaid, unto and among all and every his Slave or Slaves, in such proportions, shares, and allowances, as he shall think proper, according to the different labour, size, age, and strength, or otherwise, of all and every such Slave and Slaves, and as the same shall appear to him in his discretion eligible or right ? but notwithstanding such discretionary power, such Owner or Director shall actually distribute weekly and every week among ail his Slaves, the whole quantity of provisions hereinbefore directed to be purchased or provided, under the penalty aforesaid for every omission.: Provided also, that every aged, sickly, or infirm Slave, and every Slave afilidted with any loath some or contagious disorder, or every Slave being incapable of labour, shall receive weekly and every week, at least one full rate or ratio of allowance aforesaid, notwithstanding the general and discretionary power of dividing the fame, hereinbefore permitted to

H. 16 SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

St. Christopher’s

the Owner, and notwithstanding any other power which he may have; and if any Owner or Director of any Slave or Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall omit or neglect, under any pretext whatever, especially under pretext of absence from the said plantation, or that the said Slave is wandering about the towns or other parts of the Island, or that he cannot be found, to distribute and share weekly and every week to any of his aged, infirm, or sickly Slaves, or to any of his Slaves afflicted with any loathsome or contagious disorder, or incapable of labour, such full rate or ratio of provisions as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for every such neglect or omission the sum of twenty shillings, unless such Slave shall be provided for in the Hospital or Sick House.

2d. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every Owner or Director of any Slaves employed on any plantation in the Leeward Islands, to reduce and diminish, when he shall be actually making Sugar or cutting Canes on such plantations, for the whole week in which he makes such reduction, the quantity of provisions hereinbefore directed to be distributed among hi., Slaves, in the proportion which one-fifth part of the said provisions bears to the whale thereof, but on no account in a larger proportion: Provided nevertheless, that inasmuch as it is necessary for insuring the subsistence, which is the principal object of this Act, that in some of the Leeward Charibbee Inlands the provisions given to the Slaves m crop-time should be increased, and may, without derogating from such subsistence, be out of crop diminished; that no Owner or Director of any Slave within the Virgin Islands, shall be permitted to make the aforesaid reduction in any week in which he shall be, or have been, a&tially employed in the manufa&uring Sugar or grinding Canes; but every Owner or Dirc&or of every Slave worked on any plantation within the said Virgin Islands, Hi ill be permitted, out of crop, to make a reduction of one-fifth part of the dry provisions hereinbefore directed to be given to his or her Slaves, whenever he or she shall give and allow to each and every of his or her Slaves as much land and time as shall, with his or their labour on such land for such time, be likely to produce the value of such dry provisions: And provided also, thar if the value of such dry provisions shall not be produced by such land, every such Owner or Director shall make good to every Slave whole land shall be less productive, the difference between its produce and the value of the dry provisions to which such Slave under this Act would otherwise be entitled.

3d. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That money shall on no account be given to Slaves in lieu of the provisions hereinbefore directed to be purchased or distributed, unless in case of absolute and unequivocal necessity; and that if any Owner or Director of any Slave or Slaves, within the Leeward Klands, dull offend against this Clause, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

4th. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever and as often as any Owner or Director of any Slave or Slaves, within the Leeward Islands, shall commute or exchange for money, the provisions hereinbefore directed to be purchased or provided for such Slaves, or any part of the fame, he shall give and pay to and among his Slaves at the rate of four shillings per week for each and every Slave with whom he shall make such commutation, and also give and allow two half days in each week to such Slave, to resort to the best market for laying out, to the bed advantage, such commutation money: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for every Owner or Director to divide, distribute, and share such commutation money, among all and every his Slaves with whom he makes such commutadon and exchange, in the same manner, and with the fame discretionary power, as is hereinbefore vestrd in him with respect to the provisions he is hereinbefore directed toput-cha'e, procure, and distribute.

5th. And whereas, from the situation and local circumstances of many estates in the Leeward Islands, the Owners or Directors of such estates are enabled to allot portions of land to their Slaves more than fufit ient for their support and maintenance, and from which such Slaves grow rich; and it would therefore nor only be unneccfLry, bm ev~n unjust and ruinous, to ftrh Planters, to compel them lo give the fame allowance with other- who have not the benefit of such provision grounds; Be

LEEWARD ISLANDS. 17 H.

jn

it therefore Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever the quantity of pro- . St. vision land under cultivation with the Owner’s time, upon any estate in the Leeward Christopher,» Islands, shall be in the proportion of one acre of land for every ten Slaves worked and employed upon such estate, and the produce of such land shall be in proportion to one half of the quantity of provisions, or in any larger proportion by this Act directed to be purchased or procured for all the Slaves so worked or employed, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Director of such Plantation to diminish by one half, or in any other proportion, the quantity of dry provisions, according to the quantity of provisions produced from such land directed by this Act to be purchased or procured for and distributed among such Slaves; provided the whole produce of the land so under cultivation, or the proportion hereby prescribed, is appropriated to the use of the Slaves so employed; and provided also, that the Owner or Director distribute or causes to be distributed among them, their full allowance or rates of salt or fresh provisions aforesaid.: And provided further, that such Owner or Director shall attend the Council Board in the Island where such Plantation shall be situate, once in every twelve months, and then and there take the following oath.; viz.—1tc I do swear, That there are now Slaves upon

"or belonging to the Plantation under my direction, in the parish or division of (t and that there is under the cultivation of provisions upon the said

"Plantation, at lead in the proportion of one acre of land for every ten Slaves " thereon, and that the produce of the said land has been for twelve months last past, or for so much of the said twelve months lafhpaft as I have been Owner or " Director thereof, together with the quantity of provisions appropriated or distributed *mong thrsaid Slaves, fully adequate to the ratio of provisions directed " by this Act to be purchased or procured, distributed or shared among them, and " every other Slave for the time aforesaid-; and that the said produce has been ap-*u propriated, and the said provisions have been shared and distributed agreeable " to the directions of this Act, to the belt of my knowledge and belief. So help " me God."

6th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Director of any Plantation within the Leeward Islands, shall allot and give to every Slave of which he is Owner or Director, and who is capable of working the same,

*.piece or spot of-good well-laying land of forty fret-square at least, immediately round or dole to his house, if the fame can be done, without pulling down or injuring any other Negro house .; and if it cannot be so done, then every such Owner or Director shall allot and give to each and every such Slave the lame quantity of land, in some part of the said Plantation on which such Negro resides, and commodious for his working the fame, under the penalty of five pounds for every offence against this Clause; provided there isfo much land as is hereby required to be allotted as aforesaid-on the Plantations of which lie is such Owner or Director, not usually planted in canes, and if there is not, lie shall give and allow to every such Slave as aforesaid, in lieu of the fame, an annual compensation, which shall be equal to the anneal value of the land usually allotted as aforesaid, under the like penalty of five pounds for every instance in which he shall omit or neglect to make such compensation.

7th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Director of any Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall, twice in every year, that is to say, on the first day of January and the first day of August, provide for and give to each and every of his male Slaves, one jacket made of good found woollen doth, and one pair of trowsers made of good found ofenbrigs; and to each and every of his female Slaves, one wrapper of such woollen-cloth, and one petticoat of such ofenbrigs: Provided always, that in case any such Owner or Director Hull think proper to furnish such Slave with a good and sufficient blanket, and a hat or cap, with the con lent of such Slave, the same shall be in lieu of one luU of inch deaths as aforesaid.

8th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That once in every twelve months each and every Owner or Director of Slaves shall, under the penalty of one hundred pounds, appear before the Court of King’s bench or Common Pleas of

1 icj, tj E the

II. 18

slave trade—WEST INDIES

St. Christopher's

the Island where such Owner or Director toalfircfidc, nndftiail then and there takeahe r s following oath, vis. "I, A.B. do swear upon the Holy Evangelists of Almighty-God, <{ that I have truly and fairly distributed,.or caused to be distributed pr appropriated, for cc the Lift twelve months past (or for lo long as the find Owner or Director has had the ic tfr^dlionof such Slaves) between and among the Slaves under my direction, the ct full ratio of provisions and clothing, us directed by an Act, intituled, "An Act Cf more elfi&uully to provide for the Support, and to extend certain Regulations for {t the Protection of Slaves, to promote and encourage their Increase, and generally " to meliorate their Condition," to the belt of my knowledge, judgment, and " luht and without any fraud or intent to evade the said a<fc. So help me God." 9th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Doc-itor of any Slave or Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall give and allow to every such Slave who shall be employed in any field work, or any plantation, or in the carrying, digging, removing, or making tip manure, or in the picking grass, or in any plantation labour, in the performance of which breakfast and noon-timeis now usually allowed, at least one complete half hour for every such Slave to cat his break, fall, and at that time to rest and refresh himfilf, but no Slave shall at such time be permitted to quit the field or place jn which he is at work, without the particular leave of such Owner or Director, or of the Overseer or Driver acting under him; and every such Owner or Diie&or Hull also give and allow to every such Slave two full and complete hours at noon or dinner-time, to rest or refresh himfilf, or to procure, dress, or eat his dinner, during which two hours no such Slave shall be employed in any work, labour, business, or manner whatever; and any person offending agairdt this Clause, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum not less than twenty shillings nor more than five pounds,

10th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Owner or Director of Slaves belonging to any plantation within the Leeward Islands, shall call or turn out to his work any such Slave before the hour of five in the morning, nor shall any such Owner or Director continue any such Slave at work after the hour of-{even o’clock in the evening, except in crop time, or from some evident necessity, under the penalty of five pounds.

11th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whereas many Slaves, who have no Owners or Directors who can be discovered and compelled tot provid*. *or them, become incapable, from contagious disorders, old age, sickness, or other infirmities, of labouring to procure a subsistence for themfeWes, that in all such cases it shall and may be lawful for the Vestry of any Parish within the Leeward Islands, or the President of the Council, or Speaker of the Assembly, or any. Justice of tlit Peace where there is no Vestry, to provide in a Ratable manner for the support and maintenance of such Slave or Slaves, and to prefer the accounts for the same ag tinct the public of the Island in which such Slave shall be fount! or tlilcovered; and the said public is hereby charged with and made liable for the payment of such accounts out of its creasury, or such other funds as it may choose to apply in payment of the same.

12th. Whereas to avoid the inconveniences that do sometime arise from persont manumtoing and fitting free their Slaves, when they are rendered incapable of fir/ice by age, infirmity, accident, or calamity, to avoid the expence of providing a psopei subsistence for such Slave, Be it and it is hereby further Enacted, That if any Proprietor of a Slave fli il! manumit or fit free any Slave in his or her pof-iefiio-i, who shall be rendered ineipable of service from any of the causes aforesaid, that f'*ch Proprietor Hull be obi ged to pay into the hands of the Treasurer of the 3fl itiU whrre iVch Slave shall be lo manumitted and fetfree, the sum of three bundled p. unds currency, from which sum such Slave shall be entitled to draw half-yearly an iritmft arifu.g upon fiion sum, according to the rate of in rereft in each, reject vc IllmU, h r h,s fir her lulfistence during the life of such Slave; and that u4 on the death of T*i h Sj ive lb rn< muni r red and let flee, the said sum of three hundo p uftd> aimr.t, Ih Jl be pj-opr ated to the use of the public.

13th And be it m ii i ImCt d by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Diictltor of any Slave or Slaves within the Leeward Islands, shall keep and produce,

whenever legally required, a full, true, plain, and weekly account of all the provisions purchased for or distributed or shared out among all or any of his Slaves, and also of all commutation money paid in lieu of the fame, also a full, true, and weekly account of the number of his Slaves, under the penalty of five pounds for cadi and every week in which he shall neglect or omit to keep such account, and 3II0 an account of all clothing given to his Slaves, with the times of his giving the fame, and the number of Slaves cf which he is the Owner or Director at such times, under the penalty of twenty-five pound's j and if he shall refuse to produce such account or accounts whenever he shall be thereunto legally required, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty-five pounds.

14th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any white or free coloured person, who is not the Owner or Director of any Slave ill treated as herein after mentioned, shall bear or ill treat any Slave, or shall take away or cause to be taken away from any Slave any article or thing whatsoever, for which such Slave shall produce a ticket or note from his or her Owner or Director, authorizing him or her to foil or pefiefs such article or thing; or shall take away or cause to be taken away from any Slave any fiock, vegetables, provisions, grass tops, vowra, or any article or thing which such Slave shall be authorized by any present or future existing laws, triages, or customs of the Island wherein he resides, to fell or possess j or shall, after purchasing from any such Slave any of the articles or things aforesaid, refuse or omit to pay him or her the price agreed upon for the same, or shall knock off from tilt head of, or pull away from any Slave into the dirt of street, or trample on the ground, erfeatter about on it any such article or things whatever aforesaid, or cause the same to be done, in any such cases, on complaint made by the Owhcr of Director of the Aid Slaves, though it may be without oath, to any Justice of the Peace in or near the parish where the offence is committed, such Justice shall and is hereby authorized and directed, by an order in writing under his hahd, dating the complaint made by such Owner or Director, to command such person or persons against whom such complaint-was made, to appear at a time and place to be specified in fitch order before him and any other Justice who may be then and there present, that such complaint may be examined into; and such Justices are hereby authorized to take the examination of such person complained of, upon his or her own oath with respect to the said complaint, who shall be compelled to answer on oath such questions as the said Justices may put to him or her; and if such person shall not fully answer such questions, or, having been duly summoned, shall refuse to appear as aforesaid, he or file shall be considered asconvlfted of the said complaint; or if such person, having fully answered such questions, shall not fully exculpate him or herself, or shall be otherwise convicted before the said Justices, he or she shall be fined by the said Justices in any sum not exceeding ten pounds current money, to be recovered by warrant under the hands and seals of the said Justices, directed to any constable, commanding him forthwith to levy on the goods-and chattels of such offender sufficient to pay such fine, with all costs and charges attending all the proceedings aforesaid; and for want of such goods 2nd chattels, to commit such offender to the common jail for any time net exceeding one month, and such constable shall excute such warrant under the penalty of twenty pounds current money aforesaid; and the said Justices shall and may, if they think proper, dispose of the fine to the Slave so ill treated, as a compensation for the injuries he or she may have sustained.

15th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to remove any doubt which may arise as to the legality or propriety of punishing the Owners or Directors of any Slave for any cruel conduct cowards such Slave, it is hereby expressly declared and enabled, that if any person shall cruel/whip, maltreat, beat, or imprison, or keep in confinement,without sufficient supporr, any Slave under his or her direction or care, such person shall be kuhec d for the same in the Superior Cknirt of Criminal Jurisdiction for ti e Island wherein such offence shall be committed, and upon being legally convened thereof shall fuller such punishment, by fine or int-pritemnen, or both, as the Judges or Justices of laid Court shall dunk proper to in* M; and the faill Judges or J’tmtces are hercov authorized, if they fiiail ticun it mod* %, for the further prgteftton of the said Slave, to order the Matflul vr his Deputy to

St. Christopher's

H £0

SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

St. Christopher's

sell and dispose of such Slave to any person (except die Owner) ac public outcry, and at the heft price that can be procured for such Slave, and the monies arising from such falc, after the payment of the fees, shall be paid ro the person having the first lien xhereon, and in case of no such prior lien, then to the Owner of the said Slave.

16th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any person shall beat or maltreat any Slave not belonging to himself or herself, such offender shall not only be indited and punishtd for the same in like manner, but any punishment inflated by the Court of Criminal Jurisdiction for ilich offence shall not be considered as a bar to any action or lu.t at law which may be commenced by the Owners of in .-h Slave, or be considered in mitigation of any damages which may otherwise be given or recovered for Inch trcfp tfs or injury,

17th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Justice of the Peace shall receive any complaint or intelligence, which lie, in his own diferc-tion, shall think probable, that any Slave hath been mutilated, cruelly punished, or otherwise maltreated, or confined without a sufficient supporr, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to call to his assistance some other j uilice, and then such two justices shall be and are hereby authorized to order any constable to bring such Slave before them, or if the case shall require it, they are hereby authorized to go to such place where such Slave shall be, and direct such Slave to be produced nndllicwn to them, that such enquiry and other proceedings may be made and had as fli.iV be necessary for the further prosecution of the offence; and chat if such Justtecs shall think proper or necessary, they shall be and are hereby authorized to fend such Slave to some public place of security, or to the workhouse, if any is ptoyided in the Island where such Slave shall live, to be there kept and detained, and supported ac the expence of the Owner or Director of such Slave, until further enquiry shall be made into the fast according to law.

18th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner or Director of any Slave within the Leeward Islands, Hull fix round the neck, of any Slave any iron collar with projecting bars, hooks, or any collar with a chain or weight thereto, or shall put or fix upon any Slave any chain or any piece or ring of iron, cither round the leg or any other part of the body of such Slave, other than such as are absolutely necessary for securing the person of such Slave, it shall and may be lawful for any Julliec of the Peace, on information or view of the fame, to order such collar, chain, weight, hooks, bars, and rings, other than such as are necessary as aforesaid, to be taken eff such Slave at the expence of such Owner j and it shall also be lawful for such Justice to issue his warrant to bring such Owner before him, and if lie is of opinion that such Owner or Director has acted wantonly and cruelly in putting on or fixing as aforesaid any such collar, chain, weight, hooks, bars, or rings, or that he was not influenced solely by the motive of preventing the future desertion of such Slave, such Justice shall and may bind over every such Owner or Director, to appear ac the next Court of King's Bench, to be held for the Island where such offence shall be committed, then and there to suswer for the same, and upon conviction thereof to iic fined, at the discretion of such Courr, in any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds current money.

19th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Owner or Director of any Slave within the Leeward Islands, who may, from sickness or any other cause, (land in need of medical assistance, shall, without loss of time, procure such assistance for such Slave, and also shall provide for and furnish such Slave with all such food, wine, nourishment, and with all and every such other necessary and necessaries of every kind as the medical person, whose assistance he may call in, shall order or direct, under the penalty of fifty pounds for every omission.

20th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Slave, not under the age of six years, nor from natural decay, who shall die ftid-den’y, without having bem vjfued at least forty-eight hours before his or her ue* cease by fume medial person duly qualified to pr vitise pkyhc, it shall and may be lawful fur the Coroner, or where there is no Coioner, for Ionic J office of the Peace, 3r<d he is hereby authorized and commanded to hold an inquest, not confiding ot Ek than three persons, 00 the body of such Slave, to enquire into and return the

-t A/

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

ai H.

"Wife of His or her death; and if any Owner or Director of any Slave within the St. Leeward Islands, shall omit to give notice to the Coroner or Justice aforesaid, of the ChristopheP* deccale of any such Slave under the circumstances aforesaid, within six hours after fitch decease, or shall bury any Slave so dying before he shall have given such notice, or within eighteen hours after the fame, lie Hull forfeit for every such olK’ncc the sum of one hundred pounds* provided that die person taking such hmieft, shall in no case receive for the lame more than the sum of three pounds six shillings, to be paid by the public of said Island,

21st. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every white or fire person charged with the murder or maiming of any Slave, whether such id;«vr belong to such person or nor, shall be tried and punishrd for such murder or tM»min»!, in the same manner* without any lore of distin&ion or privilege, as if he or flip were charged with the murder or maiming of any white or "free person whatever: Provided nevertheless, that if he or flic shall be convi<fled, such conviction Ih.ill not extend to or occasion any corruption of blood, or forfeiture of kadi or tenements, goods or chattels.

22d. And whereas the marriage of Slaves cannot give any particular right, either to die contrasting parties or to their children, and it being unnecessary and even improper to enforce the celebration of any religious rites among die Slaves, in order to faftCUfy contrails, the faithful performance of which can be looked for only by a regular improvement in religion, morality, and civilization, and should not be immediately enforced by any compulsory methods, left: the violation of sacred vows be too often added to the crime of infidelity: And whereas it seems more-eligible to encourage than compel such improvement in religion, morality, and civilization among such Slaves for the purposes aforesaid, and for other good porpoics, Be it therefore further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner and Director of any Stave on any estate within the Leeward Islands, shall, within two months after the publication of this Act, and also on the fitft day of January every year, convene and aficmblc together the Slaves under his direction, and esquire which of-them have a husband or wife, or more than^nc; and if an acknowledgment be made, in consequence of such enquiry, of more than one husband or wife, then such Owner or Director shall compel such Slave making such acknowledgment, to cleft (bmc one Slave only as his or her husband or wife, and when such ckflion is made, such Owner or Director shall enter the fame in a book to be ’kept for that purpose, and make the same as public as pofliule, by convening once in every twelve month* all the Slaves upon such Plantation, and reading to them the same in a dtftinct and audible voice, ar the same time extolling the good behaviour ofthofc who have been faithful to their engagements, and reprobating she mifeon-dust «f those who have afled to the contrary, doing Ins utmost to keep together in harmony the parties who have made such cleft ion, and to encourage all the other Slaves of which he is Manager, Mailer, or Director, as they shall arrive at the age;of maturity, to make such cleft ion as nforclVid, and adhere as itricHy as possible to the fame. And every Owner or Director of any female Slave, who shall have a child while flic preserves her fidelity to such engagement as aforesaid, or is reputed so ro do, shall, m six weeks after the birth of tuch child, if the fame be then living, pay and give to the mother of such child four dollars, and the fame sum, with one dollar more fur every other child she shall bear and have under the iime circumstances; amWl any Owner or Director shall omit in any respect to comply with and-fulfi! the directions of this ClaulV, he shall fuifeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such omission.

23d. And be it further Ensiled determined by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Biredor shall give to every male and fen ale blave, who fn di live together faithfully and peaceably as aforesaid, as man and wife, one dvllar each for every year that they shall so live together.

24th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as any female Slave shall have fix children living, and who have been born during such cobabidon as aforesaid, ilu* veuiigeft <*t which shall be seven years of age, the

115.

« I'

OwnCi

St.

tCpltfidphct

Owner or Director of such female Slave, shall no: oblige such fvmaJc Slave to dt ’* any other than light work, under the penalty of twenty pounds.

25th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Owner or Director of any Slave, nor any Omfeer, nor any other description of white men on any Plantation, Hull weaken the effect of the exhortations and enquiries enjoined by tins law, by his own irregular conduct, in cohabiting or having criminal commerce with any female Slave, who shall have elect, d her husband as aforesaid, every such periuii fur every such offence, being thereof Convicted by legal teftur ony, before any two or more Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

26th. And whereas it appears to be impracticable and ineffectual to endeavour to compel any Siav\s to adopt and conform themselves to any religions establish nent, although tiny may be brought gradually to a cenfuterable degree of religious knowledge, by attention on the pare of their Owners or Director?, and the Clergy, Belt therefore further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in calc any Owner or Director shall in any manner whatsoever rcltrain or prohibit, or cause to be retrained or prohibited, any Slave (excepting such whnfe services are m-ccfljry on a Sunday) under his or her direction, from receiving religious instructwn by attending on Sundays at any church or chapel, or any other place of worfltip held by the regularly cthblished clergy of any religious christian fest tolerated in the Leeward Iflind*, or by receiving baptism according to the rites of the regularly established church, or other tolerat 'd christian church, such Owner or Director for every such offence* shall forfeit the turn of five pounds, and in calc any regular clergyman, who has any living in any of the Leeward Islands, shall refuse or neglect, when thereto reasonably required, to baprze any Slave without fee or reward, on any Sunday immediately after Dtvmc Service, such clergyman shall forfeit and pay for every such refusal and neglect the sum of thirty shilling.% provided that such clergyman shall not be com-i polled so to do, in case of the ignorance or ill character of such Slave so requiring to be baptized 1 but thar in all such cases such clergyman shall endeavour, by exhortation a d inst. uftion, to qualify such Slave as he may so reject, to be thereafter baptized and received into die faith of Christ’s church.

27th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Slave shall be sick, or unable, from any accident or cattle what foe ver, to perform his usual duty or labour, his or her Owner or Director shall cause such Slave to be visited by fume personduly qualified to praftilc physic anu surgery, according to the laws of the respective Island where such Slave shall live, and Hull cause such medicines, food, and other necessaries, as such qualified practitioner shall from time to time reasonably order 0? direct, to be duly administered to such Slave, under the penalty of five {sounds.

28th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every medical man fu qualified as aforesaid, ora proper white assistanr, shall attend each dilate-to the care of which he shall he appoint* d, at least two days in every week, whether thereto especially called or nor, mdefs he has notice in writing from the Proprietor or Director of such estate, that his pre euce is not required and such medical man or white aliiltant as a orekdd, shall further attend at all times when especially called upon lb so do, by the Proprietor or Directorof the Slave respectively; and if any medical man shall offend against tins Clause, he shall forfeit the sum of five pounds.

29th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said practitioner or his assistant shall attend, within eight hours after the call has come to his or the-r knowledge, under the pc any of ten pounds.

30th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or XJireftor of Slaves Hull have, under t! e penalty ol one hundred pounds, on the estate or place where the Slaves usually r« ft le, a commodious hospital or sick heuse, furn ihoj with proper eonveiitnees (or the lick, and u sufficient number of attend? an*s, an ! shall, under the penalty of twenty shillings, either in his own person or by funv* white periun under Ins direction, attend as 0-ten as may be requisite at the JkoJpiui or lick house, 10 fee that the sick are furnjflted with the medicines that may

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

n h.

"be ordered for them by the said practitioner or his assistant, in the manner so or- $t, dered, and also with such diet as the said practitioner or his assistant shall reasonably Christopher'*

direct to be given.

31st. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a book or register shall be provided and kept on every such estate by the Owner or Director, under die penalty of forty /hillings, in which the practitioner or assistant shall, also under the penalty of forty shillings, write in English language, oppofltc ro the name of each Slave so being sick, his directions as to the time or times of administering the medicines he intends to prescribe, stating the form in which they are to be sent, whether in pills, powder, or mixture, or in whatsoever other form, and also as to the diet to be provided for the Slave* and at the end of the fame directions, he shall write his prescripcions in the form tifually followed by medical practitioners.

33d. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Owner or DircChr of any Slaves shall have occasion to fend a special call to the practitioner, who shall have the care of the Slaves under his direction, he shall fend the lame in writing in the said book or register, stating the time of the day or night when he /ends for the lame, to the belt of his knowledge, and the name, age, sex, and bodily appearance of the Slave or Slaves on whose account such call Is made, together with the most material or urgent symptoms which such Slave exhibits, and any other circumstances that lie may think will assist the said practitioner in forming a judgment of the case, and may enable him to carry with him. such medicine as he may from such statement judge to be proper, if he can go immediately to vific the said Slave, or to lend such medicines or directions as may be of use until he can visit him, or cause him or herto be visited by his aflifrant <5r some other practitioner, if he has such other urgent medical business to attend as to prevent his visiting the said Slave immediately and that the said practitioner, his assistant, or some other free person, who may be kept to make up and dispence medicines for him, {nail infer: in the fame book or register, immediately after the statement hereinbefore directed to be made by the Owner or Director of the Slave, the time, as nearly as he can, when the said call shall arrive at the dwelling or other house of the said practitioner as aforesaid, under the penalty of forty shillings.

33d. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every practitioner shall keep, under the penalty of five pounds, on every eftace under his respective care, a small quantity of such medicines as may with fitfety be left in the hands of a person unikiJicd in the science of medicine, to be at hand in case of fuddeit emergency, with such directions as to their use as he may judge fufneient for the information of the Owner or Director of the Slaves, which directions ought to be-inferred in the fvft page of every new book or register so to be provided and kept as aforesaid, under the penalty of forty shillings.

34th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Proprietor of an estate Shall employ some medical gentleman, properly qualified, by the year, provided the Proprietor of the said estate is not a medical man himself, anti provided such medical aflifUoce can be procured upon reasonable terms, under the penalty of ten shillings for every Slave upon such estate.

35th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the first day of January m every year, or at the first meeting of the Council and Assembly of the island wherein the estate hereafter mentioned may be fitunced, the Owner or Director of every Plantation within the Leeward Islands, shall, under the penalty ot one hundred pounds, return upon oath before the Council and Assembly of the said Sihnds, a just and true account of ail berths and deaths of the Slaves on such Plantation, and also of the manner in which, to the bt ft of his opinion and judgment* the find Sia cs have been attended and provided fur when sick for the ‘preceding year, or during such time as he hath had the puflVfiion or management of fuc*<

Plantation and if any Proprietor, Manager* or Director, shall quit a Plantation *litre he has refidwd anytime, between the fit It of January in one year, and the first of January in the ensuing year, such Proprietor, Mincer, «r Director null, within ten days after he has so quitted such Plantation, nuke out such return, as bd-’tc circled, up to the time when he dees so remove* »indr? the penalty Eft aforesaid.

H. 14 SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

36th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the doctor or Christopher s surgeon of every Plantation shall, on the first day of January in every year, or at the first meeting of the Council and Assembly of the Island- wherein such estater, fhkllbe fir uated,.return as aforesaid, upon oath, an account of the Slaves who:haye died upon such Plantation, in the preceding year, or during such rime as lie hath-had' the cane of such Slaves, with the real causes of such-deaths, to the best of lYis knowledge, judgment, and belief, and also of the manner in which-, to the ,be(bo£ ;his-knowledge and belief, the invalid and Tick Slaves have been treated and attended to, under the penalty of one hundred pounds, for every such offence against this-Clause, 1

37th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Director of any female Slave within the Leeward Islands, who shall be five months gone with child, shall keep and detain such female Slave upon the estate to which she belongs, at all times when the other Slaves are at work, but not employ her otherwise than in taking care of the children on the estate, or other light work; and such Owner or Directer shall upon no account suffer such female Slave to cpnc the said estate at the times the other Slaves are at work and employed thereon; nor shall any such female Slave be punished in any other manner than fry confinement; and if any Owner or Director as aforesaid, shall offend against this Clatife in any respect, he ftiaU forfeit for the same the sum of five pounds ‘

38th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever hNeg rcf woman Slave shall be.- pregnant with :hcr firli child, ‘every Owner or 'D.ire&or of every such Negro woman Slave, shall efeft and build for her a roomy < and conir mpdious Negro house of two rooms; provided /he has no such house, and-such Proprietor shall mot chuie to compel her to lav in in the ward or hospital" for lying-m women hereafeer mentioned, under the penakyc of twentirpounds.

39th. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the number of female Slaves in any-of the Let'- ifd ’IQarids, in which a cargo of Slaves: shall be imported, shall not exceed the number of males* ;the sum- of ten Jhiilii)g3 shall be paid for every male so imported; and also that the sum of fifty pounds shall be paid for every aged and Infirm Negro-Slave Imported into any of the Leeward Islands in any cargo, after the expiration of two years from the publication of this Act.

40th. And it is hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That evefy penalty, and forfeiture imposed by this Act, npt other wise recoverable* shall be- re? covered by warrant under the hands and seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace,-directed,to the Provost Marshall or his lawfuK Deputy, who thereby authorized to levy the same on the goods and chattels of every;' person or persons offencf ing against this Act, and who shall be convicted thereof before such Justices* and shall bring the same to Tale within ten days after such levy j and for tire want of such goods and chattels, such offender shall be committed to the common gaolof the Island where such offence shall be committed, for any time:not exceeding fix- months nor iefs than five days, at the discretion of such Justices; and all such penalties and forfeitures shall go and belong to persons informing against such offender: Provided nevertheless, that every person:so convicted may appeal- to the next Superior Court of Criminal Jurisdiction, if he conceives himself aggrieved.

41st. And whereas many persons have often been prevented from suppSying their Slaves with sufficient food and clothing, by the encumbered state of their property* their Plantations and Slaves being some time charged with mortgages brother incumbrances to so great an amount, as upon a, levy and sale thereof to-leave no fuA plus or fund for the satisfaction of debts due for provisions or clothing furnished for the necessary subsistence of their Slaves, and merchants have therefore been- discouraged from felling provisions or clothing to persons in doubtful or embarrassed circumstances, to the very great distress and danger of the Slaves, and; also *to the manifest prejudice of mortgagees or other creditors whose securities- may either wholly, or, in a very great measure* depend upon the lives or good condition of such Slaves; Be.it therefore also chaffed and ordained by the Authority aforesaid*. That all debts which, from anti after the publication pi- this Act, shall be contrafted-by

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

the Proprietor or Possessor of any piece or parcel of land cultivated and carried on as a sugar, cotton, or coffee Plantation, by any Proprietor or Possessor of Slaves, not less than twenty in number generally employed as a taflc gang, or by the lawful attorney or agent of such Proprietor or Possessor, for any species of provisions of clothing hereinbefore mentioned and directed to be provided for Slaves, shall be deemed and corffidered as specific or prior liens, or incumbrances, upon all and every Slave and 'Slaves 'belonging to such Plantation or taflc gang, as far as the estate or iotereftof the Proprietor or Possessor of such Slave doth or can extend, to pay and satisfy the same; and that all and every such debt or debts shall be paid and satisfied in preference to any other debt or incumbrance whatsoever, although existing before the passing of this Act, except debts now due or hereafter to become due to His Majesty-i His Heirs or Sticcessorsj provided such provisions or clothing shall have been actually fold and delivered within the space or term of twelve calendar months next before the commencement of any action or suit for recovering or en*-forcing payment-.for the fame, and that such action or suit be commenced, proceeded upon, tried, and determined, in the manner and form herein after mentioned.

42d. And, in order to prevent persons in distressed and embarrassed circumstances, from fraudulently disposing of or otherwise misapplying any Negro provisions or clothing, which they have procured in consequence of this Act, to the prejudice of their former or other creditors, and that such frauds may the more easily be detected and punished, Be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Negro provisions or clothing shall be fold, and the person or persons felling the fame is or are desirous that the Slaves of the person or persons, to whom or for whefe life such provisions or clothing are fold and delivered, shoukl be specifically bound for the payment of the Monies due or owing for the same, a memorandum in writing of such Tale and delivery shall, upon the fame day, be made and entered irt a book to be kept for that particular purpose, and such memorandum or entry shall be signed by the person or persons to whom or for whose use the said provisions or clothing were fold and delivered, or by his, her, or their lawful attorney or attornies, or known agent or white servant; and if the person or persons to whom or for whose use such provision or clothing have been so sold and delivered, or his, her, or their attorney, or known agent or servant, shall fell, give away, or exchange the said provisions or clothings or any part or or parcel thereof then and in such case the person or persons so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds j and if flick fine shall not be paid during the Sitting or Session of the Court before whom the said offence shall be prosecuted, such offender or offenders shall suffer one year’s imprisonment, without bail or mainprize, in lieu of the said fine.

43d. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any complaint or information, in writing, of or concerning the felling, giving away, or exchanging any Negro provisions or clothing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, shall be made or exhibited to any Justice of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice, and he is hereby required to order and direct any person or persons having in his, her, or their custody, possession, or power, any book or books wherein any memorandum or acknowledgment, in writing, of the sale and delivery of any Negro provisions or clothing shall be made or entered in pursuance of this Act, to produce before him such book or books, and also to examine upon oath such person or persons, or any other person or persons whom he in his discretion shall think proper, touching the said book or books, or the entries made or contained therein, so far as the same shall appear to be necessary or material for the proof or support of the said complaint or information, and also to require and take from the person or persons having in his, her, or their custody, possession, or power, such book or books, a recognizance in and for the sum of five hundred pounds current gold or silver money, conditioned for the appearance of such person or persons at the Court wherein such complaint or information is intended to be further prosecuted, and for his, her, or their producing before the Grand Jury and Petit Jury of the said Court, such book or books, or writings, as in the said recognizance shall be

H. 26 SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

St. Christopher’s

particularly mentioned and specified, and for his, her, or their duly attending to give evidence or testimony at or upon the trial of any indictment or information which shall be preferred or prosecuted for the felling, giving away, or exchanging any Negro provisions or clothing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, or to the like purport or effect and if such person or persons shall refuse to produce such book or books, or to be examined touching the same as aforesaid, or to enter into a recognizance to the purport or effect aforesaid, he, (lie, or they shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of such Justice, be committed to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, unt’l he, (lie, or they (hal submit to produce such book or books, and be examined touching the fame, anc to enter into such recognizance as aforesaid.

44th. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the trial of any indictment or information which may be prosecuted for the said offence, it shall appear to the Court and jury before whom such indictment 01 information shall be tried, that, within the space of three calendar months next before the commission of the sect charged in such indictment or information, any Negro provisions or clothing have been sold and delivered in pursuance of this Act, for the use of the Slaves belonging to the Plantation or talk gang in the possession, or under the care or direction of the defendant or defendants to such indictment or informationj and that a memorandum or entry of such lale-and delivery ir manner and form hereinbefore mentioned, hath' been duly made, and the said de fendant or defendants shall not be able to prove that the Negro provisions anc clothing, for the sale, gift, or exchange whereof the said indictment or informatioi is prosecuted, were not purchased and delivered in pursuance of this Act, but upor the credit of the person or persons to whom and for whole use the fame were folc and delivered, such omission or want of proof by or on the part of such defendant or defendants, shall be deemed and taken as sufficient evidence or proof to the Grant Jury and Petit Jmy that such Negro provisions or clothing have been fold, given away, or exchanged, contrary to the intention of this Act.

45th. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That when any action or suit shall be commenced and prosecuted for the payment or recovery of any monies due or owing for Negro provisions or clothing, and it is intended that such action or suit shall operate-or take effect as a prior charge or lien upon the Slaves of the defendant or defendants to such action or suit, or of his, her, or their testator or testatrix, or initiate, under or by virtue of this Act, the declaration oc counts in such action pr suit shall not mention or contain any article, consideration, or cattfe of action whatsoever, other than the saie and delivery of such provisions or clothings nor shall the Jury, upon the trial of such action or luic, find or afifcfs any other or greater damages by way of interest or otherwise, than the amount or value of the provisions pr clothing actually fold and delivered to such defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their testator, testatrix, or inteftarc, within the said term of twelve calender months next before the commencement of such action or suit-; nor shall any damages whatsoever be found or assessed in such action or luir, unless a particular account of the several quantities of the said provisions or clothing, and the price or prices at or for which the fame were actually fold and delivered, be produced and proved in open Court j and it be also proved, that a memorandum or acknowledgment, in writing, of the sale and delivery of such provisions or clothing-was duly made and entered in the manner and form hereinbefore mentioned and required} nor shall any other admission, acknowledgment, or confession of the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, or of any other person or persons on his, her, or their part or behalf, be received or admitted as proof of the sale or delivery of such provisions or clothing, or any part thereof* any law, usage, or custom- to the contrary notwithstanding.

46th. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the verdict of the Jury shall be given in such action or suit, the secretary or clerk of the Court shall add to the entry of such verdict the following words, viz. u according to the foim and effect of the Act of the General Council and General Assembly of the Leeward Charibbee Islands," and the same words shall also be mentioned

LEEWARD ISLANDS. 27 H.

St. Christopher’s

in the entry of ahy jridgment which shall be obtained upon fUfch yerdi&j aifd in Iny writ of execution issued upon such judgment, and also in the entry or Hdtice of jfu'ch execution, in the books of the Provost MarfliSi, Deputy Provost Marffiab or other person to whom the said writ of execution shall be delivered.

47th. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Slaves belonging to the person or persons to whom or for whbfc use such fcrovisions or clothing were fold and delivered, shall be bound and be liable for the payment <if-satisfaction of any writ of execution which shall be issued upon any judgment obtained irrTuch action or fiiit, in the manner and form hereinbefore mentioned, provided fUcii judgment shall be obtained wirhin the space or term of nine calendar months n’ekt after the commencement of such action or suit; and that when any writ or writs of execution have been alrer dv issued against the defendant or defendants' in such action or suit, or his or their ancdlor, testator, or inrestate, the plaintiff or plrintiffs in fuclf action or suit, or some other person or persons on his, her, or their behalf,’ shall hrtalec oath before any Judge or Justice of the Court where to fufcn action or suit shall be' commenced, of the monies which, according to the best of his, her, or their knowledge,' and belie4*, are really and bona fide dub or owingtintoTuch pfaiH'tiffor plaintiff;, ants deliver a true conv of such affidavit oh depositioH;* after the famfe hathfficeri fiicd in the proper office, unto the Provost Marsh il, or ether officer wKbfc duty it miy be to x levy the said writ or writs of execution, together with a notice in Writing,; signed by such plaintiff or plaintiffs, or Jiis, her, or their counsel or attorney, requiring,the said Provost Mat dial, Deputy Provost Marshal, or other officer, ifany monies should be received by him under or by virtue of the said writ or writs of execution, to,keep and retain so much of the said monies as will be sufficient to facisfv any judgment which may thereafter be obtained in such action or suit.

48th. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all judgments' recovered against any executors or administrators for* moHics due or owing for Negro provisions and clothing* fold and delivered to tfieir testator bl tntei$ate, in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid and satisfied in prefcrtnce to' any ether judgment, incumbrance, or debt whatsoever, other than debts dye to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; provided that an action or suit for the recovery of the said monies so due and owing for Negro provisions and clothing, be commenced within one calendar month next after the will of the person to whom or for whose the said provisions or clothing were fold and delivered, hath been proved and recorded, or letters of administration of the goods and chattels, rights and credits, of the person to whom or for whose use such provisions or clothing were fold and delivered, hath been obtained, and that such suit be prosecuted to judgment with effect, and without any improper or unnecessary delay whatsoever.

49th. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any doubt or difficulty snail arile upon the construction of any ledlionvxlause,;^ fenrence,’contained in this Act, such Tedtion, clause, or fenrence, shall always be favourably construed, in such manner and’ form as will bed tend to promote and secure the protection and comfort of Slaves, according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

50th. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action, suit, or prosecution, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Justice or Justices, or any other person or persons, for any matter or bSing done "or performed under or by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to ‘and for the defendant or defendants in such action, suit, or prosecution, to plead the general issue, and to give this Act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors in such action, suit, or prosecution, shall be nonsuited, or discontinue such action, suit, or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, or prosecutor or prosecutors, upon verdict, demurrer, or otherwise, such plaintiff or plaintiffs, or prosecutor or prosecutor, Hull pay to such defendant or defendants treble costs of fuir,’* for1 which such defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as any other defendant or defendants have or may have in other actions or fairs.

---

H. 28 SLAVE TRADE-WEST INDIES

St. Christopher’s

51st. And be it also Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or hinder the Legislature of any Island or Islands within the government of the Leeward Charibbee Islands, from making and passing any law or laws which may be thought necessary or proper for the better subsistence or protection of the Slaves in such Island, or for explaining or amending any of the clauses or sentences in this Act hereinbefore mentioned and contained; so as such law or laws do not contain any clause, matter, or thing, which shall in any degree lessen or restrain any protection, privilege, or indulgence, provided or granted to Slaves by this Act, according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

52d. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties hereby imposed, and not hereinbefore provided for, shall be recoverable by indictment or information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, within any of the said Islands where such penalties may be incurred; and that such penalties, when so recovered, shall be paid into the public treasury of the said Island, to be appropriated for the public uses thereof: Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, that this Act shall not be in force, or have any effect or operation whatsoever, until approved and confirmed by His Majesty, and such approbation and confirmation shall have been duly signified and published.

Dated in St. Christopher, this 21st day of April, in the 38th year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith and so forth, and in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Read and passed the General Assembly, this 16th day of April 1798.

(Signed) Ja. Ward,

Clerk of Genl Assembly.

(Signed) O. Y. Ash,

Speaker.

Read and passed the General Council, this 20th day of April, 1798.

(Signed) E Moore,

Clerk of the General Council.

<snip>

