COLONIAL LAWS

AND

CORRESPONDENCE

RESPECTING

SLAVES.

Ordered to be printed 26th February 1817.

CONTENTS.

COPIES OF ACTS.

BAHAMAS.

No. 1. — 23d December 1795. — An Act to prohibit the selling, purchasing, hiring or employing, of certain Foreign Slaves, except as is therein excepted; for authorizing the Provost Marshal to sell, confine, and transport the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned. - p. 5

No. 2. — 1796. — An Act to consolidate and bring into one Act the several laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further protection and security; for altering the mode of trial of Slaves charged with capital offences; for suspending the Several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned, and for other purposes. - p. 8

No. 3. — 14th January 1805. — An Act for fixing the mode of trying Questions relative to the freedom of Negroes and other persons of Colour, and for suspending certain Acts therein mentioned. - p. 20

No. 4. — 29th February 1808. — An Act to continue an Act passed in the forty fifth year of His Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act for trying Questions relative to the Freedom of Negroes and other persons of Colour, and for suspending certain Acts therein mentioned." - p. 21

No. 5. — 21st December 1808. — An Act to prevent persons on Turks Islands from retailing spirituous liquors, without being licensed, from trafficking with Slaves, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and to suspend so much of an Act, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act made and passed in the forty-fifth year of His Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent Persons on the Out-Islands retailing spirituous liquors without being licensed, from trafficking with Slaves, and for other purposes therein mentioned," as extends to Turks Islands aforesaid." - p. 22

No. 6. — 31st December 1808. — An Act for regulating the hire of Slaves, carts, waggons and drays, and for other purposes therein mentioned. - p. 23

No. 7. — 31st December 1808. — An Act to continue in force an Act to prohibit the purchasing, selling, hiring or employing of certain Foreign Slaves, except as therein excepted, and for other purposes therein mentioned. - p. 24

No. 8. — 3d November 1809. — An Act to further continue An Act, intituled, "An Act to bring into one Act the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further protection and security, for altering the mode of trial of Slaves charged with capital Offences, for suspending the several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned, and for other purposes." - p. 25

BARBADOES.

No. 9. — 14th March 1809. — An Act to remove doubts concerning the trial of Slaves manumitted after the commission of felonies of which they may stand accused. - p. 25

DOMINICA.

No. 10. — 16th June 1810. — An Act to regulate the manumitting of Slaves in this Island; to impose a tax upon manumissions, and to impose a tax upon all free and manumitted persons coming to this Island. - p. 26

No. 11. — 19th February 1811. — An Act for ascertaining the number of White persons, Free persons of Colour, and Slaves in this Island. - p. 27

JAMAICA.

No. 12. — 29th October 1807. — An Act to authorize and empower the Commander in Chief for the time being to cause parties to be raised and fitted out for suppressing any rebellion, and for going in pursuit of and reducing runaway Slaves. - p. 31

No. 13. — 28th November 1807. — An Act for providing a maintenance for people of Free condition confined for debt, and Slaves confined in the county gaols of this Island. - p. 38

No. 14. — 28th November 1807. — An Act to repeal several Acts therein mentioned respecting Slaves, to declare Slaves assets for payment of debts and legacies, and in what manner they shall descend and be held as property, and be sold and conveyed in certain cases. - p. 39

No. 15. — 14th December 1809. — An Act for the protection, subsisting, clothing, and for the better order, regulation and government of Slaves, and for other purposes. - p. 4.

No. 16. — 4th December 1813. — An Act to enable persons of Colour and Negroes of Free condition, to save deficiencies for their own Slaves, and for the Slaves of each other. - p. 62

No. 17. — 4th December 1813. — An Act to repeal several Acts and the clause of an Act of this Island, respecting persons of Free condition, and for granting to such persons certain privileges. - p. 63

No. 18. — 4th December 1813. — An Act to enable the justices and vestry of the several parishes of this Island to fit out parties of confidential Slaves. - p. 64

No. 19. — 23d November 1814. — An Act for rendering more effectual two certain Acts of this Island respecting Foreign Slaves and Foreigners of a certain description, one passed in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the other passed in the year one thousand eight hundred and one. - p. 66

( 4 )

SAINT CHRISTOPHER.

No. 20. — 4th May 1790. — An Act to restrain thefts committed by Negro and other Slaves, and to prevent the dishonest traffick carried on by such as deal with them. - p. 70

No. 21. — 16th June 1808. — An Act to explain and render more effectual an Act, intituled, ’An Act to restrain thefts committed by Negro and other Slaves, and to prevent the dishonest traffick carried on by such as deal with them.’ - p. 74

SAINT VINCENT.

No. 22. — 9th January 1805. — An Act to appoint Commissioners for the purpose of obtaining an exact account of the number of the coloured Free people, and number Of Negroes within this Government and its dependencies. - p. 75

No. 23. — 4th September 1811. — An Act to revive an Act, intituled, ’An Act to appoint commissioners for the purpose of obtaining an exact account of the numbers of Negroes in this Government and its dependencies.’ - p. 77

No. 24. — 19th June 1813. — An Act to explain and amend an Act, intituled, ’An Act for making Slaves real estate, and the better government of Slaves and Free Negroes.’ - p. 78

No. 25. — 20th March 1815. — An Act to repeal the fourth clause of an Act, intituled, ’An Act to explain and amend an Act, intituled, "An Act for making Slaves real estate, and the better government of Slaves and Free Negroes," and to amend and re-enact the same.’ - p. 80

TOBAGO.

No. 26. — 6th November 1807. — An Act to prevent more effectually Slaves absenting themselves from the Service of their masters, owners or renters. - p. 81

No. 27. — 29th April 1814. — An Act to amend an Act, intituled, ’An Act to prevent the clandestine departure of persons from the island.’ - p. 82

No. 28. — 14th October 1814. — An Act to compel persons manumitting Slaves in this Island, to provide for their support, and to restrict Manumissions of Slaves belonging to other Islands. - p. 83

COPIES AND EXTRACTS of CORRESPONDENCE;

<Table of correspondence removed.>

( 5 )

COLONIAL LAWS

RESPECTING

SLAVES.

BAHAMA ISLANDS.

No. 1.

An ACT to prohibit the selling, purchasing, hiring or employing of certain Foreign Slaves, except as is therein excepted; for authorizing the Provost Marshal to sell, confine and transport the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[23d December 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is necessary, for the safety and tranquillity of these Islands, that all communication between the slaves thereof, and certain slaves and people of colour who have been lately, or may be hereafter brought to or shall arrive or be found in these Islands, should as much as possible be prevented: May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by his Excellency the right honourable John earl of Dunmore, Your Majesty's Lieutenant and Governor General, the Council and Assembly of Your Majesty's Bahama Islands, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same,

[French negroes not to be sold, employed, &c.]

That from and after the expiration of six months next after the publication of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whatever to sell, purchase, hire or employ any slave or slaves, which to his, her or their knowledge did, or now do, belong to any subject of the French government, or to any person or persons residing within any of the territories colonies or dominions thereof, and which slave or slaves has or have been imported or brought into these Islands since the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or which shall or may be hereafter brought, or shall arrive or be found within these Islands, from the Island of Saint Domingo, or any French colony whatsoever; and that any person or persons selling,purchasing, hiring or employing any such slave or slaves, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds for each slave so sold, purchased, hired or employed, to be recovered as is herein after directed:

[Proviso.]

Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the selling, purchasing, hiring or employing, in the Islands of New Providence, Harbour island, and Eleuthera, their dependencies, and Watling’s island, any French negroes or slaves already imported or brought into these Islands.

[French negroes not to be employed in droging or coasting vessels.]

2d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the expiration of six months next after the publication of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to hire or employ any such negro or other French slave or slaves as hath or have been brought into these Islands since the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or such as may hereafter be brought into the same on board of any droging, wrecking, or other vessel belonging to any inhabitant or inhabitants of these Islands, and employed in the trade of the same, under the penalty of one hundred and fifty pounds for every such negro or other French slave so hired or employed:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that nothing in this Act

( 6 )

BAHAMAS.

contained shall be construed or understood to prevent the employing of any of the said negroes, now actually belonging to any inhabitant of the Island of New Providence, Harbour Island and Eleuthera, in any vessel or vessels resorting to the coast of Florida, for the purpose of turtling, fishing, or wrecking.

[French negroes found at large to be apprehended and sent to gaol;]

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such French negro or other slave shall be found at large in any of these Islands, except (as is hereinbefore excepted) in the Islands of New Providence, Harbour Island and Eleuthera, their dependencies, and Watling’s Island, all and every of His Majesty's subjects are hereby required and empowered to apprehend such French negro or other slave, and to carry him, her, or them before any justice of the peace, he is hereby required and empowered to associate with any two other justices, who together shall take the examination of such negro or other French slave, and commit him or her to the common gaol in the town of Nassau, and shall transmit a copy of such examination, and also a copy of his or her warrant of commitment, to the provost marshal, under the penalty of one hundred and fifty pounds;

[and to be sold for transportation.]

and the provost marshal is hereby empowered and required to receive into his custody and charge all and every such French negro or other slave, and to sell him or her for transportation, as soon after as opportunity shall offer, and to advertize the sale and transportation of such negro or other slave, under the penalty of one hundred and fifty pounds for every neglect; and the monies arising from any such sale, after deducting the usual commissions and charges, shall be paid into the public treasury; provided nevertheless, that if any owner or owners of such slave or slaves, shall appear and make good his, her, or their claim to such slave or slaves, within six months next after such sale, then in such case, the monies arising therefrom shall be' paid over to such owner or owners, after deducting therefrom a further commission of six pounds per centum.

4th. And whereas divers French subjects, planters and other free inhabitants of Saint Domingo, and having property there, are forced, by the tyranny and oppression of the persons having the government of that colony in their hands, or for other reasons, are obliged to quit the said colony, and to take their departure on board neutral vessels, are frequently brought into the port of Nassau by ships of war and private armed vessels having commissions or letters of marque: And whereas the slaves of such persons, being French property, are liable to condemnation in the court of vice admiralty of these Islands;

[The prize master of any vessel having French slaves to report the same to the receiver general;]

be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the arrival of any ship or vessel, which may hereafter be captured by any ship of war or other commissioned vessel, and brought into the port of Nassau for adjudication, and on board of which there shall be any French slave or slaves, the prize master, or other person having the command or direction of such ship or vessel shall, and he is hereby required and directed to make a written report, on oath, to the receiver-general and treasurer of such slave or slaves, with such particulars respecting the same as may have come to his knowledge;

[which slaves shall be sent to gaol, until sold for transportation.]

and the said receiver-general and treasurer is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, as speedily as may be, to the provost marshal, an exact copy of such report, and the provost marshal shall forthwith make a demand of such slave or slaves, in order that they may be, without loss of time, delivered to him or his deputy; and on such delivery he is directed and required to commit the said slave or slaves to the common gaol, there to remain, at the expence of the captors, until disposed of according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

[Penalty for refusing or neglecting to report French slaves.]

5th. And be it further enacted, That in case any prize-master, or other person whom it may concern, shall neglect or delay to make the report required of him within twelve hours after his arrival in the port of Nassau, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver any slave or slaves demanded as aforesaid to the said provost marshal or his deputy, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds for such neglect, refusal, or delay.

[French slaves condemned to be sold for transportation.]

6th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of condemnation in the court of vice-admiralty of any such slave or slaves as lawful prize, the same shall be sold for transportation only for the benefit of the captors; and in case of acquittal of such slave or slaves, the claimant or claimants of the same shall transport such slave or slaves from these Islands within the space of one month from

( 7 )

BAHAMAS.

such sentence of acquittal:

[Proviso.]

Provided nevertheless, that in case either of condemnation or acquittal in the said court of vice-admiralty it shall and may be lawful for the provost marshal to detain and secure in gaol all such slaves so condemned or acquitted, until they shall be transported as is hereinbefore directed.

[Slaves acquitted to be transported in three months.]

7th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the proprietor or proprietors shall not transport his, her, or their said slave or slaves, within the term of three months from their acquittal as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for the provost marshal or his deputy, to sell and transport him, her, or them, in manner as is hereinbefore directed; and each and every proprietor of any slave or slaves who shall wilfully delay or neglect to transport the same, as herein directed and required,

[Penalty.]

shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds for every slave not transported in conformity to this act; and the monies arising from the sale of any such slave or slaves shall, after deducting a commission of five pounds per centum and all expences, be paid by the said marshal into the public treasury.

[Persons having French slaves to report the same to the receiver general.]

8th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person possessed of French slaves who have been brought into these Islands since the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, shall, within three months next after the publication of this Act, and for which notice for that purpose shall be given in the Bahama Gazette, deliver in an account, on oath, of the number and quantity of all such slaves to the receiver general, under the penalty of one hundred and fifty pounds for every such slave so unaccounted for.

[French persons of colour to be arrested and committed to gaol, until they transport themselves.]

9th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the Peace, constable or other peace officer, at any time after the expiration of two months from and after the publication of this act, to take up and arrest, and to commit to the common gaol, any free negro, mulatto, or other person of colour, being French, brought into these islands since the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, or which shall hereafter be brought into these islands, and who shall be found at large in the island of New Providence, or any other island within this government; and the provost marshal or keeper of the gaol is hereby directed and required to receive such free negro, mulatto or other person of colour, and him or her to detain and keep in the common gaol aforesaid, until he or she shall cause himself or herself to be transported at his or her own expence.

[Fines, &c. in whose name.]

10th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, forfeitures and penalties under this act, shall be sued for in the name of the King, or of the receiver general and treasurer, in the general court of these Islands; and on judgment against the defendant, full costs of suit shall be allowed and paid; and that the monies so recovered shall be applied, as may be directed by any act to be passed in this present session, or in any future session of the general assembly, and not otherwise.

[Persons sued to plead the general issue.]

11th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done or to be done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and in case of nonsuit or discontinuance, or upon verdict or demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs of suit.

[Continuance of this Act.]

12th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue and be in force from and after the publication thereof, for and during the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the next session of the assembly, and no longer.

( 8 )

BAHAMAS.

No. 2.

An ACT to consolidate and bring into one Act, the several laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further protection and security; for altering the mode of trial of Slaves charged with capital offences; for suspending the several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned, and for other purposes.

[1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws which have been enacted for the government of slaves should be consolidated and brought into one act; that some further provisions should be made for their protection; and that the mode of trying slaves, charged with capital offences, should be altered and regulated as nearly as local circumstances will admit, according to the rules of the common law: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by his Honor, John Forbes esquire. Your Majesty's Lieutenant Governor and Commander in chief, the Council and Assembly of Your Majesty's Bahama Islands; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, all and every the herein after mentioned laws, and clauses and parts of laws, so far forth as the same do relate to negroes or other slaves, be and the same are hereby suspended for and during the continuance of this act, any thing in the said laws and clauses of laws, or in any other law, to the contrary notwithstanding;

[Laws suspended.]

that is to say, an act passed in the seventh year of Your Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for governing negroes, mulattos, and indians; also one other Act, passed in the eighth year of Your Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for suspending a clause in an act intituled An Act for governing of negroes, mulattos, and indians, and for amending the said Act; also one other act, passed in the twentieth year of Your Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for suspending parts of certain clauses, and amending other clauses in an act, intituled An act for governing negroes, mulattos, and indians; also one other act, passed in the year last aforesaid, intituled An act for governing negroes, mulattos, musties, and indians, and for suspending several acts therein mentioned; also one other act, passed in the same year last aforesaid intituled An Act to amend a clause in an act passed in the seventh year of His present Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for governing negroes, mulattos, and indians.

[Allowance of provision to slaves.]

2nd. And whereas it is due to good policy, as well as to humanity and justice, that the condition of slaves should be rendered as comfortable as possible, by supplying them with good, wholesome, and sufficient provisions, with proper clothing and other necessaries; and it is expedient that the same should be regulated by law; be it enacted, That the master, owner, or possessor of every plantation, pen, or other lands whatsoever, within these Islands, shall provide and give to every slave above the age of ten years, at and after the rate of one peck of unground indian or guinea corn, or twenty-one pints of wheat flour, or seven quarts of rice, fifty-six pounds of potatoes, cocoes, or yams, per week; over and above a sufficient quantity of land, as and for the proper ground of every such slave; and one-half of the aforesaid allowance to each child below the aforesaid age of ten years.

[Provision for disabled or infirm slaves, to be made by their owners.]

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no master, owner, or possessor of any slave, whether in his or her own right, or as attorney, guardian, trustee, executor, or otherwise, shall discard or turn away any such slave, by reason of such slave being rendered incapable of labour by sickness, age, or infirmity;

[Penalty on owners of infirm or aged slaves suffering them to wander about in want.]

but every master, owner, or possessor shall be and he is hereby obliged to keep every such sick, infirm, disabled, or superannuated slave on his estate or premises, and to find and provide such slave with wholesome necessaries of life, and not to suffer any such slave to be in want thereof, or to wander about and become burthensome to others, under the penalty of ten pounds for every offence; to be recovered in a summary manner before any two justices of peace, who are hereby authorized and required to cause any master, owner, or possessor offending in the premises, or his her or their agent or attorney, and such other person as they shall judge necessary, to be summoned before them, to enable them to judge of the justice of any such

( 9 )

BAHAMAS.

---

charge, and to determine whether such master, owner, or possessor ought to incur the aforesaid penalty; and in the meantime and until such trial can be had, the said justices of the peace, on their view, or on the information of any white person on oath, are hereby required to take up any such wandering sick, aged, or infirm slave, and to lodge him or her in the nearest workhouse or other place of security, there to be clothed and fed, but not compelled to work, at the expence of such master, owner, or possessor, until such trial as aforesaid can be had; and if it shall appear to the said justices upon such trial that the party or parties complained of is or are guilty of the offence alleged, and he, she or they shall refuse to pay the said penalty, together with the workhouse fees and charges of conviction, the said justices are hereby authorized and required to commit such offender or offenders to the next common gaol, there to remain until he, she or they shall pay the same.

4th. And whereas by reason of deaths or removals of proprietors of slaves, of their being manumitted without any suitable provision being made for their maintenance, and from other causes, some unhappy objects, rendered unable to labour by disease, old age, or other means, have become burthensome to the inhabitants; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the vestries of the several parishes and Islands, once in every year, to lay a tax upon the inhabitants, in the same manner as the parochial taxes are usually laid, for the purpose of railing such sum as they shall judge necessary for the maintenance, clothing, medical care, and attendance of all such negro, mulatto, or other slaves, or other unhappy objects; and any two justices of the peace are hereby authorized and required, upon application being made to them, to order all such objects as aforesaid to be removed and conveyed to the workhouse of the parish where (if a Have) the former owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, lived or resided, or (if a person of colour made free) where the person or persons who manumitted or set free such person of colour retided before his or her manumission, there to be lodged and taken care of; and the justices of the peace and vestries of the several Islands and parishes are hereby authorized and required from time to time to make such humane regulations for the purposes aforesaid as to them shall seem necessary and expedient.

5th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every mailer or owner shall provide and give to every slave, in his or her possession, two suits of proper and sufficient clothing in the course of every year, under the penalty of fifty pounds for each offence.

6th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all mailers and owners, or in their absence their overseers, shall, as much as in them lies, endeavour to instruct their slaves in the Christian religion, and shall do their endeavours to tit them for baptism; and as soon as conveniently may be, shall cause to be baptized all such slaves as they can make sensible of a Deity, and of the Christian faith.

7th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any master, owner, or other person whatsoever, who shall wilfully mutilate any slave, or cause, permit, or suffer any slave to be mutilated, with his or her privity or consent, shall be liable to be indicted and prosecuted in the general court for the fame; and upon conviction shall be punished by fine, dot exceeding one hundred pounds, and imprisonment not exceeding twelve months, for every offence; and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any action that could or might be brought by the owner or proprietor for recovery of damages for or on account of the fame; and in cases where the owner of any such slave shall be guilty of any such offence, it shall and may be lawful for the court, if it shall seem necessary for the future protection of such slave, to declare him or her to be free and discharged from all manner of servitude, to all intents and purposes whatever; and m all such cases it shall and may be lawful for the court to order the same to be paid to the vellry of the parish to which such slave belonged, to the use of the said parish; the vestry in consideration thereof paying to such slave so made free an annuity of ten pounds per annum during life; and in case any slave or Hayes shall suffer any such mutilation as aforesaid, any justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, on view of the fad, to fend such slave to the nearest (18.) C workhouse.

Vestries authorized to support infirm negroes, who have no meant of tab* fistence.

Clothing of a flare.

Slaves to be in* (traded in the principles of the Christian religion.

Penalties on matters, Arc. for mutilating or mahning flares.

( «° )

BAHAMAS, workhouse, there to be kept and carefully attended at the expense of the parish, until such time as there can be a meeting of the justices and vestry of such parish,

which justices and vestry are hereby created a council of prote&ion for such dave, and are authorized and required to make full enquiry respecting the mutilation of such slave, and, if to them it shall appear proper, shall cause the owner or owners of such mutilated slave to be indicted and prosecuted, the expenses of which profit-cution shall be paid by the parish where such offence shall be committed; and in case the owner or owners of such slave or slaves shall be able to pay the costs and damages of such prosecution, the churchwardens and vestry are hereby required to commence a suit or suits against such owner or owners, in which they shall recover all costs and charges by them laid out and expended in such criminal prosecution and civil action; and the keeper of the workhouse to which any such . slave shall have been committed is hereby required, upon due notice of the meeting of such justices and vestry, to produce such mutilated slave or slaves for their inspection, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every neglect.

Slaves not to be 8th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be mutilated for any lawful for any court of justice to pass any sentence whereby any slave shall be o ence. directed to be mutilated or maimed, for any offence whatever.

Persons killing a 9th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person

to be adjudged shall wilfully and with malice aforethought kill or cause to be killed any negro and murder °and to or ot^er slave» every such person shall be adjudged guilty of felony and murder, suffer death,without and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy; provided always, that no such benefit of clergy, conviction shall extend to the corruption of blood, or the forfeiture of lands or tenements, goods or chattels; any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons guilty of cruelty to slaves to be indicted therefore in the general court.

10th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall wantonly or cruelly whip, maltreat, beat, bruise, wound, imprison, or keep in confinement without sufficient support, any slave or slaves, he, she or they shall be subject to be indicted for the fame in the general court, and shall suffer such punishment by fine or imprisonment, or both, as the court shall think proper to inflict; and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any action that may be brought for recovery of damage, in case such slave shall not be the property of the offender.

Punishment of 11 th. And in order to restrain arbitrary punishments, be it further enacted by

flares. the authority aforesaid, That no slave shall on any account receive more than

twenty lashes at any one time, or for any one offence, unless the owner or employer of such slave, or supervisor of the workhouse, or keeper of the gaol, shall be present; and that no such owner, employer, supervisor or gaol keeper shall on any account punish a slave with more than thirty-nine lashes at one time and for one offence, nor inflict or suffer to be inflicted, any second punishment on the fame day, nor until the delinquent shall have recovered from the effects of any former punishment, under the penalty of ten pounds for every offence.

Fees of the proroft 12th. And whereas it is customary for owners to commit their slaves to the miTflialer gaoler common gaol for flight offences which are not punishable under this act; be it committTd for VC* therefore enabled, That in all cases where any owner or possessor of a slave shall tirivial offences. fend him or her to gaol for any such trivial offence, the provost marshal or his deputy, or gaoler, shall forthwith take and receive such slave into custody, and him or her lafely keep until released by the owner; and shall receive for his trouble three shillings, together with one shilling for every day such slave shall have remained in gam, provided such slave shall nave been maintained by the provost marshal.

Fixing iron collars, 13th. And whereas a mischievous practice hath prevailed in some of the declared unlawfuL c°(on’cs> of punishing ill-disposed slaves, and such as are apt to abscond from their owners, by fixing iron collars with projecting bars or hooks, round their necks j be it enacted and declared, that such practice is utterly unlawful; and chat no person shall on any account whatever punish any negro or other slave, whether

BAHAMAS.

( )

his awn property or otherwise, by firing or causing to be fired any iron or other collar round the neck of such slave, or by loading the body or limbs of such slave with chains, irons, or weights of any kind, other than such as are absolutely necessary for securing the person of such slave while in confinement, under the penalty of fifty pounds; and any justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required, on information or view of such offence, to order such collar, chains, irons, or weights to be immediately taken off, under the penalty of one hundred pounds for every neglect or refusal.

14th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every slave within these Islands shall be allowed the usual number of Christmas holidays; to wit, Christmas-day, and the two following working days.

15th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every over-seer who shall absent himself from the estate under his care or management on any of the aforesaid holidays, without leave of his employer, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds for each day.

16th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the ill day of January which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and on the 1 ft day of January in every succeeding year, or within thirty days after, the owner, manager or overseer of every plantation or settlement within these Islands, shall give in upon oath, to the churchwardens of the parish, an account of all the births and deaths of the slaves on such plantation or settlement, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered from the owner of such plantation or settlement.

17th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the not giving in such accounts shall be owing to the neglect of any overseer or manager, it shall and may be lawful for the owner, proprietor or possessor of such plantation or settlement to flop and detain the penalty which he or she shall be compelled to pay, together with his or her costs and charges, out of the wages of such manager or overseer.

18th. And whereas it is absolutely necessary that slaves should be kept in due obedience to their owners, and in proper subordination to the white inhabitants in general, that opportunities of committing rebellious conspiracies should as much as possible be taken away, and that adequate punishments should be appointed for all crimes committed by slaves: Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no slave (such only excepted as are going with firewood, grass, fruit, provisions or small stock and other goods, which they may lawfully fell, to market, and returning therefrom) shall hereafter be suffered to go out of his or her mailer's or owner’s plantation or settlement, or to travel from one place to another, unless such slave shall have a ticket from his or her owner, mailer, employer or overseer, expressing particularly the time of such Have’s setting out, and where or to what place he or she is going, and the time limited for his or her return; under a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for every offence, to be recovered from his or her master, owner, employer or overseer, unless such owner, employer, or overseer shall make oath that he or she did give to the said slave such ticket as aforesaid, or that the said slave went away without leave.

19th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no negro or other slave shall be allowed to hunt any horned cattle, horses, mares, mules, asses or other animals, with lances, guns, cutlasses or other arms, unless in the company of his mailer, overseer, or some other white person, or by his permission in writing; and any negro or other slave who shall offend contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act shall suffer such punishment by whipping as any two justices of the peace shall think proper to inflict, not exceeding fifty lashes.

aoth. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any free negro, mulatto or Indian, in order to conceal any runaway slave, or to prevent him or her from being apprehended, shall give any fraudulent pass or ticket to any such runaway Have, he. Hie or they shall be deemed guilty of forgery, and shall be

Christmas.

holidays

Overseer* absenting themfel ve s during the Christmas holidays, to forfeit £ 5. each day.

Returns of births and deaths of slaves on plantations, to be made in January every year.

And if the not giving in such return be owing to neglect in the overseer, the penalty, &c. to be paid by him.

Excepting when going to market, no staves to go from the plantation they are employed on, without a ticket or pass.

Slaves not to carry arms, unless in company with some white person, or by permission in writing.

Free people of colour, or

BAHAMAS.

white persons giving fraudulent paflea torun-aways, to be deemed guilty of forgery.

Tickets to slaves not to extend beyond one month.

Runaway slaves to be advertisrd within fourteen days after the time of absconding.

Unlawful to fell or buy a runaway slave.

Slaves who after a residence of two years run away, to be punished at the discretion of any two justices.

Runaways for six months liable to be transported.

Penalty for harbouring ru; away 8.

Slaves apprehending runaways, to receive £ $ for each.

What slaves shall be deemed runaways.

( *2 )

be liable to be prosecuted and tried for the fame in the general court; and upon conviction shall suffer the loss of freedom, transportation, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper to infli&, not extending to life or limb.

21st. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such fraudulent pass or ticket shall be given by any white person with intent as aforesaid, such white person shall be deemed guilty of forgery, and shall be liable to be indicted and tried for the fame before the general court; and shall suffer such punishment, by fine and imprisonment, as the court shall think proper to inflict.

22d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ticket shall be granted to any slave for any time exceeding one calendar month.

23d. And be it further enacted, That every person from whose service any slave shall abscond, shall, within fourteen days thereafter, give notice thereof by public advertisement, wherein shall be inserted the name and description of such runaway, by means whereof he or she may be more easily known and apprehended; and in case the owner shall neglect so to do, he or she shall not be entitled to any satisfaction from the treasury for any such slave executed or transported, by virtue of this act, for any crime whatever.

24th. And be it also enacted, That it shall not be lawful either to fell or to buy any runaway slave; and that any person felling or buying any such slave, while absent, shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

25th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all slaves who shall have been in these Islands for the space of two years, and shall run away, and continue absent for a term not exceeding (ix months, shall, upon conviction before any two justices of the peace, suffer such punishment as the said justices shall think proper to infli&, not extending to life or limb.

26th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave who shall run away from his owner or lawful possessor, and be absent for more than six months, being duly convicted, shall be sentenced to be transported for life, or shall suffer such other punishment, not extending to life or limb, as the court shall think proper to infli&.

27th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave who shall knowingly harbour or conceal any runaway slave shall be liable to be tried for the same as herein after directed, and upon conviction shall suffer such punishment as the court shall think proper to infli&, not extending to life or limb; and that every free person who shall commit any such offence may be indicted and prosecuted for the fame in the general court, and being convicted, shall suffer such punishment, by fine and imprisonment, as the court shall think proper, according to the magnitude of the offencej and such punishment is hereby declared to be without prejudice to any action or suit which may be brought by the party injured for recovery of damages for and on account of the same.

28th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every slave who shall take up any such runaway, or inform against any person who shall harbour or conceal such runaway slave, so that such runaway may be taken, and restored to his or her owner or owners, shall be entitled to such reward as any two justices of the peace shall think reasonable and just, not exceeding three pounds, to be paid by such person or persons as the said justices shall determine ought to pay the same.

29th. And whereas it is dangerous to the peace and safety of these Islands to suffer slaves to continue out as runaways, and it is absolutely necessary to declare what slaves shall be deemed runaways; be it therefore enacted and declared, That every slave who shall be absent from his or her owner or employer without leave for ten days together, and shall be found at the distance of eight miles from the house, plantation, or settlement to which he or she belongs, without a ticket or permit to pass, (except as before excepted in going to or returning from market) shall be deemed a runaway.

( *3 )

BAHAMAS.

30th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any free person who shall apprehend any runaway slave shall be entitled to receive from the owner, employer, overseer, or manager of such slave the sum of twenty

Reward tofree

shillings, and no more, besides mile money at the rate of two shillings per mile Pf "*T^ebend"

for the first five miles, and one shilling per mile afterwards; provided such slave flaw.

had absented him or herself ten days without the privity, knowledge, or consent of the proprietor, owner, or other white person redding on the plantation or place

to which such slave shall belong, which time of absence shall be declared on the oath of such proprietor, overseer, or other white person as aforesaid, if required by the party taking up such slave; but it is the true intent and meaning of this act, that every person who shall apprehend any slave that is actually run away shall be entitled to the aforesaid reward, although such slave shall not be eight miles from home, or although the aforesaid term of ten days shall not have elapsed.

31st. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave who R«w«dt©

shall take or kill another in actual rebellion shall receive from the churchwardens nepweT of the parish in which any such slave shall have been killed the sum of five pounds, and ten pounds if taken alive, also a blue cloth coat with a red cross on the right shoulder; the whole expences whereof shall be reimbursed by the receiver general for the time being out of any money in his hands unappropriated.

33d. And be it further enacted, That if any slave shall be killed by any person Person* killing or persons in the execution of this act, or under the authority of the same, the ^m^e ex*. person or persons by whom such slave may be killed shall, as speedily as may be, to gire immediate give information thereof to some justice of the peace, who is hereby required to information thereof, take his examination, and also the evidence or information of any other person or persons respecting the fame; and any white person or free person of colour killing such slave, who shall neglect forthwith to give the information hereby required, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

33d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or Runawaysappre-persons apprehending any runaway slave shall convey him or her to his or her tended, to be owner, employer or manager, if resident on the liland in which such slave shall o^ne^orenf* have been apprehended; but if not therein resident, or if payment of the reward payers; or in the and other charges herein-before mentioned shall not be made, then to the nearest case* herein men-gaol or workhouse, the keeper whereof is hereby authorized and required to tioned'to receive such slave into his custody, and to pay the party delivering such slave the fSufc-kee^r*' sum of twenty shillings, and mile money as aforesaid, and no more, under the ’

penalty of five pounds; provided nevertheless, that no gaoler or workhouse-keeper shall pay any such sum or sums before such person shall have taken an oath (which oath such gaoler or workhouse-keeper shall file in his office, and produce when thereunto required by the owner or possessor of such slave, under the penalty of five pounds,) that the slave so apprehended was at the reputed distance of eight miles from the house, plantation, or settlement to which such slave belongs, (except as is before excepted,) and that such slave had no ticket or permit in writing from his or her owner or possessor, employer or overseer, at the time of being apprehended, and that such slave had been first carried to his or her owner, employer, or manager, (provided such owner, employer or manager,

shall be in the liland where such slave shall have been apprehended,) and that payment of the reward and charges aforesaid was neglected or refused to be made.

34th. And to the end that the owners and proprietors of slaves so apprehended Runaways taken may obtain information from the gaol or workhouse in which they are confined, be up, ta-be adtenifed it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the keeper of every workhouse Gazliu-"* or gaol shall, and they are hereby required, once in every month, to advertise in the Bahama Gazette or other public newspaper, and at the moil public place in the liland on which such negro shall be apprehended, the height, names, marks and size, and also the country (where the fame can be ascertained), of every runaway slave then in his custody, and the time such slave was put into his custody, and also the (*8.) D name

( *4 )

BAHAMAS.

Slaves confined to be furnished wi:h vidualt l>y the keeper of the workhouse.

Slave* who shall have been in custody for twelve months, and not claimed, to be sold at public auction.

Slave* committed to gaol, or any work ho tiff, rot to be hired out or otherwise employed.

Slave* escaping from confinement, on being apprehended, how to be punished*

Penalty on gaoler*, ire. fuffirring Have* towfcape&Mi

Slave* killed in the public (Service to be paid for.

name or names of the owner or owners thereof, if known, under rite penalty of ten pounds for every neglect or omission; and for the expence of such advertisement, at shall and maybe lawful for the keeper of every gaol or workhouse to charge the owner or owners of each runaway slave at and after the rate of twelve shillings per month, and no more, and to detain any such slave in custody until the fame, together with the charges of apprehending and other fees and poundage after the rate of two shillings in the pound, shall be paid, and also one shilling for every twenty-four hours such slave shall have been in custody for subsistence, and sixpence per day for medical care and extraordinary nourishment where necessary; and the gaoler, workhouse-keeper, or supervisor shall attest every such account upon oath.

35 th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the keeper of every workhouse or gaol within these Islands shall provide and furnish every slave confined in such workhouse or gaol a sufficient quantity of good and wholesome provisions, according to the allowance herein-before required to be given upon every plantation, under the penalty of ten pounds for every neglect.

36th. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after any runaway slave shall have been in the custody of the provod marshal or the keeper of the workhouse or gaol, and shall have been duly advertised as aforesaid, for the space of twelve calendar months, if no person shall claim such slave, and pay the fees and other monies hereinbefore directed, it shall and may be lawful for the provod marshal, or for the keeper of such gaol or workhouse, to fell every such slave at public outcry to the highest bidder; and that the monies arising from such sale shall be applied, in the nrd place, towards payment of the expence of taking up, keeping, and advertising such slave, together with all other fees and charges herein-before mentioned, and the overplus (if any) shall be paid into the public treasury, to be applied towards the contingent expences of this government; and all receipts and bills of sale made by the provod marshal or the keeper of any gaol or workhouse (as the case may be) are hereby declared to convey a good and fuHicient title to the purchaser or purchasers of any such slave, and to be a bar of the right of the former owner or owners: Provided always, that every such sale be at the usual place of public auctions, in the town of Nassau, between the hours of ten and twelve o’clock in the forenoon; that thirty days notice thereof be given in the Bahama Gazette or other public newspaper; and that, previous to every such sale, every such slave be carried before a magistrate, who is hereby required to examine whether such slave has been duly advertised, and whether his or her marks and descriptions agree with the advertisement, and to certify the fame, if found accurate or sufficient.

37th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no gaoler or workhouse-keeper shall, on any pretence whatever, employ any slave sent to his custody on any plantation belonging to him or in his possession, nor hire nor lend any such slave to work for any other person or persons, under the penalty of fifty pounds for every offence.

38th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any negro or other slave who shall he confined in any workhouse or other place of confinement and shall escape therefrom before trial, or the expiration of his or her sentence, upon being retaken and proof being made of his or her identity before any two judlcei of the peace, shall be adjudged to be sent back to confinement, and shall ptmHhment by whipping, not exceeding fifty lashes.

39th. And beat further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the prove! marshal, or any of his deputies, or any condable, gaoler, or workhouse-keeper, shall willingly or negligently suffer any slave to escape, so that such slave shall not be retaken, such marshal, condable, gaoler, or workhouse-keeper shall forfeit a furnnot exceeding twenty pounds, without prejudice to the owner's action of damages.

40th. And be it further enacted, That if any negro or other slave, at any rime of taxation or appearance of an eamory, shall be killed in Service of the country, the owner shall he paid out of the public treatin'y the full of such Save, to

be ascertained by any two justices of the-peace.

( IS )

41st. And be it father euaded b¥ the authority aforefekU That if apy snifter, AAtt&JfiAS. owner* guardian, or attorney of any plantation or fettfeuMfit, fall fufarany fttwnge —

ffavea* exceeding twelve in number, to assemblo together, and beat their drums or Pera,‘y on aT blow their horns, or Ihells in any place under his, her, or their care or management, mowth^nTweivf or fall not endeavour to disperse or prevent such meeting, by giving notice thereof linings slaves to to the next magistrate or commissioned officer, that a proper force may-be fern for afcmbic toguher the purpose, every such master, owner, guardian, or attorney shall forfeit for every on h,s P;an,ation‘ such offence the sum of fifty pounds; provided information of such offence be given upon oath within five days after the commission of fotih offence.

4«d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all officers, civil AH officer* safa-and military, fall be and they are hereby empowered and required to enter into any napd to disperse place whatever, in order to disperse any unlawful assembly of slaves, and to suppress and prevent all riotous unlawful drumming or other noise; any law, custom, or triage to the contrary notwithstanding.

43d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave who staves not to have fall hereafter be found to have concealed in his or her house, or otherwise in his or aims oiammu-her possession, any fire arms, gunpowder, slugs or ball, fall, on conviction before m lhe,r po*' any two juflicet, fufffer such punishment as the said justices fall think proper to ioflift by whipping.

44th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave who Punishment of fall offer violence, by ilriking or otherwise, to any white person, shall be punished ^X'ce^to'white with death, transportation, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper pt'rfonI l° W to inflidf; provided such conflict or sinking be not by command of the o>vner of such slave, or of his or her attorney, pverfeer, or other person having authority over such slave, or in the lawful defence of his owner’s person or goods,

45th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or Punishpsnt of other slave fall mix or prepare, with intent to give, any poison or poisonous drug, A3*.* PpcPar£* or fall actually giveorcause to be given any such poison or poisonous drug, although oj: *,wint pw w* death may not ensue from the taking thereof, such slave, together with all and every accessary and sqceffaries, as well before as after the sass, (being slaves) being thereof duly convicted, shall suffer death, transportation for life, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper.

46th. And whereas horned cattle, flteep, horses, mares, mules, and asses are Punishment of frequently fiolen and killed by negro and other Daves, in so fee ret and private a A*ve« for killing manner as So render conviction very difficult; for prevention thereof be it further caUle* 5tc* Ml&ded, That if any negro or other slave or slaves fall fraudulently have in his, her, or their possession any fresh beef, mutton, or veal, or the flesh of any horse, mare, marie or afs, in any quantity exceeding five pounds, and not exceeding twenty.

(right pounds weight, every such negro or other slave shall, upon conviction before any two justices of the peace, be whipped in such manner as such juflice6 shall direct, not exceeding thirty.nine lashes; and if there shall be found fraudulently as aforesaid, in his, her, or their custody or possession, a larger quantity than twenty.eight pounds weight of such beef or other flesh, that then every such negro or other slave shall suffer such punishment as the justices shall think proper to direct, not extending to life or limb.

4jrth» And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or Punishment of Other slave shall feloniously Heal any horned cattle, sheep, goat, hog, horse, mare, slaves for stealing gelding, mule, or afs, or shall kill any such homed cattle, sheep, goat, hog, horse, cattle, &c.

Move, gelding, mule, or afs, with intent to Heal the fame, or any part of the flesh thereof, such negro or other slave fall suffer death, or such other punishment as the court fall think proper to infliQ.

4#th. And whereas several slaves have lately found means to depart from these Punishment of Islands, to the great damage of their owners, and to the evil example of other slaves, for aiding who may thereby be induced Ip attempt or coofpire tp do the fame: And whereas ^es there is reason to suspe# that slaves have beep aided and gffifted in their departure f£n?<i°nJk bf other perfeas, and 00 adequate punishments are provided by law for such

offences

( )

BAHAMAS, offences; for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

if any negro or other slave shall run away from his or her owner or owners,

employer or employers, and go off, or conspire and attempt to go off these Islands, in any ship, boat, canoe, or other vessel or craft whatsoever, or he aiding, abetting, or assisting to any other slave or slaves in deferring and going off these Islands, he, she, or they so running or going off, or conspiring and attempting to go off, or aiding, assisting, or abetting in such going off, being thereof convicted, shall suffer transportation, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper to inflid, not extending to life or limb.

Punishment of free

49th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any free negro, people of colour *for Indian, or mulatto shall be aiding, assisting, and abetting any slave or slaves in aiding runaways, deferring and going off these Islands, and shall be thereof convicted, he, she, or they shall be subject to be transported from these Islands, by the provost marshal or his deputy; and any such person so convicted, sentenced, and transported, who shall afterwards be found at large within these Islands, shall suffer death, without benefit of clergy.

Penalty on white

50th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any white person persons for assisting who shall knowingly be aiding, assisting, or abetting any slave in deferring and runaways. going off these Islands, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall aUo

suffer imprisonment for any space of time not exceeding twelve months, without bail or mainprize; and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any suit or action which may be brought or had by the party injured for recovery of damages for and on account of the same.

Lawful to proceed

51ft. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may against those who be lawful to proceed against the person or persons so aiding, assisting, or abetting may have aided such slave or slaves in going off these Islands, whether the principal or principals be

Haves in getting off,

whether the pnn- convicted or not; any thing in this or any other ad, or any law, usage, or custom, cipai be conviaed to the contrary notwithstanding. or not, under this

aft. 52a. And be it further enacted, That no negro or other slave shall on any pre-

Slaves not to carry tence barter, or carry about for sale or barter, any dry goods of any kind whatever; about drygoods for and it shall and may be lawful for any white person to take and seize all such goods, reta* and to deliver them to the provost marshal or his deputy, who shall forthwith sell the same at public audiou, and pay the net proceeds thereof unto the public treasury.

Slaves not to vend any spirituous liquors.

53d. And be it further enacted, That no negro or other slave shall vend or retail any spirituous liquors whatsoever; and if any slave, without the knowledge of his or her owner or employer, shall fell or vend any spirituous liquors whatever, such slave, for every such offence, shall be publicly whipped by order of any two justices of the peace; but if it shall appear to have been done with the knowledge of his or her owner or employer, then and in that case such owner or employer shall forfeit the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered in manner herein after directed.

Punishment of slaves detected in gambling.

54th. And be it hereby enacted, That every slave who shall play at dice or cards, or be guilty of any other kind of gaming, shall be publicly whipped by order of any two justices of the peace; and any keeper of a tavern or punch house who shall suffer any slave or slaves to game, get drunk, or tipple in or about his or her houfie, (hop, or premises, or to remain in or about the fame after the hour of eight of the clock at night, or shall at any other time fell rum or any other spirituous liquors to any slave to whom he or she shall have been forbidden by the owner or employer of such slave to fell liquor, shall suffer any such slave, after having been so forbidden, to loiter or remain in or about his or her house, (hop, or premises, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Mode of proceeding on the trial of slaves accused of crimes made punishable with death or transportation.

55th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon complaint being made to any justice of the peace of any burglary, robbery, burning of houses, rebellious conspirades, compassing or imagining the death of any white person or persons, or any other felonious offence whatsoever committed by any slave or slaves, and which is hereby declared or made punishable with death or transportation, such justice shall issue his warrant for apprehending such offender or offenders, and for all

( *7 )

persons that can give evidence to be brought before hk»* or any other justice of the peace; and the evidence of Aav<eag*inst slave shall in all cases be received; and uf upon examination the charge frail appear Co be weH founded, the juiHce Wore whom such examination frail be had and taken shall commit the acrtfed to prison, and bind over the witnesses to appeaF at a certain day, not less than ten or more thaik thirty days from the day on which the complaint frail have been made, at the place where the quarter sessions are usually held, or other place of public meetings, and frail certify to any other justice of the peace the cause of such commitment, jfad require him to associate himself with him, which the said justice is hereby required to do under the penalty of forty pounds; and the said justices so associated frail issue their warrant to fuminon seven persons, such as are liable to serve on ordinary juries, (the master, owner, or proprietor of the slave or slaves so complained of, or the attorney, guardian, overseer, or manager of such owner or proprietor, or the Person prosecuting, his or her attorney, guardian, overseer, or manager, always excepted), personally to be and appear before the said justices at the day and place appointed for the trial, between the hours of eight and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, when and where the said justices frail cause the accused to be brought before them; and thereupon five of the persons so summoned frail (the charge or accusation being first reduced to writing and read) be sworn to try the matter before them, and give a true verdict according to evidence; which charge or accusation lha.ll not be questioned for any want of form, but frail be deemed valid if filfficient in substance; and if the said jurors frail, upon hearing the evidence, uhartimously find the said slave or slaves guilty of the offence of which he, she, or they Hand charged, the said justices shall give sentence of death without benefit of clergy, or transportation for life, according to the nature of the offence; and frail cause such sentence to be carried into execution at such time and place as they shall think proper (women with child only excepted, whose execution shall be respited until a reasonable time after delivery): Provided always nevertheless, that the justices of the peace, or any two or more of them resident upon any of the islands within this government (one of whom to be always of the quorum and custos rotulorum of the Island), shall and may hereafter hold slave-courts upon the first Tuesday in January, April, July, and October in every year, to continue and be holden for five days successively (if necessary), and not longer; and shall have full power and authority to enquire into, hear, and determine all and all manner of felonious offences committed by slaves, and shall open the said court by proclamation, declaring the same to be a slave-oourt for such purpose; and that the said custos rotulorum and any one other justice shall thereupon, in like manner in all respects as two justices associated as herein-before mentioned are by this act authorized and empowered, proceed to try and deliver the workhouse or gaol within the island or parish of alt slaves who frail be in custody of the gaoler or workhouse-keeper, charged with any of the felonious offences herein-before mentioned; and frail cause a jury to be called and taken from the panel returned to the said court forthwith to be sworn, as they shall appear, to try all and every such slave and slaves as shall be brought before them charged with any of the aforesaid offences, and to give a true verdict according to evidence, as in other cases.

56th. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the justices at any slave-court or extraordinary trial to respite the execution of any sentence by them given for any term not exceeding thirty days, or until the pleasure of the commander in chief shall be known, in case proper cause shall appear to them for so doing, or the jury shall recommend the prisoner to mercy.

57th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That not less than two justices and five jurors shall constitute a court for the trial of any slave or slaves for any crime or offence that shall subject such slave punifrable with death or transportation; and that upon any such trial no peremptory challenge of any juror, or any exception to, the form of the indictment, shall be allowed.

58th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where the punishment of death is to be mflifted, the execution frail be performed in feme public place, and wnfi diie fofemnity; and care shall be taken by the' (18.) E gaoler',

BAHAMAS.

Time of holding slave-courts.

Justices may re&ite the execution vt any sentence#

Who shall constitute a slave-court.

Execution how to be performed.

BAHAMAS.

Slaves giving false evidence to suffer such punishment as the person accused would, if guilt\% be liable to suffer.

Gaol fees for slaves who die in custody to be paid by the public.

Record of proceedings to be kept by the clerk of the peace.

His ees.

Constables taittend Have-courts:

Their fees.

Jurors who neglect to attend to forfeit s£6.

Due notice of the trial of any flare to be given to the proprietor or his attorney.

Not more than £60 to be allowed by the public for any slave executed or transported.

Money arising from the sales of slaves fold for transportation, to be paid into the public treasury.

( )

gaoler, constable, or marshal, that the prisoner be free from intoxication at the time of trial and execution; and the mode of such execution shall be hanging1 by the neck, and no other; and the body shall be afterwards disposed of as the court shall dire ft: Provided always, that where several Saves are capitally convicted for the fame offence, one only shall suffer death, except in cases of murder or' rebellion.

59th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave wilfully giving false evidence on any trial to be had under this act shall suffer the fame punishment as the person or persons on whose trial such false evidence was given would if convicted have been liable to suffer, or such other punishment as the justices shall award, not extending to life or limb.

60th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any Save or slaves shall be discharged by proclamation, or shall die in custody, the marshal, gaoler, or workhouse-keeper shall be entitled to receive out of the public treasury all such fees as shall be due for such slave or slaves at the time of such discharge or death.

61st. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a record Hull be entered up of all proceedings upon the trials of slaves for any crime that shall be punishable with death or transportation, in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk of the peace, who is hereby required to attend all such trials, and to record the proceedings within thirty days sifter such trials, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every such neglect; and he shall be entitled, upon producing the certificate of the justices, to have and receive out of the public treasury the sum of three pounds for attending each trial, and for entering up the record, and any other business incident thereto, and no more.

62d. And be it further enacted, That the constables of the respective islands and districts shall be obliged to attend every such trial or court under the penalty of twenty pounds for such neglect; and the constable executing any sentence shall be entitled to receive out of the public treasury the sum of forty shillings, upon producing the certificate of the justice as aforesaid.

63d. And be it enacted, That any person who shall be drawn and duly summoned to serve as a juror on any trial to be had by virtue of this act, and who shall neglect to attend, or after appearance shall depart without leave, shall forfeit the sum of six pounds.

64th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no trial of any slave shall be had until after reasonable and sufficient notice of such trial shall have been given to the owner or proprietor of such slave, or to his, her,or their attomeyor attornies or other representative or representatives, where any such can conveniently be found within the colony; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

65th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any slave shall receive sentence of death or transportation, the jury shall appraise and value such slave, and the justices shall certify such valuation: Provided always, that such valuation shall not in any case exceed sixty pounds for any one slave; and provided also, if it shall appear that the owner or possessor of such slave had treated him or her with inhumanity, and that necessity or hard usage might have driven such slave to the commission of the offence of which he or she shall have been convicted, that then and in such case no valuation shall be made nor certificate granted, and the owner shall not be entitled to receive any^ allowance whatever for such slave from the public.

66th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any slave valued as aforesaid shall be executed^ or transported by virtue of this act, such slave shall be paid for at the public expense; and the net money arising from the sale of any slave fold for transportation shall be accounted for on oath by the provost marshal or his deputy, and paid over to the receiver general for the use of the public.

( *9 )

BAHAMAS.

67th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any negro or other slave who shall be transported from these Islands by virtue of this a d, and shall wilfully return from transportation, shall upon conviction suffer death ?,aTCS returning without benefit of clergy.

STX"£S‘"’

68th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any Persons concealing warrant shall be granted by any one or more of His Majesty's justices of the peace against any slave who cannot be taken, the owner, attorney, possessor, guardian, or overseer of every such slave shall be served with a copy of the said forfeit iooL* *° warrant j and if he, flie, or they do not fend or produce such slave to the justice or justices, to be dealt with according to law, and it shall afterwards be proved that such owner, attorney, guardian, possessor, or overseer wilfully detained or concealed such slave, he, me, or they shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

69th. And be it further enacted, That all such negroes, mulattoes, mustees Manumitted and Indians as have been slaves, and have been or shall be made free, shall for negroei, Ac. ta b* all misdemeanors and offences under the degree of felony be tried and adjudged ^ilfdc^rano in manner and form herein-before directed for the trial of slaves, and the evidence U0(jer "

of a slave or slaves shall be admitted on such trials; any law, ulage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

70th. And whereas misdemeanors and offences of inferior degrees are frequently Crime* under

committed by slaves, which ought to be punished in a summary manner; be it by°flam'ma* therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for tried in a summary any two justices of the peace in a summary manner to hear and determine all manner by any tw» crimes and misdemeanors below felony, committed by any slave or slaves, giving justices of the *, sufficient notice to the owner or owners of such slave or slaves, or his, her, or their peace‘ attorney or attornies, or the person having the care of such slave or slaves, of the time and place of trial; and to order and direct such punishmenttobe in Aided on any such slave as the said justices in their discretion shall think (it, not exceeding fifty lashes j and the conilable attending any such trial, and executing any such sentence,

shall be entitled to have and receive ten shillings, to be paid by the master, owner, or possessor of such slave or slaves; on non-payment whereof it shall and may be lawful for the justices to issue their warrant for levying the lame, together with costs and charges.

71ft. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no runaway slave iTeftaliWhed*10'* shall on any account be committed to gaol by any magistrate of a parish where runaway* taken up there shall be a workhouse established, but to such workhouse only. 1 to be committed to

it only.

yad. And be it enacted, That in all cases in which by this present act, or by Powers veiled any other act of the General Assembly, any power or authority is vested in the m justice and justices and vestries, such power and authority shall be executed by the justices or ve^ne, J|0Kbe. any two of them in islands where there are no vestries, or by the vestrymen or or'vestrie* m IC* any fix of them in islands where there are no justices. Island* when there

73d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all forfeitures Mode of recovery and penalties given by this act, of which the recovery and application have not of forfeiture* and been otherwise directed, shall, if not exceeding twenty pounds, be recovered in ,a Penalties; summary manner before any two of His Majesty's justices of the peace, and shall be levied, together with costs, by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels; and, if exceeding twenty pounds, shall be recovered, together with costs,; in the general court of these islands, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or non vult ulterius prosequi, shall and their appk-be allowed or entered; one moiety of which penalties shall be to the use of the cation, parish where the offence shall have been committed, and the other moiety to the informer, or to him, her, or them who shallfue for the same.

74th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and ^?"t^"ace every clause, matter, and thing therein contained, (half continue and be in force for and during the term of two years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next session^of the General Assembly, and no longer.

( *> )

No. 3.

An ACT for fixing the mode of trying Questions relative to the Freedom of Negroes, and other Persons of Colour, and for suspending certain Acts BAHAMAS. therein mentioned.

[14th January 1805.]

[Preamble.]

Certain Acts suspended.

Claims to freedom to be tried only in the general court.

WHEREAS many inconveniences have arisen from the mode of trying questions relative to the freedom of negroes and other persons of colour, as established in and by an A£fc passed in the twenty-eighth year of His Majesty's reign, intituled <( An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty-fourth year of His Majesty's reign, intituled An Act for governing negroes, mulattoes, mustees, and Indians, and for suspending several Acts therein mentioned May it therefore please your Majesty; that it may be enacted and be it enacted by his Excellency Charles Cameron, Esquire, your Majesty's Captain-general and Governor in chief, the Council and the Assembly of your Majesty's Cud Islands, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That the aforesaid first-mentioned Act, and all and every other Act and Acts or clauses of Acts of the General Assembly, so far forth as the fame do relate to the trial of questions concerning the freedom of negroes or other persons of colour, be suspended, and the same are hereby accordingly suspended, during the continuance of this Act.

2d. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all questiops relating to the freedom or slavery of negroes or other persons of colour shall be tried and determine^ in his Majesty's general court of these islands, and not elsewhere; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Regulations for 3d. And be it enacted, That in all cases in which application shall be made to such trial. the general court, or in time of vacation to any of the judges of the general court,

or on any out island to any two magistrates of the fame, where there are four, and if less than four to any one magistrate, with the assistance and concurrence of any three or more freeholders, for and in behalf of any negro or other person of colour, pretending to or claiming freedom, and praying that his or her claim may be inquired into, it shall and may be lawful for the court or judge, magistrates or magistrate, and freeholders aforesaid, as the case may be, to direct the person so claiming his, her, or their freedom to state the grounds upon which he, she, or they so claim; and if sufficient grounds shall appear in support of the claim or claims to freedom, then and in such case to appoint some fit person to be guardian of such negro or other person of colour, for the purpose of prosecuting a suit in the nature of an act ion of ravishment of ward, homine replegiando, or other fit action, to try his or her claim to freedom; in which suit the plaintiff shall be admitted to sue in forma pauperis; and the judgment therein-given shall be binding again!! all and every person and persons who shall be a party or parties to the lame.

How ifcUimant be 4*h* And be it further enacted, That in case any claim to freedom shall arise on on any out island. an out island, and be supported on sufficient grounds as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said magistrates or magistrate, with the assistance and concurrence of three or more freeholders, to oblige the owner or person so holding the said negro or other person of colour in bondage, either to resign all right to the person so claiming his* her, or their freedom, or to enter into fuffidenc Security for the fending such person or persons to the general court at Nassau for trial within six weeks after such examination, a copy of the proceedings of which either the plaintiff or defendant may demand* upon payment of a reasonable charge foe the fame and in case of any neglect on the part of the judge, magistrates or-magistrate, and freeholders, by refusing tp exaipipe and take cognizance of any speh claim to,freedom, he or they, as the case may be, shall for every such neglect be liable to a penalty of, one hundred pounds; one moiety of which shall go to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, in aid of the support of his government, and the other moiety to the person firing for the same.

( )

5th. And be it further enacted, That any negro or other person of colour claiming his or her freedom as aforesaid shall forthwith be committed to the common gaol, workhouse, or other place of safe custody, at the discretion of the court or judge, magistrates or magi (Irate, and freeholders, as the case may be, there to remain so long as the suit mall be pending: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the court, or for any of the judges thereof in time of vacation, or for the magistrates or magistrate, and freeholders, to make an order for delivering such negro or other person of colour to the custody of his or her guardian, or of any other indifferent person, taking security in a sufficient recognizance for the appearance of such negro or other person of colour, and for the payment of such reasonable wages as the court may award in case judgment shall be given for the defendant, and that the court or judge, magistrates or magistrate, and freeholders, may from time to time make such further order or orders respecting the safe custody of any such negro or other person of colour claiming his or her freedom as aforesaid, or respecting his or her labour, wages, support, or maintenance, as may be for the benefit of the party in whose favour judgment may eventually be given; and that any person or persons disobeying any such order shall and may be proceeded against and punished as for a contempt.

6th. And be it further enacted, That in any such action as aforesaid the plaintiff’s title of freedom only shall be infilled on, and nominal damages only shall be awarded: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any negro or other person of colour, in whose favour judgment shall have been given in any such action, forthwith to have and maintain another suit, and recover reasonable wages or damages, upon a quantum meruit for work, labour, and service by him or her done and performed for the defendant or defendants, for such time only as it shall appear that the said negro or other person of colour had made known his, her, or their claim or title to freedom to such defendant or defendants so holding them in bondage.

7th. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to enable the said court to take cognizance of the claim or claims of any negro or other persons of colour who shall at any time heretofore have been declared and adjudged a slave by any other court lawfully constituted, and having competent jurisdiction on the subje&-matter.

8th. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force for and during the term of three years from and after the passing thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next Feflion of the General Assembly.

No. 4.

An ACT to continue an Act passed in the Forty-fifth year of His Majesty's reign, intituled " An Act for trying Questions relative to the freedom of Negroes and other persons of Colour, and for suspending certain Acts therein mentioned."

[29th February 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the forty-fifth year of His Majesty's reign, intituled " An Act for trying questions relative to the freedom of negroes and other persons of colour, and for suspending certain Acts therein mentioned," is about to expire; and whereas it is expedient that the fame be further continued: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by his Excellency Charles Cameron Esquire,your Majesty's Captain-general and Governor in chief, the Council and Assembly of the Bahama Islands, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That the above-recited act, and every clause, provision, matter, and thing therein contained, shall be and the same are hereby continued in force, from and after the passing of this Act, for and during the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of the General Assembly.

(18.) F No. 5.

BAHAMAS.

How claimant to be dispafed of previous 10 the trial.

Question of freedom only to be tried.

Proviso j but another action may afterwards be maintained for wages.

Former decisions not to be overhauled.

Continuance of this Act.

Act relative to the freedom of slaves continued for seven years.

BAHAMAS.

[Preamble.]

No persona on Turk* Island* to retail spirituous liquor* without licence.

Licence* how to be obtained.

No spirituou* liquor* to be retailed before fix o'clock in the morning, nor after eight o’clock in the evening.

Persons having licence* to retail spirituous liquor* shall have their name* marked over their door*.

Penalty on free persons purchasing salt from Have*.

No. 5.

An ACT to prevent persons on Turks I Hands from retailing Spirituous Liquors without being licensed, from trafficking with Slaves, and for other purposes therein mentioned and to suspend so much of an Act, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act made and passed in the forty-fifth year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled ‘ An Act to prevent persons on the Out Islands retailing Spirituous Liquors without being licenced, from trafficking with Slaves, and for other purposes therein mentioned,* as extends to Turks Islands aforesaid.

[31st December 1808.]

WHEREAS the population of Turks Islands hath of late years considerably increased, and it hath been deemed necessary that certain regulations and rules should be adopted relative to the retailers of spirituous liquors, and that such persons should contribute towards the support of this government: We, your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of the Bahama Islands, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by his Honour William Munnings Vaffey Esquire, President and Commander in chief in and over the said Bahama Islands, the Council and Assembly of the fame, and it isherebyenacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and after the expiration of thiee months after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever on Turks Islands aforesaid, either by himself, herself, or themselves, or by any person or persons whomsoever to be employed for him, her, or them, or his, her or their benefit, to retail any rum, punch, or any other mixture of distilled spirituous liquors, or other liquors, without taking out a licence for that purpose; which licence shall be issued under the hand and seal of the governor or commander in chief for the time being, on a certificate being produced, under the hands of five resident justices of the peace, that the person applying for such licence is duly qualified and fit to be trusted with such licence; and upon receiving a certificate from the deputy receiver general and treasurer of the said islands, that the sum of ten pounds hath been duly paid for such licence, and upon payment of the usual fees established by law, which sum shall be remitted and paid into the public treasury of these Islands for and towards the support of the government thereof, which licence shall be good and in force for and during the term of one year from the date thereof, and no longer.

ad. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons to whom such licence or licences as aforesaid shall be granted shall sell or dispose of any rum or mixture of rum, or other distilled spirituous liquors, or other liquors, before fix o’clock in the morning, or after eight o’clock in the evening, under a penalty of five pounds for every offence.

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whosomever, not having a licence granted in manner herein-before directed and in force, shall vend, fell, dispose of, or deliver any rum, mixture of rum, or any other distilled spirituous liquors, or other liquors by retail, under the penalty of fifty pounds; and that every such person to whom such licence shall be granted shall put his or her name in a conspicuous place over the door of his or her house or shop, with the words " licensed to retail spirituous liquors," under the penalty of being deemed an unlicensed person under this Act, and punished accordingly.

4th. And whereas slaves are often encouraged to steal salt, to which they have access, by the keepers of dram-shops, and other evil-disposed persons who buy and receive the same; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the expiration of three months after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to prosecute and punish any free person buying or receiving any salt from any slave or slaves, as for a misdemeanor, by fine or imprisonment, although the slave or person who may have stolen the fame be not convicted j which prosecution and conviction shall exempt such receiver from being punished as an accessory, if the principal should afterwards be convicted.

( *3 )

5th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person within the said Turks Islands, who shall fell to any person or persons, at any one time less than three gallons of rum, or other distilled spirituous liquors, shall be deemed a retailer within the intent and meaning of this Act.

6th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all offences against this Act shall and may be lawfully heard, adjudged, tried and determined by any three or more justices of the peace resident on the said Turks Islands where the offence shall be committed; and all penalties and forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be levied under and by virtue of a warrant under the hands and seals of such justices of the peace, and shall be to the use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of this government.

7th. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act intituled " An Act to amend an Act made and passed in the forty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An Act to prevent persons on the Out Islands retailing spirituous liquors without being licenced, from trafficking with slaves, and for other purposes therein mentioned," as applies to Turks Islands aforesaid, be suspended, and the fame is hereby suspended accordingly.

8th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in force, from and after the expiration of three months from and after the passing of this Act, for and during the term of two years, and from thence to the end of the next lession of the General Assembly, and no longer.

No. 6.

An ACT for regulating the Hire of Slaves, Carts, Waggons, and Drays, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[31st December 1808.]

WHEREAS it is highly requisite and necessary that the hire of slaves, carts, waggons and drays, within the Island of New Providence, should be duly ascertained, and the fame properly regulated and restrided: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by his Honour William Vesey Munnings Esquire, President and Commander in chief, the Council and Assembly of the said Islands, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any proprietor or other person or persons having the direction or management of any slave in the Island of New Providence to suffer or permit such slave or slaves to hire themselves out to work, either on board of vessels or on the shore, as porters or labourers, without first registering the names of such slaves in the police-office, and obtaining therefrom acopper badge, with the number of such slave marked thereon; which badge is to be worn on the jacket or frock of the said slave in a conspicuous manner.

2d. And be it further enacted, That any person or persons hiring or employing, either on board of vessels or on shore, any slave or slaves not having a copper badge as aforesaid, shall be liable to the penalty of five pounds for every slave so employed, besides double the wages of such slave or slaves, to be paid to the owner or person having the management of the same.

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the acting magistrate shall, on application of the owner or person having the management of any such slave or slaves, register the names of the fame, and of their owner or owners, in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall furnish a copper badge to be worn by such slave or slaves, upon payment of one dollar each.

4th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons obtaining any such badges shall not allow the same to be worn by any other slave or slaves than those for whom the fame has been obtained at the police-office, nor for any longer time than such slave or slaves shall be permitted to hire themselves out to work aforesaid; and on the death, sale, or removal of such slave, shall

BAHAMAS.

Persons felling liquors in left quantities than three gallons to be deemed retailers.

Offences against this Act, how to be tried and determined.

Part of an Act suspended.

Continuance of this Act.

[Preamble.]

Owners of slaves hiring the same to work out, shall register their names in the police office, and obtain therefrom a copper badge, to be worn on the jacket or fratk of the Have.

Penalty on persons employing slaves without having such badge.

Acting magistrate shall register the names of slaves, and furoifli badges.

Badges shall not be worn by any other slaves than those for whom the fame art obtained*

On the death of slaves, their badges shall be returned

BAHAMAS.

into the police office.

No person Audi let for lure any cart, waegon, or dray, without a licence from the commis-boners of roads.

Licensed cart, &c. to have the name of the owner painted thereon, and be umbered and registered in the police-office.

Owners of carts, Icc. liable for any damage done thereby, or the flares haring charge thereof.

Penalty on persons driring carts, &c. riding thereon within the town and suburbs.

Rates of porterage, cartage, Sec. to be fixed by the commissioners.

Fines how to be recovered.

Continuance of this Act.

Foreign Slave Act continued.

( *4 )

return the badge into the police-office, under a penalty of five pounds for each and every offence.

5th. And the better to prevent damage being done to the streets, lanes, and alleys of the town of Nassau and suburbs by heavy carriages, be it enacted, That no person shall let or drive for hire any cart, waggon, or dray, within the limits of the said town and suburbs, without having fim obtained a licence for so doinj> from the commissioners of roads, streets, and highways for the town and district of Nassau, for which licence shall be paid five pounds per annum for every such cart, waggon, or dray; and the money for such licences shall be paid into the hands of the commissioners, to be applied towards keeping the said streets, lanes, and alleys clean and in repair; and in case any person within the limits aforesaid shall let or drive for hire any cart, waggon, or dray, without having obtained such licence, every such person shall forfeit and pay for every such offence ten pounds, to be applied as aforesaid.

6th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every cart, waggon, or dray licensed as aforesaid, shall have painted on them the name of the owner, and be numbered and registered in the police-office, and no person shall deface the said name or number under the penalty of fifty pounds; and all slaves driving such cart, waggon, or dray shall be registered, and have a badge as aforesaid, under a penalty of ten pounds, to be paid by the owner of every such cart or dray for every offence.

7th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owner of all carts, waggons, and drays shall be liable for any damage done by any such carts, waggons, or drays, or by the slaves having charge thereof.

8th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person driving any cart, waggon, or dray in any of the streets, lanes, or alleys in the said town or suburbs, shall ride upon such cart, waggon, or dray, not having some other person on foot to guide the fame, every such offender, being convicted before the acting magistrates by the oath of one credible witness, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, and if a slave, the same to be paid by his owner or employer; and in default of such payment the offender to be committed to the workhouso or common gaol, and receive such punishment as the magistrates shall judge proper, not exceeding thirty-nine lashes.

9th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the rates of porterage, cartage, and drayage, shall be from time to time fixed and ascertained by the commissioners of roads, streets, and highways for the town of Nassau.

10th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines imposed by this Act, under the sum of twenty pounds, shall be recovered in a luminary way before the magistrates of police; and all sums above twenty pounds by actions of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in his Majesty's general court.

11th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in force from and after the passing thereof for and during the term of ten years, and from thence until the end of the then next session of the General Assembly, and no longer.

No. 7-

An ACT to continue in force an Act to prohibit the purchasing, felling, hiring, or employing of certain Foreign Slaves, except as therein excepted; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[31st December 1808.]

WHEREAS the above-recited Act will expire; and whereas it is expedient and necessary that the fame should be further continued: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by his Honour William Vesey

( )

BAHAMAS.

Munnings Esquire, President and Commander in Chief, the Council and Assembly of your Majesty's Bahama Islands, and it is hereby enabled by the authority of the same, That the said Act, and every matter, clause, and thing therein contained, shall be and the same are hereby continued in full force, from and after the passing of this Act, for and during the term of ten years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of general assembly, and no longer.

No. 8.

An ACT to further continue an Act intituled "An Act to bring into one Ad the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further protection and security, for altering the mode of trial of Slaves charged with Capital Offences, for suspending the several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned, and for other purposes."

[3d November 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act, intituled "An Act to continue and bring into one Ad the Consolidated Slave several laws relating to slaves, and for giving them further protection and security. Act continued, for altering the mode of trial of slaves charged with capital offences, for suspending the several Acts and clauses of Acts therein mentioned, and for other purposes," will shortly expire; and whereas the said Act has been found beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by his Honour William Vesey Munnings Esquire, President and Commander in Chief, the Council and Assembly of your laid Islands, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That the said Act, and every matter, clause, and thing therein contained, shall continue and be in force from and after the passing of this Act for and during the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of the General Assembly.

BARBADOES ISLAND.

No 9.

An ACT to remove doubts concerning the trial of Slaves manumitted after the commission of Felonies of which they may (land accused.

[14th March 1809.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether a slave accused of murder or any other Preamble, felony, and manumitted after the commission of the act for which he is accused, is amenable and subject to the laws and statutes of this Island now in force for the trial of slaves charged with the commission of the aforesaid felonies; be it therefore enacted by the Honourable John Spooner, President of His Maj city’s Council, and Commander in Chief of this Island, chancellor ordinary and vice admiral of the fame, the honourable the members of his Majesty's Council and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the authority of the same, That any slave or slaves accused of Clause ift. murder, or any other felony or felonies, shall be liable tto be tried as a slave, and A slave accused of shall be amenable and subject to all the laws and statutes of this Island now in force ^on7 ke tried for regulating and diredmgthe trial of slaves; notwithstanding any attempt to elude fading any manu-the law by any deed ordeedsof manumission to the said slave or slaves executed after mission executed the commission of the said murder, or any other felony or felonies of which,'the-Arid after the commis-Have or slaves shall stand charged with the commission. fion of the fdonjr.

And be it lf\Hiberena&&d by the authority aforesaid, That-all deeds of manumif- Clause ad. fion of any stove or slaves, after the commission of any murder or other (felony of All muumissiona which the said slave or slaves is or are accused, and previous to the trial and acquittal feiM^xmited

G of between the com*

barbadoes.

mission thereof and trial of the flavct, shall be void.

[Preamble,

( ^6 )

of the said slave or slaves for the said offence or offences, are and shall be of no effect, and shall be void to all intents and purposes.

Read three times, and passed the £ Read three times, and passed the Council unanimously, this 14th General Assembly unanimously, day of February 1809. the 14th day of February 1809.

Jo* Dottin Husbands, James,

D. Clerk of the Council. A ding Clerk of the General Assembly.

Assented to by his Honour the President on the 14th day of March 1809.

Jo1 Dottin Husbands, D. Sec.

DOMINICA ISLAND.

No. 10.

An ACT to regulate the manumitting of Slaves in this Island, to impofea tax upon manumissions, and to impose a tax upon all free and manumitted persons coming to this Island.

[16th June 18to.]

WHEREAS the Act of this Island, intituled " An Act to impose a further tax on the manumission of slaves in this Island, and for other purposes," has been found inadequate to the purposes for which it was passed, and the provisions thereof have been evaded, to the great detriment of the revenue of this Island; we therefore. Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Lieutenant-governor, Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Dominica, humbly pray Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained;

Clause id. And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the manumitting of all slaves born in this Island, or originally imported into this Island from the coall of Africa, or who shall have been imported into the lame under the age of ten years, there shall be paid into the public treasury of this Island the sum of sixteen pounds ten shillings current money; and the treasurer, on payment thereof, shall lign a receipt at the foot of the instrument manumitting the fame; and on the manumission of all other slaves not born in this Island, or not imported as above mentioned, there shall be paid the sum of thirty-three pounds in the manner and form above prescribed.

Clause ad. And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That without fuchtreasurer’s receiptfor the payment of the tax hereby imposed, the register shall not receive any such manumission to be recorded, nor shall such manumission be deemed good or effectual to manumit any slave or slaves: And in order to ascertain such slaves as may be born in this Island, or originally imported into the fame, or who may have been imported under the age of ten years,

Clause 3d. Be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be annexed to the said manumission the following affidavit: " I, B. make " oath, that the slave or fiaves mentioned to be manumitted by me is or are a native " of this Island, or originally imported into this Island from the coall of Africa, or " was or were imported into the fame under the age of ten years, as thecafe may be}" which oath any of the justices of the court of common pleas of the said Island, the register or the deputy register, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer, and for.administering the fame they shall be entitled to receive from the party making such affidavit the sum of six shillings current money of the said Island.

Clause 4th. And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person of colour coming from another Island or colony to this Island shall be entitled to the privileges of free or manumitted persons until the person so coming

DOMINICA.

C 27 )

shall pay a tax of thirty-three shillings into the public treasury of this Island (for which the treasurer shall give a receipt), and shall record his or her manumission, or an authenticated copy thereof, certified under the hand of the secretary of the Island where such manumission shall have been recorded: Provided always, that any person who shall have been born free, and shall come to this Island, shall lodge, to be recorded in this Island, a certificate under the hand and seal of the governor or commander in chief, or chief magistrate of the Island or colony where such person or persons shall have been born, or where such person shall have last resided, purporting that such person is free; and in default thereof, if such person or persons shall produce two or more credible witnesses before one of the justices of the court of common pleas of the said Island, or the register or his deputy, who shall make oath that they have known the said person for the period of five years, and that during that period he or she has passed as a free person, or that the said person was borr free, and the place of his or her nativity, then all such persons, paying a tax of thirty three shillings into the public treasury of this Island, shall be entitled to the right and privileges of free persons of colour, as enjoyed by them in this Island.

Clause 5th. And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any slave or slaves shall be manumitted or directed to be manumitted by any last will or testament in writing duly executed, such slave or slaves shall not be deemed free, or entitled to the privileges of free persons, until he, she, or they shall have been duly manumitted by the person or persons charged with the execution.of such last will and testament, and the tax paid in manner and form herein-before directed; but the person or persons charged with the execution of the said last will or testament shall be obliged to swear only to the belt of his knowledge and belief as to the matters in the third clause of this Act required to be verified.

Clause 6th. And be it and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the Alt intituled " An Act to impose a further tax on the manumission of slaves in this Island, and for other purposes," shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Jit Jt& , Speaker.

Passed the House of Assembly this thirteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and ten. Edv/1 H. , Clk. of the Assembly.

Passed the Council this sixth day of June one thousand eight hundred and ten.

E. G. Armatrading, Act Clerk of the Council

Afiented to this fifteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and ten.

Edward [Great Seal] Barnes,

Duly published in the Town of Roseau this fifteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and ten. James Laingy P. M.

Recorded the 16th day of June one thousand eight hundred and ten.

(A true Copy.) Dad Con/iabley Act Regr.

No. 11.

An ACT for ascertaining the number of White Persons, Free Persons of Colour, and Slaves, in this Island.

[19th February 1811.]

WHEREAS it is highly necessary and expedient that the number of white per- preamble. fons, free persons of colour, and slaves in this Island should be known j we therefore, your Majesty's loyal and obedient subjects, the Commander in Chief, the Council and Assembly of tins Island of Dominica, do humbly pray your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the town-wardens for the town of Roseau, and cuufe ift, the way-wardens for the respective panfhes and distri&s, are hereby appointed commimoners for the said town and their respective parishes and districts, for performing the duties herein after directed and required of them.

DOMINICA.

Clause 2d.

Clause 3d.

Clause 4th.

( *8 )

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said couimiffiowersaxeheteby . empowered and required to issue their warrant in their respective districts, within thirty days after the publication of this Act, and on the second Tuesday in the month of January in every succeeding year, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered in manner herein after mentioned, directed to any constable or white person or free person of colour resident within their said districts, in the following form; viz. " Dominica. By commissioners appointed for ascertaining the number of " white persons, free persons of colour, and slaves in this Island. To

You are hereby required and commanded " immediately on the receipt hereof, to summon all and every the inhabitants in die of to appear before us at

u on the day of in the year of our Loid one

u thousand eight hundred and then and there to deliver in on oath

and in writing a correct lift of his, her, or their families and slaves, both old and " young, with their names; as also a separate lift of the runaway slaves, sperifying " their names, ages, sexes, and the time they may have been absent. Given under our hands and seals this day of

u in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ."

And any constable or other white person, or free person of colour, who shall execute such warrant, shall be entitled to receive the same for, and shall be paid in the same manner, as constables are directed to be paid for summoning the inhabitants under the Way*Warden Ad of this Island; and if they shall neglect or refiife to perform the duty above enjoined by this Act, they shall be subject and liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures to which constables are liable for neglecting the duties enjoined them by any other Act of this Island.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the commis* iioners shall deem it necessary for the more effectually executing the duties hereby prescribed to them, they are further authorized and required to summon all managers, overseers, and others, to whom the truth may be known, to attend at such' time and place as the commissioners may appoint, to be examined on oath regarding the number of slaves belonging to any individual, or attached to any estate, or any other matter relative to the duties prescribed to the said commissioners; and the persons so summoned shall be liable to attend the said commissioners under the penalty of five pounds, to be levied by a warrant under the hands of the said commissioners, as other penalties are directed to be levied under this Act.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any white person or free person of colour, or any attorney, manager, superintendent, or other person having charge or direction of any slave or slaves, who shall neglect or refuse, after having been duly summoned as aforesaid, and proof thereof having been made on oath by the person serving the warrant, to appear before the said commissioners, or some or one of them, at the place and time by them appointed, and that and there to deliver in on oath and in writing (which oath the said commissioners or any of them are hereby authorized and required to administer) a full and correct account of all of his, her, or their families, servants, and slaves, and all slaves under their direction, management or superintendence, with the names of all such families, servants, and slaves, and also a separate lift of the runaway slaves, specifying their names, ages, sexes, and the time they may have been absent; such white person or free person of colour, or such attorney, manager, or superintendent, shall be fined in the sum of fifty pounds, to be immediately levied in the manner herein*afterdireded; and in case such white ptirfoft, bee person of colour, attorney, manager, or superintendent, shall continue to neglect or refuse to deliver in such account of his, her, or their families and slaves, and those under their directions or management, and also a separate lift of the run* away slaves as aforesaid, the commissioners shall cause them to be again frm-moned as herein-before directed, and shall agdm levy the find penalty, and so on, until rile person so neglecting or uefafing shall have delivered to the coin* missioners, or some or one of them, the account and lift herein dnredfed -, and such penalty may be ’levied either on the proper goods or (chattels vrf tfce

DOMINICA.

( *9 )

person neglecting or refuting, or on any flakes under his, her, or their direction, management, or superintendence, which shall not have been returned to the said commissioners.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners, in taking the said account and lift, in making their return shall make use of the following form.

NUMBER of White Persons, Free Persons of Colour, and Slaves in the of taken in conformity to the Ad

for ascertaining the number of white persons, free persons of colour, and slaves in this llland.

And whereas many persons have heretofore made returns of the families and slaves to the commissioners for other parishes and districts than those in which such slaves are generally employed, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons shall deliver unto the said commissioners for the district or parish in which such slave or slaves are generally employed, such complete lifts of his, her, or their families and slaves as are heron directed, and in no other parish or district, under the fame penalty as if he, she, or they had not delivered in any such lift or return.

And whereas, from many persons having lands and negroes in different parishes, they make separate returns of their families and slaves in these different parishes, whereby they are enabled to evade the provisions of the militia ad, which orders that all persons shall enrol themselves and do duty in the regiment or company of the parish in which they generally retide; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners appointed under this Act are hereby directed and required to tender to every white man and freeman of colour the following oath: " I, A.B. " do make oath, that my residence, and that of [all or, such part, tie case <* maybe\ the male part of my family named in my return thereof, is in the parish

" of -. . So help me God.*’ And the commissioners for each

parish or district are hereby detired and required, within thirty days after taking such oath, to return to the officer commanding the militia in such parish or district (i 8.) H the

Clause 5th.

[Preamble.]

Clause 6th.

[Preamble.]

Clause 7th.

( 3® )

DOMINICA.

[Preamble.]

Clause 8th.

Clause 9th.

Clause 10th.

Clause nth.

Clause tath.

the names, of all white men and free men of colour who shall have (worn to their general residence in thejparish or district for which such commissioners aft; and such return shall be fumdent authority to the officer commanding the militia in such parish or district to compel the enrolment and attendance to militia duty, in that parish or di ft rift, of such white man or free person of colour, according to the provisions of the militia aft.

And whereas many negroes and people of colour claim to be free, who either have not been manumitted,' or have not complied with the law of this Island knpofing a tax on manumissions, and ordering the same to be recorded, whereby the colony is not only deprived of the taxes thereby payable, but such persons, from sometimes passing for slaves, and at other times as free persons, bear no part of the public burden, or do any duty as militiamen; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners are hereby authorized and required to call upon all negroes and people of colour claiming to be free in consequence of manu-millions to produce to the commissioners their manumissions; and the said commissioners shall return to the treasurer the names of all negroes and people of colour within their respective districts claiming to have been manumitted, whole manumissions shall not have been recorded according to the laws of this Island, as also of all such negroes and people of colour who shall neglect to produce their manumissions to the commissioners as aforesaid.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to levy the penalties imposed by the third and fourth clauses of this Act, by issuing their warrant and warrants under their hands and seals, directed to the provost marshal, in the nature of an execution out of the court of common pleas; which warrant and warrants the said provost marshal shall and he is hereby directed and required to execute in due manner, and to pay the said fine and fines immediately into the public treasury for the public uses of the colony.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners shall annex to the returns to be made by them to the treasurer a certificate that they have actually sworn the white persons and free persons of colour named in their jreturn to the truth of the account given in by them; and the treasurer is further required not to receive any return unless it be accompanied by such certificate.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any of the commissioners named in this Act shall neglect or refuse to execute the fame, by making such return to the treasurer, or levying the penalties herein-before directed, within thirty days from the publication of this Act, and within thirty days after the days prescribed by the second clause of this Act for the taking of the census, the treasurer is hereby directed and required to return the names of such commissioners to the chief or any assistant justice of the court of common pleas, who is hereby directed to issue his warrant to the marihal to levy the sum of fifty pounds on such commissioner or commissioners; and in case they shall continue to neglect giving in the return as above directed for other thirty days, the treasurer is hereby required to proceed to have the fame penalty levied as above; and so on, at the expiration of every thirty days succeeding, until the return be given in.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners for the parish of Saint Andrew, East Division, shall include in their returns for that parish the lift of white persons, free persons of colour, and slaves, residing on or being attached to the plantation known by the name of Parma Place, situate on the north boundary of the parish of Saint David, and also a separate lift of the runaway slaves, specifying their names, ages, sexes, and the time they may have been absent from the said plantation, and proceed in all matters relating thereto la the same manner and form required of the commissioners for their respective parishes; and the said plantation shall not be included in the returns of the coin-mi (sioners for Saint David, who shall in nowise interfere in the return for that plantation, but confine themselves, in making out their cenftut to the plantation ntuated to die southward thereof.

And

( 3* )

be it waded by die authority aforesaid, That two hundred copies of this Act fall be printed with all speed, and distributed among the commissioners by the treasurer, who is hereby authorized to agree for and pay for the printing of the fame out of the public treasury.

, (Speaker.)

Passed the House of Assembly this thirteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and eleven. H. , Clk. of Assembly.

Passed the Council this fourteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and eleven. Dari Constable, Acts Clk. of the Council.

Assented to this nineteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and eleven, Edward (Great Seal) Barnes.

Duly published in the town of Roseau this nineteenth day of February one thousand right hundred and eleven. James taing, P. M. G.

(A true Copy.) E. L. Armatrading, AdU Regr.

JAMAICA ISLAND.

No. 12.

An ACT to authorize and empower the Commander in Chief for the time being to cause parties to be raised and fitted out for luppre fling any Rebellion, and for going in pursuit of and reducing runaway Slaves.

[29th October 1807.]

WHEREAS the public peace and safety of this Island require that sufficient power and authority should be vested in the governor, lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief, to cause parties to be raised for the immediate suppression of rebellions or rebellious cortfpiracies, or any dangerous assemblage of runaway slaves, without declaring martial law, which cannot be declared without many and great inconveniences to this Island in general, and ought not to be declared but in cases of the moll urgent necessity: We Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it may and shall be lawful for the governor, lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief of this Island for the Time being, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, whenever, from application made or information received, he shall judge the same to be expedient and necessary, to order and direct the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia to raise and fit out such and so many parties, composed of persons serving in the militia of the parish or precinct wherein such officer shall command, as the said commander in chief shall think requisite and appoint for the suppression of any rebellion or rebellious conspiracy, or the taking and bringing in or destroying any such runaway slaves as may be assembled or supposed to be assembled within or in the neighbourhood of such parish; which party or parties shall be well and sufficiently provided with good arms, accoutrements, and ammunition, such as the officers commanding the respective parties shall approve of.

2d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the rebellion shall at any time be so extensive, or the assemblage or assemblages of runaway slaves be so numerous, that the governor, lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief shall judge that the parties which may or can be raised and fitted out in any one parish will not be sufficient and able to suppress such rebellion, or to reduce

DOMINICA.

Clause 1 Jth.

[Preamble.]

Governor^ authorized, on application, to order out parties of militia 10 pursuit of rebellious or runaway slaves.

When the exigency of the case requires it, those parties may be drawn from different adjoining parishes.

( 3* )

JAMAICA.

During rebellion, drafts may be made from the militia; in general.

A bounty of iol. to be paia to free volunteer*.

Member of assembly, custoi, &c. to be commissioners for the purpose of thi*A&.'

such runaway slaves, it may and shall be lawful for such governor, lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief to direct and order the commanding officers of the regiments or battalions of militia of such and so many of the parishes adjoining to that wherein the rebellion shall exist, or such runaway slaves be assembled, as he shall think proper, also to raise and fit out such and so many parties in the manner aforesaid, as the public exigency shall appear to him to require.

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it may and shall be lawful for the governor, lieutenant-governor or commander in chief for the time being, during the actual existence of any rebellion or association of runaway or other slaves for rebellious purposes, to order such drafts from any other regiments of horse or foot in this liland to be sent in aid of such parties, so raised and fitted out as aforesaid, as shall be necessary.

4th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such good and able men of free condition as shall offer themselves as volunteers, and enlist for the service aforesaid, shall be entitled to and receive a bounty not exceeding the sum of ten pounds each, as shall be regulated by the commander in chief in general orders, to be paid immediately after the conclusion of such service by the receiver-general, under the authority of the warrant of the governor, lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief, which he is hereby empowered to grant upon a certificate being produced to him, sworn to by the officer commanding the party in which such volunteer shall have served, and countersigned by the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion of the parish from whence such party was fitted out, over and above the pay and other encouragements by this Act herein after mentioned and declared.

5th. And whereas, for the more effectually carrying into execution several of the purposes of this Act, it is necessary that certain commissioners should be appointed in every parish of this Island; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for effecting the purposes of this Act the following persons shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed commissioners; that is to say, the members of the assembly for the time being, the custos or senior magistrate of each and every parish in this Island, and in and for the parish of St. George, Robert Gray (of Pigeon Hill) Alexander Park and Benjamin Crossley; for the parish of Vere, Thomas Alprefs Priddie, James Mitchell, Alexander Schaw, and John Kennedy; for the parish of Saint Dorothy, Samuel Queneborough, David Gardiner and William Jackson; for the parish of St. John, John Quier, Peter Douglas, and John Grant; for the parish of Saint Thomas in the Vale, Francis Graham, Hector M‘Kay, Thomas Roffiter, and Robert William Harris; for the parish of Saint James, William Murray, George Watson and George Lawrence; for the parish of Trelawny, John Black, James Campbell, Alexander Edgar, and William Baker Utten; for the parish of Hanover, Alexander Campbell (of Copse,) Dugald Campbell and George Malcolm; for the parish of Westmorland, James Colquhoun Grant, James Mackintosh and James Brown; for the parish of Saint Elizabeth, John White, David Shakespeare and William Kellitt Hewitt; for the parish of Clarendon, Williams Smith, William Pusey Hayle and James Bedward; for the parish of Saint Thomas in the East, Nathaniel Augustus Grant, Robert Logan, George Panton and John Kelly; for the parish of Saint Andrew, Alexander Ector, John Morrison and James Waddell; for the parish of Port Royal, Samuel Whitehorne Barnet, Leonard Wray and Alexander M'Larty; for the parish of Portland, Thomas Oakley senior, Robert Mein and James Colthirft Colthirft; for the parish of Saint Ann, James Newly, George Cruickshank, Henry Ashmeade, and Charles Steer; for the parish of Saint David, Joseph Delpratt, William Weir, and James Ouchterlony; for the parish of Kingston, George Kingdom, William Taylor and James Inglis; for the parish of Saint Catherine, George Howel, James Stewart, Francis Smith, William Cruickshank and William Ramsay; for the parish of Saint Mary, Joseph Green, Henry Cox and James Kidston; and any other three persons resident in any parish, from time to time to he appointed by the commander in chief for the time being; which said commissioners

( 33 )

JAMAICA.

shall have full power and authority to procure all such neceflaty provisions, and other requisite articles, for the use of any party or parties raised and to be lent out as aforesaid, as to the said commissioners shall seem expedient.

6th. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners or any two of They may contrail them be hereby authorized and empowered to contract with any butcher or J?* tnies^and*" butchers for fresh beef, and with any other person or persons whatsoever for all ma/imprefi "cattle, such other articles as shall be necessary for the comfortable subsistence and ac- if not to be had

commodation of the parties to be sent out under the authority of this Act, and c°n,ra&-also of any other body of militia or regular white troops* whenever on actual service against an enemy: And that in case the said commissioners shall find it hnpracticable at any time to provide by contract for the militia or regular white troops, or the parties aforesaid, when actually employed, they or any two of them are hereby empowered to issue warrants, authorizing such person or persons as they shall think proper to press cattle, and other provisions or matters, for the accommodation of the militia and regular white troops, and the parties as aforesaid, when on actual service against an enemy: Provided, that nothing Provifei herein contained shall in anywise defeat or interfere with any contract entered into or to be entered into for the subsistence of His Majesty's troops quartered in this Island.

7th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it may and shall Commissioners em. be lawful for the said commissioners, or any two of them, under the order of the commander in chief for the time being, to raise such a number of negro or other negr^ for psmeit slaves, for arms or baggage, as to them may appear necessary, to be sent out with any party raised and fitted out under the authority of this Act: Provided always* pr0Tjf0. that the number of the slaves which shall be required from the several and respective estates or individuals in any parish or district of a parish, shall be in proportion to the whole number belonging to such estate or individual.

8th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it may and shall They may also be lawful for the said commissioners, or any two of them, at any time when the ,mPrefl cattle,vans, militia of this Island, or any part thereof, or any of His Majesty's regular white fe^jc°r troops, are employed in actual service against an enemy, or any patty or parties are raised and actually sent out under the authority of this Act, to hire, or in case that should not be practicable, to press such slaves, horses, mules, draught cattle, carts, wains* or waggons as the public service shall require, in the manner herein after directed, and observing the equitable proportion with respect to the properties and individuals before mentioned.

9th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commis- Notice to be givett doners, or any two of them, shall cause notice to be given, by warrant under their to estate* of allot* hands and seals, at each estate, or to each individual, in the respective parish or district of any parish, of the particular proportion of shot and baggage-slaves, horses, mules, draught cattle, carts, wains or waggons, as they are so required to fend as aforesaid; and the (howing of the warrant to the master, owner, or any other person who shall have the care or charge of such estates, or of any number of slaves, horses, mules, draught cattle* carts, wains, or waggons, shall be held and taken for sufficient notice. 1

10th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where in case of tefufal to a master, pwner, or overseer, or other person intruded with the care or charge of furniffi allotments, any plantation or settlement, or of any number of slaves, horses, mules, draught .* IO°*'to*

cattle, carts, wains or waggons, shall, on notice given, refuse or neglect to fend the , IBpo proportion of good and able slaves, or of horses, mules, draught cattle, carts,

Wains, or waggons required, such as shall be approved of by thefaia commissioners, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds j but if it foall appear that such default did not happen through the direction of the master or owner, but by refusal or neglect of the overseer, in such case the overseer or person intruded shall be liable to such penalty.

1 ith. And be it further enacted, That upon every such neglect or refusal as and a warrant for aforesaid, it may and shall be lawful for the said commissioners or any two of impressing to be -(18.; I themiffued*

( 34 )

JAMAICA

thorn to authori<to, by warrant under their hands and seals, the ftnpressing ftfai

tntoag the number of good1 and able slaves, and of fervioeaWc horsea, mulct}

draught cattle, carta, wains, or waggons, which shall have been required os Prorifo. aforesaid: Provided always, that no chief boiler, head driver, or tradesman shall be so impressed.

Commissioners may iath. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case at any time when the militia of this Island, or any part thereof, or any of His Majestyfa rieT &c. for public regular white troops, shall be actually employed against an enemy, the commis-fcnrice. fioners aforesaid should And it necessary to employ any wherry, boat, or other

vessel, it may and shall be lawful for the said commissioners to hire such wherry, boat, or other veil'd; and in case this shall not be in their power, to authorize, by warrant under their hands and seals, the impreliing and taking such wherries, boats, or vessels which the public service may require.

Officers commanding parlies on exigency may impress carriages, cattle, See. giving certificates thereof to the owners;

who are to receive oompcnfatKto, to be afoettained.

13th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer commanding any party raised and sent out by virtue of this Act be and he is hereby empowered (provided that, from the shortness of time, or other exigency of the case, he cannot be or is not furnished by the commissioners aforesaid with such carts, wains, waggons or other carriages, draught cattle, mules or horses, as the nature of the service may immediately require,) to impress, in the moil equitable manner that he can, all such carriages, cattle, mules and horses as aforesaid, of which there shall be immediate need; which commanding officer is hereby required, (under the penalty of one hundred pounds for every neglect or refusal, to be recovered in a summary way before any justice of the peace of the parish where such impress is made, which penalty shall be to the use of the owner of any such impressed article or articles,) to give certificates of the waggons, wains, carts and other carriages, draught cattle, mules and horses, by him so impressed, therein expressing the time when they were employed in such service, as also any hurt or accident that may have happened to the fame, to the end that the owner thereof may receive reasonable fans I action; the amount of which hire and damages shall be regulated and ascertained by any two of the commissioners aforesaid, who shall attest the fame under their hands, in the manner herein after directed.

sl*v5* 1? be valued, , And whereas slaves serving in such parties as may be fitted out under the abled, their owners authority of this Act may be* killed or disabled; be it enacted by the authority to receive adequate aforesaid, Thar all and every such slave or slaves who shall be employed in such compensation; parties, shall previous thereto be valued and appraised by the said commissioners, or any two persons to be appointed by them, and that such valuation shall not exceed the sum of two hundred pounds: And in case any slave or slaves shall be killed, the mailer or owner of such slave or slaves shall receive for every slave so killed the sum at which the said slave shall have been valued: And in case any such slave or slaves shall be disabled by loss of limb, the mailer or owner of fuel) slave or slaves shall receive such sum as shall appear to be the difference in the value of such slave or slaves, at the time of being valued as aforesaid, and upon a revaluation to be made by the said commissioners, after such slave or slaves shall become1 so disabled as aforesaid; which said several sums the receiver general for the time being shall and he is hereby directed and required to pay out of any monies in his hands unappropriated, unto the mailer or owner of every such slave or slaves so killed or disabled as aforesaid, on a certificate being produced to him, under the hand of the commanding or senior officer of the party to which such slave or slaves belonged, that such slave or slaves was or were so killed or disabled in the party int"reftPfrom'daie *r un^6r ^ls command, or of which he was senior officer: And in case the said receiver general shall not have in his hands money sufficient to answer such purpose, he is Hereby authorized and empowered to certify on the back of such certificate, that the holder or Holders thereof shall be entitled to receive, out of the public treasury of this Island, the sum therein mentioned, with interest. froth the dates thereof respectively, at six pounds per centum per annum; and such certificate shall be received in payment of all duties and public taxes whatsoeven, the revenue duties accepted: Provided neverthelefo that if any slaves, horfts. mules, or cattle'

die

to be paid by receiver general, on production of certificate.

C 35 )

dto 6t art loft in the service, and are paid for by the public, in all cafesno hire fifcU be alto wed; and the Value of the holies and mules shall be estimatea at a ftini not exceeding forty pounds respectively, and for cattle per bead, at a sum not exceeding thirty pounds.

15th. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any lfidtatj free person of colour, or free negro, who shall have entitled as a volunteer, or have been drafted from the militia, to serve in any party raised and fitted out by virtue of this Act, shall in any action be disabled or killed, each person so disabled, or the family of each so killed, shall be entitled to the fame provision, subject to the fame conditions, as is allowed to free persons of colour and free nCgrdes by an Act of this Island, pa fled on the twenty-second day of December <me thousatld seven hundred and ninety'five, intituled " An Act to make provision for the families of such free people of colour and free negroes enrolled in the tailitia, as shall be killed or disabled in the public service."

16th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commanding officer of every party fitted out under this Act shall have and receive for his pay twenty shillings per day; each other commissioned officer, fifteen shillings per day; each non-commissioned officer, seven shillings and sixpence per day j each private white man, five shillings per day; and each free Indian, mulatto, and negro, five shillings per day; and that such slave intruded with arms, or carrying baggage on such party, shall receive three shillings and four-pence per day; which pay for said Oaves shall be paid to the owner or proprietor, his or her agent or representative, for the hire of every such slave as shall serve in any party as aforesaid.

17th. And be it enacted, That the respective pay as aforesaid to such officers, white men and others, as shall be raised as aforesaid, or impressed to go out in any party as directed by this Act, shall commence from the day on which they shall be actually employed in that service, and continue until they are discharged, and no longer; and shall be paid to the commanding officer of every such party by the receiver general, out of any public money in his hands; which said commanding officer is hereby required to distribute the same to the several officers, non-commissioned officers, and men of such party, at the several rates before declared: Provided always, that the commanding officer of every such party shall, before the receipt of such pay as aforesaid, deliver to the receiver general a muder roll, upon oath, of the officers and private men, and of the daves bearing arms or baggage, in actual service under his command, in such party; which said muder roll, with the commanding officer’s receipt thereon, shall be a good and sufficient voucher and authority to the receiver general for die payment of the money expressed therein.

1 18th; And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That over and above the pay herein-before allowed to the parties sent out under the authority of this Act, each party shall have and receive the sum of fifteen pounds, and no more, for every rebellious negro, mulatto, or other slave they shall kill; and the sum of twenty pounds, and no more, for every such rebellious slave as they shall take and bring in alive; and for every runawaiy slave above the age of fourteen years, the sum of ten pounds, and no more; and forty shillings for every negro, mulatto, or other boy or girl, under fourteen years of age, which such party shall bring in alive; which said reward or rewards shall be paid to the commanding officer of such party by the receiver general, out of any public money in his hands unappropriated, upon an affidavit of such commanding officer being produced to him, attested in the manner herein after directed, that the slave or slaves, for the killing or taking of whom he claims such reward or rewards, was or were killed or taken by the party under his command: Provided always, that when any party shall kill any rebellious slave, the commanding officer, or any' two other officers of such party, shall be obliged, and are hereby directed, to view the body of such slave so killed, and to certify under his or their hand or hands, and on oath, the age, quality, sex and mark of such slave which hath been killed, and to produce personally all such slaves as have been taken prisoners, to the commissioners, or any

JAMAICA.

Slaves, See. dying in public service to be paid for.

Provision for families of free persons killed in public service.

36 Geo. 3. cap. 15.

Pay ef parties.

Duration of pay)

which is to be paid to commanding officer.

Delivering a snifter roll and receipt.

Rewards to parties for taking or killiitg rebellious fiaves.

How the fad is to be ascertained.

( 3« )

JAMAICA,

two of them, appointed by this Act as aforesaid, for the parish from whence

1 fudh party was lent out, who in‘ such case arie hereby empowered and directed to attest the affidavit of the commanding officer of such party as aforesaid, and not otherwise.

Distribution of such

19th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in order to rewards. prevent any disputes that might arise about dividing the reward or rewards as

aforesaid, the commanding officer of every such party as aforesaid shall be authorised, and he is hereby directed to distribute one-sixth part of all such rewards, in equal shares, amongst the commissioned officers of such party, and the re-i maining five parts amongst the non-commissioned officers and privates, and the slaves bearing arms or baggage, serving in such party, in the proportion of one-third less to each such slave than to the said non-commissioned officers and privates (being free men) of such party; which share of the rewards as aforesaid, hereby allotted for such slaves, shall be paid to such slaves themselves for their own private use and particular encouragement, and not to their owners or proprietors.

20th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all slaves, Whether rebellious or only runaway, who shall be taken by any party sent out as aforesaid, and brought in alive by them to the commissioners appointed as aforesaid by this Act, shall be committed by them, or some one of them, to the gaol of the parish for which such commissioners shall be appointed; and in case there should be no gaol in such parish, to the goal of the precinct or of the county in which such parish shall be situated; and the keeper of such gaol, or the deputy marshal, shall be and he is hereby required, under the penalty of twenty pounds, to receive and detain in safe custody every such rebellious or runaway slave, until such slave shall be delivered by due course of law.

21st. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all officers and men serving on any party raised and sent out under the authority of this Act, shall be tried for all crimes and misdemeanors by them done or committed while they are employed in such service; , all commissioned,

officers by a general court-martial, and all private men, according to the nature of their offence, by a general or regimental court-martial, to be respectively appointed by commission from the governor, lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief for the time being, according to the rules and articles of war that shall then be in force'; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

22d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every officer or private man in the militia of this Island who shall be drafted out as aforesaid by order of the governor, lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief for the time being, or the commanding officer of the militia in the district to which he or they belong, and shall refuse or neglect to repair to his colours, march, or obey such other orders as he shall receive from his superior officer, shall, if an officer, be tried by a general court-martial, and if a private man, by a regimental court-martial, for such his disobedience or neglect, according to the rules and articles of war herein-before mentioned.

Orden ofgeaeral 23d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all orders and

officer* on the (biff commands which shall or may be given, in respect to military arrangements, to be obeyed. regulations, or purposes, by any officer acting as a general officer on the (tass, by. commission under the hand and seal, or by the appointment of the commander in chief (which commission is hereby exempted from any stamp or other duty), whenever, in time of any public necessity, the governor, lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief for the time being shall find it expedient for the public service to make such appointment, shall be obeyed and complied with, according to the exigency thereof, by all persons subject and liable to military command and fuborffination, within the district wherein such general officer shall be appointed to command.

How officers and privates of parties are to be tried.

Persons drafted subject to trial for refilling to knarch.

Rebellious dates taken to be committed to gaol.

24th* And

C 37 )

24th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the provost marshal general of this Island, or any of his deputies, shall not on any pretence whatsoever presume to take or arrest any of the officers or men, or the slaves, employed in any party by virtue of this Act, or within thirty days after they and each of them are respectively discharged, nor in the time of his going to or coming from the place of duty or rendezvous of such party, under the penalty of fifty pounds, and of being further liable to an action of false imprisonment f and in case of any such arrest, it may and shall be lawful for any one of His Majesty's justices of the peace for the parish where such person or persons shall be arrested, and such justice is hereby required, immediately to release him or them from such imprisonment.

25th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners appointed as aforesaid, in the Several and respective parishes of this Island, for carrying into effect the purposes of this Act, shall be and they are hereby directed and required to attest under their hands all purchases, contrafts, bar* gains, agreements, accounts, demands, certificates, and vouchers for all matters and things which by this Act they are authorized and enjoined to transact; and the fame being verified by the respective claimants on oath shall be laid before the commissioners appointed or to be appointed by law for (fating and settling the public accounts, in order to their being examined and audited by them in the manner next herein after mentioned and directed.

26th. And whereas many accounts, charges, and demands may accrue against the public of this Island, in consequence of measures to be taken by virtue of this Act for reducing rebellious and runaway slaves, and which it is just and fit should be liquidated and settled; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners appointed or to be appointed by law for dating and settling the public accounts, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to audit all such accounts, charges, and demands which shall have so accrued, and have been presented to or laid before them, at any time previous to the next meeting of the assembly thereafter; and to grant certificates, bearing interest at and after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, signed by any two of the said commissioners last mentioned, and countersigned by the receiver general, for the respective sums for which the same shall be passed; and which said certificates shall be taken in payment. of all public duties and taxes whatever, the revenue duties excepted.

27th. And it is hereby declared, That this or any future assembly will indemnify and save harmless the commissioners appointed as aforesaid for effecting the federal purposes of this Act, from any personal responsibility which may lie upon them, or any of them, by reason of any engagements which they or any of them shall have bond fide made for the public service, according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

28th. And be it hereby enacted and declared, That the actions, transactions, and proceedings of any two of the commissioners herein appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, for carrying into effect the purposes of this Act, be held and considered as good and valid as if the fame had been the act and acts of the whole of them.

29th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commanding officer of a regiment or battalion, every officer commanding a party, every commissioner aforesaid, and every justice of the peace, who shall refuse or neglect to do his or their duty in any matter or thing required of him or them by this- Act, shall respectively for every offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

30th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained is meant or intended to do away any power granted by the militia law, now or hereafter to be in force, enabling colonels or commanding officers of the several districts to order a muster on any sudden emergency or alarm, and to take such other steps for public security as to him the said colonel or commanding officer shall seem absolutely necessary and proper.

(18.) K 31ft. And

JAMAICA:

Officers, privates, and slaves of parties free from arrest.

Commissioners to attest accounts, &r. which, being sworn to by claimant, are to be audited by commissioners of accounts;

who may grant certificates for the fame, bearing interest.

Commissioners under this Act indemnified.

Acts of any two commissioners to be valid.

Penalty on commanding officers, &c. for neglect of duty.

Power of colonels to act on emergency not interfered with.

JAMAICA.

How penalties are to be recovered and applied.

Indemnity to public agent*.

General HTue.

[Treble costs.]

31ft. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties in this Act mentioned, not exceeding twenty pounds, and not declared how they shall be recovered, shall be recovered before any of His Majesty's justices of the peace of the parish or precind wherein the offence mall have been committed, who is hereby authorized and empowered to issue his warrant to summon the party or parries complained of before him, and on conviction to enforce payment of the forfeiture or penalty, by warrant for distraining on the offender’s goods and chattels, directed to the provost marihal or any of his lawful deputies, or to the constable or constables of such parish or precind, which penalties shall be paid into the hands of the party or parties complaining; and that all penalties exceeding twenty pounds shall be recovered in the supreme court of judicature, or in the courts of assize in this Island, wherein no essoin, protection, imparlance, wager of law, non vult ulterius prosequi, or injunction, shall be entered or allowed; one half whereof shall be to the informer, or him or them who shall foe for the fame, and the other half be paid to the receiver general, for and towards supporting the contingent charges of the government of this Island; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 2d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons by whom any thing is required to be done by this Act shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any such thing done and executed in pursuance and under the authority of this Act, the defendant or defendants may plead the general issue " not guilty," and give this Act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was had in pursuance and under the authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, that the jury shall rind a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any. defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in any other cases by law.

[Preamble.]

a*. 6d. per diem for maintenance to be allowed to each yer* son of free condition confined for debt in the gaol* of thin island also jt. per week for flaees in confinement.

[Proviso.]

No. 13.

An ACT for providing a Maintenance for People of free condition confined for debt, and Slaves confined in the county gaols of this Island.

[a8th November 1807.]

WHEREAS the Acts granting allowances to debtors of free condition and slaves confined in the gaols of this Island require amendment: May it please Tour Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant* governor. Council, and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That from and after the pafitng of this Act, there shall be allowed to every person of free condition confined for debt in any gaol of this Island, the sum of two shillings and sixpence per dtem for maintenance j and that there shall be allowed and paid by the week, for subsistence to every negro and other slave confined in any of the county gaols of this Iffand, the sum of five shillings, by the keeper of the said respective gaols, under the penalty, on every such gaol-keeper, for every neglect or refusal, of ten pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner before any two magistrates of the parish or precind wherein such deputy marihal shall neglect or refuse to pay such allowances as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, and the said gaol-keeper is hereby required, under the like penalty, to be recovered in manner aforesaid, to fiirnifft and fopply every such debtor or slave as aforesaid, being sick, with such necessaries as me phyucian or surgeon having the medical superintendence of such gaol shall direct in writing to be provided; and in order to make compenfetien to the said gaol-keepers for such foms as they shall advance under and in pursuance of this Act, it shall and, may be lawful for the said gaol-keepers to charge in their accounts at and after the site of six pounds per centum per annum on all sums a dually advanced by them from the rime of their rdpedive advances, and which shall be ajfowed and paid the said gaol-keepers.

( 39 )

No. 14.

An ACT to repeal several Acts therein mentioned respecting Slaves, to declare Slaves Assets for payment of Debts and Legacies, and in what manner they shall descend and be held as property, and be fold find conveyed in certain cases.

[28th November 1807.]

WHEREAS, on the expiration of a certain Act, intituled "An Act to repeal the several Acts and clauses of Acts respecting slaves therein mentioned, and for the better order and government of slaves and other purposes, the several Acts and clauses of Acts in and by the said Act repealed will revive and be in force: And whereas it is expedient that all and every the said Acts and clauses of Acts, and also certain other enactments respecting slaves, should be and Hand repealed, to the end that the code for the protection and government of slaves may be simplified, and as much as may be consolidated: We, Your Majesty's moH dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of this Your Majesty's IHand of Jamaica, moH humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-governor, Council and Assembly of the said IHand, and it is. hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That from and after the firH day of December next, all and every the Laws and Acts herein after mentioned, and every part thereof, be and Hand repealed, annulled, and made void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any thing in the said laws or in any other law contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; videlicet; An Act of the governor, council, and assembly of this IHand, intituled " An Act for regulating servants," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand fi*t hundred and eighty-one; also one other Act of the lieutenant-governor, council,.and assembly, intituled " An Act for the better order and government of Slaves," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-six; also one other Act, intituled " An Act for the more effectual punishing of crimes committed by Slaves," passed in the year of oar Lord one thousand seven hundred aQd seventeen; also one other Act, intituled " An Act for the encouragement of voluntary parties to suppress rebellious and runaway Negroes," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; also one other Act, intituled " An Act to inflid further and other punishments on the transgressors of two several Acts, the one intituled (An Act for the better order and government of Slaves,’ and the other intituled ‘ An Act to prevent the enticing or inveigling of Slaves from the possessors, and for the preventing the transportation of Slaves by mortgagers and tenants for life and years; and for regulating abuses committed by Slaves," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-live; also one other Act to repeal part of an Act, intituled " An Act for the'more effectual punishment of crimes committed by Slaves, and to oblige the several parishes to pay for all negroes executed in each respective parish," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty; also one other Act, intituled " An Act to explain and amend an Act, intituled An Act for the better order and government of slaves, and for making free and rewarding a negro named Hector, belonging to Thomas Fuller esquire, and paying his said mailer the value of the said negro," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; also one other Act, intituled " An Act to inflid further and other punishments on runaway Slaves, and such as shall entertain them," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; also one other Act to amend an Act, intituled " An Act to repeal part of an Act, intituled An Act for the more effectual punishment of crimes committed by Slaves, and to oblige the several parishes to pay for all Negroes executed in each respective parish," passed in the said year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; also "An Act to prevent the clandestine killing and marking of cattle, and for the better regulating of hunting," passed in the said

JAMAICA.

[Preamble.]

Repeal of the following Acts.

JAMAICA.

( 40 )

vear of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; also one other Act, intituled " An Act to explain part of an Act, intituled ‘ An Act for the better order and government of Slaves; and for infiiding further and other punishments on persons killing Negroes or Slaves," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; also one other Act, intituled " An Act to remedy the evils arising from irregular assemblies of Slaves, and to prevent their possessing arms and ammunition, and going from place to place without tickets, and for preventing the practice of obeah, and to rest rain overseers from leaving the estates under their care on certain days; and to oblige all free Negroes, Mulattos, or Indians, to register their names in the vestry-books of the respective parishes of this Island, and to carry about them the certificate, and wear the badge of their freedom; and to prevent any captain, master, or supercargo of any venel bringing back Slaves transported off this Island," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty; also one other Act, intituled " An Act to explain and amend an Act, intituled An Act to remedy the evils arising from irregular assemblies of Slaves, and to prevent their possessing arms and ammunition, and going from place to place without tickets, and for preventing the practice of obeah, and to restrain overseers from leaving the estates under their care on certain days, and to oblige all free Negroes, Mulattoes or Indians, to register their names in the vestry-books of the respective parishes of this Island, and to carry about them the certificate, and wear the badge of their freedom; and to prevent any captain, master, or supercargo of any vessel bringing back slaves transported off this Island," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-onealfo one other Act, intituled " An Act to repeal an Act, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing Negroes and other Slaves from deferring from their owners, and departing from this Island in a clandestine manner, and to punish such persons as shall be aiding, assisting, or abetting such Slaves in their escape, and for the more effectual preventing Negroes and other Slaves from deferring from their owners, and departing from this Island in a clandestine manner, and to punish such persons as shall be aiding, assisting, or abetting such Slaves in their escape," passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; also one other Act passed in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled " An Act to explain, alter, and amend an Act passed in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-six* intituled An Act for the better order and government of Slaves $ and also one other Act, intituled " An Act to repeal several Acts and clauses of Acts respecting Slaves, and for the better order and government of Slaves, and for other purposes," passed the Twenty-second day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

Slaves not to be free by becoming Christians; they are to be taken for debts when no other effects can be got.

The children stand in the parents* situation.

Proviso respecting leased flares.

ad. And whereas in and by certain of the Acts and clauses of Acts herein and hereby repealed, provision was made for making slaves assets for payment of debts and legacies, and in what manner they should descend and be held as property, and be conveyed in certain cases; and it is expedient to continue and amend such wholesome regulations; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no slaves shall be free by becoming a Christian j and for payment of debts and legacies, all slaves shall be deemed and taken as all other goods and chattels are in the hands of executors or administrators; and where other goods and chattels are not sufficient to satisfy the said debts and legades, then so many slaves as are necessary for the payment of debts and legacies shall be fold, and the remaining slaves, after the payment of the said debts and legades, shall be judged, deemed, and taken as inheritance, and shall accordingly descend; and all children of slaves born in the possession of tenant for life or years shall remain or revert, as the parents do or should have done, to him or her in reversion or remainder, after expiration of such term of years after the death of tenant for life or tenant in tail, after pof&bility of issue extinct: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this dause shall extend of be construed to extend to leases heretofore made; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

( 4* !)

JAMAICA.

3d. And whereas in and by an Act,intituled "An Act to repeal the several Acts and clauses of Acts respecting Slaves therein mentioned, and for the better order and government of Slaves, and Writer purposes, the fortieth clause of an 4* Geo. III. c. 26. Act of the lieutenant-governor, council, and assembly of this Island, intituled " An Act for the better order and government of Slaves/’ spaded ta the year of '8nGul.Tn. c.a. our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, being the fame clatife hereinbefore re-enacted, was annulled, repealed, and made void: And whereas the said clause was so annulled, repealed, and made void inadvertently and through mistake, and advantages may be attempted to be taken of such mistake by designing per-tfons/; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the Clause 40 in last-said clause, and every matter and thing therein contained, is to be taken and con- rec,*«d Act to be fidered to nave been and continued in rorce and effect from the time of pacing "

the said Act, in the said year of our Lord one thousand fuc hundred and ninety-six, until the passing of this present Act, any law, ulage, or customto the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

4th. And be it further enacted, That all slaves alfigtied for dower shall be Slates‘for dower liable, proportionately with those belonging to any heir or heirs, to the payment m*y be taken for of debts, but not of legacies, any thing to the contrary notwithstanding i Prd- debt*’ vfcted nothing in this Act contained shall extend to hinder any person possessed HnAteft fife«f in his ovm right of any slave or slaves, to fell, or by gift or othdTwife dispose ^ike of such slave or Saves as he shah think fit during his Metmte; Which fide, gift, °w* or disposal shall be a perpetual bar to his wife from any claim of dower in such slave or slaves.

cth. And in order that there may be a safe and regular mode in which property Bbeks to tfefccf*, in slaves may be transferred at an easy expense, be it enacted, That the clerks of wktmoWurmnwft the peace, or clerks of the vestry where no clerks of the peace are, of the several narishes and precincts within this Island, shall keep a distinct book, in which it shall and may be lawful for all persons resident within the parish or precinct where such book is kept, to cause entries to be made of all slaves fold and disposed of, and agreed to be conveyed by toll; in every which entry shall be expressed the Substance of the time of the sale made, the names of the vendor and vendee, the name and mark cotfina^ titk* of the slave or slaves, with the consideration for which fold; which laid entry fjh *4 to or toll, if the feller is lawfully authorized to sell or dispose of such slave 6 flaVrt, be effectml to mm shall be a8 good and valid to ratify and confirm the said sale or fates, at rf the feT slave*oT fcmm* fame had been by deed or writing under hand and sea!, and shall be held, deemed, co,e^l, and adjudged to be a sufficient record and evidence in any court of record within this liland: Provided always, that no- entry by way of toll shall be effectual to transfer and convey the slaves of a femme covert, bilt that such slaves shall only be transferred and conveyed by deed, executed and proved in the same manner and form as is required to deeds for barring dower; and if any person shall rate, P&niAtoeiit ter em* injure or destroy any such retry or toll, the porfon so offending, on bong convicted in the supreme court, or any court of assize withm this Island, shall fufier to make such entry such punishment as the law has provided against such as raze, injure or destroy when legal fee records j and if any clerk by whom such book is directed to be kept, shall refute tendered, or neglect to make such entry on receiving or having tendered to him the legal fee, he shall forfeit to the party or parties injured the sum of ten pounds far evety such offence, to be recovered m a summary way, before two or more magistrates of the parish or precinct, and to be levied by warrant under their hands and teals on the goods and chattels of the offender.

(18.)

L

JAMAICA.

No. 15.

[Preamble.]

Slaves to be allowed one day in every fortnight, besides Sundays, except during crop, under penalty of aol.

Negro grounds to be rafpected every month.

Where there are not

Jroper lands, each ave is to have provision equal to 3§. 4jd. per week.

Proper clothing to be given to Saves annually, under penalty of 50l.

Yearly accounts to be given in of the provision made for and clothing delivered to Saves, under penalty of 50l.

PoHeSors of Saves not to turn them away on account of infirmity, but keep them on their properties, and provide for them, under penalty of aol*

An ACT for the protection, subsisting, clothing, and for the better order, regulation, and government of Slaves j and for other purposes.

[14th December 1809.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the protection, subsistence, clothing, and better order and government of the slaves in this Island; may it please Tour Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Tour Majesty's Island of Jamaica, That from and after the commencing of this Act, the slaves belonging to or employed on every plantation or settlement shall, over and above the holidays herein after to be mentioned, be allowed one day in every fortnight to cultivate their own provision-grounds, exclusive of Sundays, except during the time of crop, under the penalty of twenty pounds, to be recovered against the overseer or other person having the care of such slaves.

2d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such matter, owner, or possessor, or his or her overseer or chief manager, shall, under the penalty of ten pounds for each neglect, personally insped into the condition of the negro grounds once in every month at least, in order to see that the same are cultivated and kept up in a proper manner, of which oath shall be made, as in this act is hereafter directed: And whereas it may happen, that on some plantations, pens, settlements, and towns in this Island, there may not be lands proper for the cultivation of provisions, then and in that case the matters, owners, or possessors do, by some other ways and means, make good and ample provision for all such slaves as they shall be possessed of, equal to the value of three shillings and four-pence currency per week for each slave, in order that they may be properly supported and maintained, under the penalty of fifty pounds.

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every matter, owner, or possessor of slaves, shall, once in every year, provide and give to each slave they shall be possessed of, proper and sufficient clothing, to be approved of by the justices and vestry of the parish where such matter, owner, or possessor of such slaves shall reside, under the pnalty of fifty pounds.

4th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every matter, owner, proprietor, or possessor of slaves, his or her overseer or chief manager, at their giving in an account of their slaves and (lock to the justices and vestry, on the twenty.eighth day of December in every year, or at the vestry which shall be held next after that day, shall, under the penalty of fifty pounds for every neglect, give in an account, on oath, of the nature and quantity of the clothing actually served to each slave on such plantation, pen, or dther settlement, for the approbation of the justices and vestry as aforesaid; and shall likewise at the same time declare, on oath, that he has inspected the negro ground (where such grounds are allotted) of such plantation, pen, or settlement, according to the direction of this Act.

5th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no matter, owner, or possessor of any slave or slaves, whether in his or her own right, or as attorney, guardian, trustee, executor, or otherwise, shall discard or turn away any such slave or slaves on account or by reason of such slave or slaves being rendered incapable of labour or service to such matter, owner, or possessor, by means of sickness, age, or infirmity; but every such matter, owner, or possessor as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby obliged to keep all such slave or slaves upon his, her, or their properties, and to find and provide them with sufficient clothing, wholesome necessaries of life, and not suffer such slave or slaves as aforesaid to be in want thereof, or to wander about or become burthensome to others for fullenance, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every such offence, to be recovered in a summary

JAMAICA.

( 43 )

manner before any two justices of the peace on this Island; who are hereby authorized^ empowered, and required to cause such master, owner, or possessor, his, her, or their attorney or agent, and such other persons as they shall judge necessary to be summoned before them, to enable them to judge and determine of the propriety of such information, and whether such master, owner, or possessor ought to incur the said penalty; and in the mean time, and until such trial can be had, the said justices of the peace, upon their own view, or upon the information of any white person on oath, are hereby empowered and required to take up such wandering, lick, aged, or infirm slave or slaves, and to lodge him, her, or them, in the nearest work-house, there ro be clothed and fed, but not worked, at the expense of the master, owner, or possessor, until such trial as aforesaid can be had; and if it lha.ll appear to the said justices on such trial, that the party or parries so complained of is or are guilty of the said offence, and shall refute to pay the said sum of twenty pounds, and the fees of such workhouse, for the maintenance of such slave or slaves, together with the charges of clothing and of the conviction, the said justices are hereby required and empowered, under the penalty of twenty pounds, forthwith by warrant under their hands and seals directed to the constable, to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or parish where the offence shall be committed, there to remain until he or she shall pay the said sum of twenty pounds and charges as aforesaid; one moiety of which said fine shall be paid into the hands of the churchwardens of such parish for the poor of said parish; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

6th. And whereas from the decease and change of residence of many proprietors of slaves, and other circumstances, and from the manumission of negro, mulatto, and other slaves, without any suitable provision being made for their future maintenance, many unhappy objects, afflicted with contagious distempers, or disabled. from labour by sickness, age, and otherwise, and having no owners, prove dangerous or become a burthen and nuisance to the several towns and parishes of this Island: For remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices and vestrymen of the several towns and parishes in this Island be empowered and they are hereby empowered to lay a tax upon the inhabitants of the several towns and parishes, in the same manner as the parochial taxes are usually laid, for the purpose of railing such a sum as they shall judge sufficient to provide for the maintenance, clothing, medical care, and attendance in the workhouses or other convenient places of the said several towns and parishes of this Island, of such negro, mulatto, or other slaves, or other unhappy objects as aforesaid; and the magistrates respectively of such town and parish are hereby empowered and required, upon application being made to them or either of them, to order all such objects as aforesaid to be removed and conveyed to the respective workhouses of each parish where (if a Have) the former proprietor or proprietors, owner or owners of such slave, lived or resided; or if a person manumised or made free of the parish wherein the owner or owners commonly resided, or the property was situated, to whom or to which such manumised person belonged previous to the execution of such manumission, or if such manumission be by will, immediately previous to the decease of the testator or testatrix, there to be lodged and taken care of as aforesaid: And the magistrates and vestries of the several towns and parishes as aforesaid are hereby empowered and required to make from time to time all such humane and salutary regulations for the purposes aforesaid as to them shall seem necessary and expedient j and the supervisor or keeper of the workhouse in such parish to which such slave shall be sent by warrant from any other parish, shall be subject to receive the same, under the penalty of twenty pounds.

7th. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That every parish in this Island, to which any manumised person shall be removed in pursuance of this act, or any clause of any former act for this purpose, as to the place of the legal settlement of such person, shall be entitled to claim all the advantages to be derived by law from the security bond directed to be entered into and given in and by an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the manumission of Negro, Mulatto, and other Slaves, and to oblige the owners to make a provision for them during' their lives," by any person or persons

manumising

Wandering flares maybe taken up and sent to the work* house to be supported, till possessor summoned, and matter inquired into*

If possessor found guilty, and refuse to pay penalty, work* house fees, &c. he is to be sent to gaol till he pay.

Justices and vestries to lay taxes for support of disabled negroes, who are to be piaffed to the parishet where their former owners resided, as are those free poor who have been manumised.

Vestries to make regulations for their accommodation.

In the case of manumised persons becoming burthen* foree to any parish, such parish may have recourfeto the security bond entered into under 15 G. 3. cap. 18*

( 44 )

JAMAICA-

maaumifling any slave or slaves, to the churchwardens of whatfaeatr yife 4uoh.

bond may have been given, as fully if the fame had been entered into jd the

churchwardens of the parish to which sech maavumifed person dbatt hsoon burthensome.

Property of owners 8th. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in caTe any jgoodq, 11 ^battels, or slaves belonging to the owners of such old, irtfirm, and defeated!Haves

appt in the as aforesaid, who shall have become burthensome to any parish for fapport, shall hey hecooae thereafter be found in any part of this Island, it may and shall be lawful for the churchwardens of every such parish to recover the fall amount of all expenses, to - which such parish shall at any time have been put on account of such delated slaves, before any two justices of the peace of the parish or precind wherein such goods, chattels, or slaves shall be found, by distress and sale of the same.

DMkM«AJkTe«,the $th. And whereas it sometimes happens that aged, infirm# or disabled slaves be> lohgiHg to the jestates of insolvent debtors, remain the custody of theprovoft of provost marshfl, toarffad of this Island, or his deputies, without a poffibilky of the fame being fold may be removed by for the benefit of the creditors of such estates $ be it enacted by the authority order of two magi- aforesaid, That upon proof being made on oath by any deputy snarfbal, before any where thefr owner two toagistrates of the district wherein he dhall hold has appointment, that any slave resided. or slaves of the above description has or have been in his custody far more than

six months thereto preceding, that such slave or slaves have been repeatedly put up to sale by public outcry, that no bidder has offered to purchase die fame, and

there is no probability of his or their being fold, it may and shall be lawful for the said two magrft rates tp make an order, under their hands and seals, for the removal of such slave or slaves to the parish wherein the owner of such slave or slaves resided, at or immediately before the time when he or she took the benefit of the ad far the relief of insolvent debtors now in force or hereafter to be in force, there to be maintained and provided for according to the directions of this act hereinbefore declared.

8yeh«nkri>eingre- ioth. And it is hereby farther eluded. That such order being recorded in the c*Kfe?i*t*crk office of the clerk of the peace of the prednd wherein the gaol of such deputy

r?" fl^nrThii I*iar^ aforesaid shall be situated, shall be deemed and taken, in all the Courts

doputMundemuified this Island, a* a complete and perfect acquittal of all demands, dams, suits, is a&iag under it. and actions of every kind on or against such provost marshal or any of his deputies, as may or shall be made, instituted, or prefared by any person or persons what-faever, on account or by reason of the removal of any such slave or slaves as aforesaid out of hifS or their custody.

If negroes sffli&ed i tth. And whereas negroes affiided with the yaws are sometimes permitted to with the y»w« are leave their mailer's property and travel about the country, to the great annoyance *ropert ^andtravel thp public and of thpfe in the neighbourhood; be it enacted, That every owner aboutt^e country, or proprietor of slaves, or his, her, or their overseer, as the case may be, permitting the owner, Sic. per- the fame, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence j one mitting the iame to mpiety of which to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the church-forfeit aol. for each. war<jcn8 for the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed, and which forfeiture shall be recovered in a summary manner, on oath of the informer, or other person complaining, to be levied by warrant of the said magistrates, who, on refusal or failure of payment, are hereby authorized to commit the to the county or nearest gaol until paid.

Field flaw are to nth. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every field

harohtfanhourfor slave on such plantation or settlement shall, on work days, be allowed half an hou^for tttpncrr° ^our for breakraft, and two hours for dinner j and that no slaves shall be com-and npt to workbe- pelled to any manner of field-work upon the plantation before the hour of five in fore fiv? nor after the morning, or after the hour of seven at night, except during the time of crop, seven, except during under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered against the overseer or other erppfURder pmwty person having the charge of such slaves.

Sbw to be allowed f gth. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for die future therfual holidays; ah fl&yes in this Island Hull be allowed the usual number of holiday* that wees b«t they are not to at she usual seasona of Christmas, Easter, and Whkfunride s Profiled

that

JAMAICA.

have two successive days, except at Christmas.

If persons allow them more holidays atthofefeafons, they forfeit jl.

Slaves taking up runaways, or discovering their being harboured, are to be rewarded at discretion of a roagistrate.

( 45 )

that at every such respective season no two holidays shall be allowed to follow or succeed immediately: one after the other, except at Christmas, when they shall be allowed Chrilhnas-day, and also the day immediately succeeding; any law, custom, or afage to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any master, owner, guardian, or attorney of any plantation or settlement, or the overseer of such plantation or settlement, shall presume, at the seasons aforesaid, to allow any holidays to any slave belonging to any such plantation or settlement, other than is directed by this Act to be given, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds.

14th. And in order to encourage slaves for every good and worthy aft that they shall do, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every slave or slaves that shall inform against any person who shall have or conceal any runaway slave or slaves, so that such runaway slave or slaves may be taken and restored to his or their owner or owners, or be committed to any workhouse, every such slave or slaves so informing shall be entitled to such reward as any justice shall think just and reasonable, and be paid by such person or persons as such justice shall determine ought to pay the same, not lese than ten shillings, nor exceeding twenty shillings, to be enforced by a warrant under the hand and seal of such justice.

15th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave If they kill or take or slaves shall kill or take any slave or slaves in actual rebellion, he or they shall rebel*, they "*to receive from the churchwardens of the respective parishes where such slave or a orewa slaves shall have been killed the sum of three pounds, and the sum of five pounds if taken Alive, and a blue cloth coat, to be paid and furnished by the churchwardens of the respective parishes where such slave or slaves shall have been killed or taken; the whole expense whereof shall be reimbursed by the receiver-general for the dme being out of any monies in his hands unappropriated.

16th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person Person* wilfullykill-hereafter shall wantonly, willingly, or bloodmindedly kill or cause to be killed any ‘"g^aTet to fu®er negro or other slave, such person so offending shall on conviction be adjudged deat ' guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and shall suffer death accordingly for the said offence: Provided always, that such conviction shall not extend to the Blood not corruptcorrupting the blood, or the forfeiture of lands or tenements, goods or chattels; ed thsreby-any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

17th. And in order to prevent any person from mutilating or dismembering any Person* mutilating slave or slaves, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any master, slave*, or consenting

«his>. h,e.r> or their

mistress, owner, possessor, or other person whatsoever, shall own will and pleasure, or by his, her, or their direction, or with his, her, or t^lv^m'oTrhsrbe-their knowledge, sufferance, privity, or consent, mutilate or dismember any slave fide* being liable to or slaves, he, she, or they shall be liable to be indicted for each offence in the *naction of damage*, supreme court of judicature, or in any of the assize courts of this Island, and upon conviction shall be punished by fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and imprisonment not exceeding twelve months, for each and every slave so mutilated or dismembered; and such punishment is declared to be without prejudice to any action that could or might be brought at common law for recovery of damages for on account of the fame; and in very atrocious cases, where the Court may in atro-owner of such slave or slaves shall be convicted of such offence, the court before c*ou_s> cafaimanurait whom such offender shall have been tried and convicted are hereby empowered, in ,nut 1 m*’

case they shall think it necessary for the future protection of such slave or slaves, to declare him, her, or them free and discharged from all manner of servitude to all Intents and purposes whatsoever; and in all such cases the court are hereby em- and order the penal-powered and authorized, if to them it shall appear necessary, to order and direct *7 *° b« p«4 to the said fine of one hundred pounds to be paid to the justices and vestry of the *eftr7» parish to which the said slave or slaves belonged, to the use of the said parish; the said justices and vestry, in consideration thereof, paying to each of the said who are to allow the slave or slaves so made free the sum of ten pounds per annum for his or her ®ave* IO*‘ P*r maintenance and support during life: And in case any slave or slaves shall suffer *"num‘ any before-described mutilations, such slave or slaves, on his, her, or their appli- to^strat^may cation, to any justice of the peace, the said justice of the peace shall be and is befenttothework-

( 18.,) M hereby

JAMAICA,

hereby directed, required, and empowered on view, and its appearing to his

fadsfaction that such mutilation has been really fullered, to fend such slave or

house, to be sup- slaves to the neared workhouse where such offence shall be committed, and such taTn«^iig8tfn ° Aave or slaves shall be there safely kept and carefully attended at the expense of vestryj such parish, until such dme as there shall be a legal meeting of the justices and

vedry of such parish; which judices and vedry so met are hereby created and who are hereby appointed a council of protection to such slave or slaves; and the (arid judices and created a council of vedry so met are hereby directed and impowered to make further and full enquiry prote&on, and are Upon v;ew into the commitment of the mutilation of such slave or slaves; and if mudUtionra°ndC to them it shall appear proper, the said judices and vedry are hereby empowered

prosecute the and required to profecuce to effect such owner or owners; the expends of which

offenders. prosecution shall be paid by the parish where such offence shall be committedj and

Owners may be sued jn case the owner or owners of such slave or slaves shall appear capable of paying for costs. the cods and charges of such before-mentioned prosecution, the said judices and

vedry are hereby empowered to commence suit or suits against such owner or owners of such slave or slaves, and recover all ceds and charges out of purle by Workhouse-keeper them laid out and expended in such suit or (hits; and the keeper or supervisor of to produce muti- the workhouse where such mutilated slave or slaves shall have been fird com-warr under k hereby directed and required, upon due notice of the fird meeting of

penalty of 20l. the judices and vedry of the pariflt where the offence was committed, to produce

such mutilated slave or slaves for the inspection and direction of such judices and vedry, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every neglect in not producing before such judices and vedry such slave or slaves.

Justices being in- x gth. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any justice

formed that Oases f peace shall receive any complaint or probable intelligence from any slave or are mutilated or . , n 1 n r r - P.

confined without otherwise, that any slave or slaves is or are so mutilated, or is or are confined

support, are to issue without sufficient support, it shall and may be lawful for such judice of the peace,

their warrants, in and he is hereby empowered and required forthwith to issue his warrant to any con-

b^bn^ht^ore7 ^aWe» ordering him immediately to proceed to the place where such slave or slaves

them 8 so mutilated are confined, and such slave or slaves to release and bring before such

judice, who, on view of the fa&, is hereby authorized to fend such slave or slaves to

the workhouse for protection, there to be kept, but not worked, until inquiry

shall be made into the fad according to law.

Persons cruelly

19th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after

confirm) *hem *e commencement of this Act, any person or persons that shall wantonly or

withoutgsupport, cruelly whip, maltreat, beat, bruise, wound, or shall imprison or keep in confine-may be fined and ment, without sufficient support, any slave or slaves, shall be subject to be indicted imprisoned at dif- for the fame in the supreme court of judicature, or in either of the courts of assize cretion of the court, or court8 Qf quarter session in this Island; and upon being thereof legally convicted, he, she, or they shall suffer such punishment, by fine or imprisonment, or both, as the judges or judices of such courts shall think proper to inflict, any law, cudom, and also be liable to or usage to die contrary m anywise notwithstanding; and such punishment is actions of damages, hereby declared to be without prejudice to any action at common law that could or might be brought for the recovery of damages for and on account of the fame, in case such slave or slaves shall not be the property of the offender.

No slave to have 20th. And in order to redrain arbitrary punishment, be it further enacted by the more than ten lashes authority aforesaid, That no slave in any plantation or settlement, or in any of the fcnc^ wdefs the" workhouses or gaols of this Island, shall receive more than ten laflxm at one time «wher, Jcc.orfuper- and for one offence, unless the owner, attorney, guardian, executor or admini-visor, ftc.beprefeat; drator, or overseer of such plantation or settlement, naving such slave in his care, or ty-^ineon111811 fuPerv^or of such workhouse, or keeper of such gaol, mall be present; and that: c^un t in° onTday," no such owner, attorney, guardian, executor, administrator, or overseer, supervisor, under penalty. ’ or gaol-keeper, shall on any account punish a slave with more than thirty-nine lathes at one time and for one offence, nor inflict'or suffer to be inflicted such last mentioned punishment, nor any other number of lashes in thefiune day, nor until the delinquent has recovered from the effects of any former punishment, under a penalty not less than ten pounds or more than twenty pounds for every offence; to be recovered against the person directing* or permitting such punishment, in a summary manner upon conviction before any two magistrates by warrant.

aid. And

( 47 )

arft. And whereas a roifehievous practice has sometimes prevailed of punching JAMAICA, ithdisposed slaves, and such as are apt to abscond from their owners, by fixing or - causing to be fixed round the neck of such slaves an iron collar with projecting bars or hocks, to prevent the future desertion of such slaves; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such practice is hereby declared to be utterly un- Penalties on persons lawful, and that no person shall, on any pretence whatsoever, punish any negroe or putting weights or other slave, whether his own property or otherwise, by fixing or causing to be r*

fixed an iron or other collar round the neck of such slave, or by loading the body than here defig- " or limbs of such slave, for any offence whatsoever, with chains, irons, or weights of nated. any kind, other than a light collar without hooks, to indicate that such slave is an incorrigible runaway, unaer a penalty not less than five pounds nor exceeding fifty pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner before any two or more justices of the peace of the parish or precinct where the offence shall be committedand all Joyces under pe-and every the justices of the peace within this Island are hereby authorized, directed, naltyof iool.'to and required, under the penalty of one hundred pounds, on information and view hare such collars, of such offence, to order such collar, chains, irons, or weights, to be immediately &c* u^en °®* taken off from the slave or slaves wearing or bearing the same.

2ad. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no slave (such No slave to travel only excepted as are going with firewood, grass, fruit, provisions, or small flock, and (unless to market) other goods which they may lawfully fell, to market, and returning therefrom) without a ticket, shall hereafter be suffered or permitted to go out of his or her matter's or owner’s plantation or settlement, or to travel from one town or place to another, unless such slave shall have a ticket from his matter, owner, employer, or overseer, expressing particularly the time of such slave's setting out, and where he or she is going, and the time limited for his or her return, under a penalty not exceeding forty shillings un<jerpenait of og for every slave so offending, to be recovered from the matter, owner, employer, or on the owner, &c7 overseer, in a summary manner, before any one justice of the peace, by warrant of if he cannot prove distress, complaint being made to him upon oath, unless the matter, owner, employer, S*T*"‘ticket, or

or overseer of such slave shall prove upon oath before any justice of the peace of the ^ithouf his consent parish or precinct where such matter, owner, employer, or overseer may or shall live or happen to be, that he did give the said slave such ticket as aforesaid, or that such slave went away without his consent, in which case the justice to order punishment; and if such justice shall refuse or neglect his duty, either in causing the penalty to jp «.

be forthwith levied, on complaint being made to him as aforesaid, or the owner, fliA°this'penaU.y'1<X' overseer, or any other person who shall suffer a slave, being under his or their they forfeit 5l. direction, to go without a ticket as aforesaid, every justice so offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

23d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ticket Tickets to be only shall be granted to any slave or slaves for any time exceeding one calendar for one month, month.

24th. And whereas the more effectually to conceal runaway slaves, or prevent Free peoplegrantimr their being apprehended, tickets are given by Indians, free negroes, or free tickets to slaves of mulattoes; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid) That any Indian, otherstobepuoished free negro, or mulatto, granting or giving such ticket with such intent, shall be court

liable to be tried for the said offence before the supreme court of judicature, or in either of the courts of assize in this Island where the offence shall be committed; and on conviction shall suffer the lots of freedom, transportation, or such other punishment as the court in their discretion shall think proper to inflict.

25th. And belt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if such ticket white people doing shall be granted or given by any white person, with such intent as aforesaid, to any so to be also puniflw slave or slaves, before or after his or their absenting themselves from their owner, ed at discretion of employer, overseer, or, manager, such white person shall be liable to be tried for tl»e court, the fame before the supreme court of judicature, or either of the assize courts of this Island where the offence shall be committed, and on convifition shall suffer such punishment as the court in their discretion shall think proper to infli&.

26th. And be it further enacted by the authory aforesaid, That if any matter. Penalty of 50l. for owner, guardian, possessor, or attorney, overseer, or book-keeper of any plantation not endmouring

or

JAMAICA.

suppress unlawful aflemhliet of flares*

Information must be given within four-tten days.

Civil and military officers to suppress such assemblies.

Overseers, 9cc. who suffer such aflera-blies to be imprisoned six months;

if information given within fourteen days.

Slaves may have diversions on the properties they belong to i if no drums, Ire. are used; but they must be over by ten at night.

Negro burials to be over by sunset, or owner. See. forfeits 50l.

Burials in the towns Lc. must also be over before sunset.

Free people fullering assemblies at their houses to be imprisoned; if complained of in fourteen days.

c s)

or settlement, shall hereafter suffer any strange Saves to affentble together and beat their drums, or blow their horns or shells, upon any plantation, pen, or settlement, or in any yard or place under his, her, or their care or management, or shall not endeavour to disperse or prevent the fame, by immediately giving notice thereof to the next magistrate or commissioned officer, that a proper force may be sent to disperse the said slaves, every such master, owner, guardian, possessor, or attorney, overseer or book-keeper, shall for every such offence, upon conviction thereof upon an indictment in the supreme court of judicature or courts of aliize, pay a fine of fifty pounds to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island, and the contingent charges thereof: Provided nevertheless, that information of such offence shall be made upon oath, before any of His Majesty's justices of the peace, within the space of fourteen days after the commission of the offence.

27th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all officers civil and military shall be and are hereby empowered and required to enter into any plantation, settlement, or other place, to disperse all such unlawful assemblies, and to suppress and prevent all unlawful drummings, or other noise as before mentioned, any law custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding, according to the nature, degree, or circumstances of the case.

28th. And whereas it has been found by experience that rebellions have been often concerted at negro dances and nightly meetings of slaves, and as it has been found also that those meetings tend much to injure the health of negroes; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any overseer, or in his absence any book-keeper, or other white person having the care and management of any plantation or settlement, shall suffer any slaves to assemble together, or beat their drums, or blow their horns or shells, every such overseer, book-keeper, or other white person so offending, shall for every such offence, upon conviction thereof upon an indictment in the supreme court of judicature, or before the justices of assize, suffer imprisonment, without bail or mainprize, for any term not exceeding six calendar months; provided information is made upon oath as aforesaid, before one of His Majesty's justices of the peace, within fourteen days after the commission of such offence; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any master, owner, or proprietor of any plantation or settlement, or the overseer thereof, from granting liberty to the slaves of such plantation or fetttlement only for assembling together upon such plantation or settlement, and playing and diverting themselves in any innocent amusements, so as they do not make use of military drums, horns, or shells; but that they (halt and may grant such liberty when and as often as they please, any thing in this or any other act to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that such amusements are put an end to by ten of the clock at night.

49th. And in order to prevent riots and nightly meetings among negro and other slaves, to the disturbance of the public peace, and endangering their health; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all negro burials shall in future take place in the day-time only, so that the fame may be ended before sunset; and if any master, owner, or possessor of slaves, his or her overseer or chief manager, shall knowingly suffer or permit the burial of any slave otherwise than as before directed, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any burials shall take place many of the towns of this Island, or in savannas, commons, or other places not in charge of an overseer, after sunset, every person of free condition, in whose house, yard, or premises any slaves shall be permitted to assemble for attending such burial, shall forfeit a sum not less than five pounds, nor exceeding fifty pounds; and the negro or other slaves who shall meet for the purpose of attending such burial, or be found thereat, shall, upon conviction before two or more magistrates, suffer such punishment as the said magistrates shall direct, not exceeding thirty-nine lathes.

30th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Indian, free negro, or mulatto, shall hereafter suffer any unlawful assembly of slaves at his or her house or settlement, every such Indian, free negro, or mulatto shall, upon due conviction

( 49 )

JAMAICA.

viction thereof, suffer imprisonment not exceeding six months: Provided nevertheless, that information thereof shall be given, on oath, within fourteen days of such unlawful meeting.

31ft. And whereas the permitting and suffering negro and other slaves to keep horses, mares, mules, or geldings, is attended with many and great mischiefs to the Island in general; in order therefore to remedy the fame, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencing of this Act, no matter, owner, proprietor, attorney, guardian, trustee, or other person in possession of any plantation, pen, or settlement, shall knowingly permit or suffer any slave or slaves to keep on such plantation, pen, or settlement, any horse, mare, mule, or gelding; and in case of so doing shall for every offence forfeit the sum of thirty pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner before any two justices of the peace for the parish or prednft where such offence is committed or permitted.

Owners, &c. of flares knowingly

Spermitting them to horses, to it 30l. for each offence.

32d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every matter, owner, proprietor, attorney, guardian, trustee, or other person, at the respective times of their giving in account of their slaves and stock to the justices and vestry, shall also make oath that none of the said horses, mares, mules, or geldings so given in, do belong to any negro or other Have; and that such person so giving in, or his, her, or their employer or employers, hath not nor have in his, her, or their possession, to his, her, or their knowledge or belief, any horse, mare, mule, or gelding, belonging to or reputed to belong to any Have or slaves; in case any person or persons shall neglect or refuse so to do, every person so neglecting or refilling shall for every offence forfeit the sum of thirty pounds, to be recovered in the fame summary manner, and to be disposed of as herein after mentioned: And if any person or persons hereafter shall discover any horse, mare, mule, or gelding, belonging to any negro or other slave, he shall forthwith take and fend the same to the nearest pound of the parish where such horse, mare, mule, or gelding shall be found; and the keeper of the pound aforesaid shall and he is hereby obliged to receive the same, under the penalty of ten pounds for each and every horse, mare, mule, or gelding so refused, unless the same shall be disordered, so as to endanger the cattle or other stock already in the pound, in which case only it shall and may be lawful for such pound-keeper to refuse such disordered horse, mare, mule, or gelding; and upon reception into the pound of any horse, mare, mule, or gelding, the property or supposed property of any negro or other slave, the pound-keeper aforesaid shall for four successive weeks advertise the fame in the Gazette or Chronicle of the county where such pound is situate, under the head of negro stock, and describing the height, colour, and marks in the most particular manner; and in one week after the expiration of the said four weeks advertisement shall put up and sell the same at the usual place of public sales in the said parish, and after deduction of the usual charges of the pound, in which no mile-money shall form a part, shall pay one moiety of the net proceeds to the person who brought in such horse, mare, mule, or gelding, and the other moiety to the churchwardens of the parish, for the benefit of the poor of the said parish.

When stock given in, oath to be made that none of the horses, &c. belong to any flare, under penalty of 30I for neglect or refusal.

Any person difeo-vering horses, &c. belonging to flares, must lend them to the pouud.

How they are to be disposed of.

33d. And in order that further encouragement may be given to the increase and Female Have# who protection of negro infants, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Jj3" cl",dren every female slave who shall have fix children living shall be exempted from all fro^haTd^bour* hard labour in the field or otherwise, and the owner or possessor of every such and their owners female slave shall be exempted from all manner of taxes for such female slave, from taxes for them) any thing in the act commonly called The Poll Tax Law, or any other of the tax laws of this Island passed or annually to be paised, to the contrary notwithstanding; and a deduction shall be made for all such female slaves from the taxes of such owner or possessor, by certificate of the justices and vestry: Provided nevertheless, proof being given that proof be given on oath, to the satisfaction of the said justices and vestry, not moty^rnand

only that the requisite number of children, together with the mother, are living, c ren#re T,ng’ but also that the mother is exempted from all manner of field or other labour, and is provided with the means of an easy and comfortable maintenance.

(i8.)

N

34th And

( 5 )

JAMAICA. 34th. And whereas it is absolutely necessary that the flafres in this Uland should be kept in due obedience to their owners, and in due subordination to the white

people in general, and as much as in the power of the legislature all means and opportunities of slaves being concerned in rebellious conspiracies, and committing other crimes, to the ruin and destruction of the white people and others in this Island, prevented, and that proper punishments should be appointed for all crimes Slaves concerned in to be by them committed; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That rebellion, or com- if any slave or slaves shall after the commencement of this Act enter into or be tofuff^de^h^rMf- C(Mlcerne^ *n any rebellion or rebellious conspiracy, or commit any murder, felony, portation. See, " burglary, robbery, or set fire to any houses, out-houses, negro-houses, cane-pieces, grass or corn-pieces, or break into such houses, out-houses, or negro-houses, in the day-time, no person being therein, and (leal thereout, or compass or imagine the death of any white person, and declare the fame by some overt ad, or commit any other crime which would subject white persons, or persons of free conditions, to be indicted for felony, such slave or slaves shall for every such offence or offences, upon trial and conviction thereof in manner herein after mentioned, suffer death, transportation, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper to direct, according to the nature and extent of the offence.

35th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave shall assault or offer any violence, by striking or otherwise, to or towards any white person or persons of free condition, such slave, upon due and proper proof, shall upon conviction be punished with death, transportation, or confinement to hard labour for life or a limited time, or such other punishment, according to the nature of the offence, as the court shall in their discretion think proper to inflid; provided such assault or violence be not by command of his, her, or their owners, overseers, or persons intrusted over them, or in the lawful defence of their owners’ persons or goods.

36th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave or slaves shall hereafter be found to have in his, her, or their custody or possession any fire-arms, pikes, sabres, swords, cutlasses, lances, gunpowder. Hugs or ball, without the knowledge of his, her, or their owner, proprietor, or possessor, or his, her, or their overseer, such slave or slaves shall be taken before two magistrates, who shall, if they are of opinion that the fame was with evil intent, commit such slave or slaves to the gaol, to be tried by a Have-court as herein after directed j and upon conviction the said slave or slaves shall suffer death, transportation, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper to direct.

Slaves pretending to 37th. And in order to prevent the many mischiefs that may hereafter arise from warbefentenwd'to w*eked art of negroes going under the appellation of obeah men and women, and pretending to have communication with the devil and other evil spirirs, whereby the weak and superstitious are deluded into a belief of their having full power to exempt them, whilst under their protection, from many evils that might otherwise happen; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this Act, any slave who shall pretend to any supernatural power in order to promote the purposes of rebellion, or shall use or pretend to use any such practices, with intent or so as to affect or endanger the life or health of any other slave, shall upon conviction thereof suffer death or transportation; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

38th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or other slave or slaves shall mix or prepare, with an intent to give or cause to be given any poison, or poisonous or noxious drug, pounded glass, or other deleterious matter in the practice of obeah or otherwise, although death may not ensue on the taking thereof, the said slave or slaves, together with their accessaries as well before as after the fad (being slaves), being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer death; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

39th. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be found in the possession of any slave any poisonous drugs, pounded glass, parrots beaks, dogs teeth, alligators teeth, or other materials notoriously used in the practice of obeah or witchcraft, and

in

death,

Slaves preparing % or giving poison, though death does not ensue, are to suffer death.

Punishment on slaves having any poisonous drugs, poandtfi glass, &c. in their possession.

If Oaves offer violence to white or free people, court to order punishment; unless sufficient reason (hown.

How Oaves possessing fire-arms are to be punished.

( 5* )

JAMAICA.

in state of evident preparation for carrying on such dangerous and nefarious practice, such slave upon conviction shall be liable to suffer transportadon from this Island, or such other punishment, not extending to life, as the court shall think proper to direct.

40th. And whereas it is necessary to prevent secret and unlawful meetings of Slate* found at any Saves, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every slave or for

(laves who shall be found at any meeting, formed either for the purpose of ad mi- hwfdo^Ssf&c. are niftering unlawful oahs, by drinking human blood mixed with rum, grave-dirt, or to be punished aa otherwise, or of learning the use of arms, or for any other unlawful or dangerous court A*11 purpose, such slave or slaves shall on conviction thereof suffer death or transportadon for life, as the court shall direct.

41ft. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person ware white or free or persons, either white or of free condition, shall be present at any such meeting, people present at and aiding and assisting in any of the unlawful purposes before mentioned, such *uch n» ting«. person or persons shall, on conviction thereof in the supreme court, or either of the courts of assize of this Island, be punished by death, transportadon off this Island for life, or fine or imprisonment, or both, at the discretion of the court before whom such person or persons shall be tried.

42d. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons having knowledge Person* having of such unlawful meetings as aforesaid shall not forthwith give information thereof of such

to a justice of the peace, such person or person shall, on conviction before the "f!'

supreme or either of the courts of assize of this Island, suffer such punishment by formation thereof, fine or imprisonment, or both, and by public whipping, as the court before which to be punished at such person or persons shall have been so convicted shall direct. discreuon of court.

43d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or Slaves dealing other slave shall after the commencement of this Act steal any horned cattle, horned cattle, (heap, sheep, goat, hog, horse, mare, mule, or afs, or shall kill any such horned cattle, sheep, goat, hog, horse, mare, mule, or afs, with intent to steal the whole carcase ^th. of any such horned cattle, sheep, goat, hog, horse, mare, mule, or afs, or any part of the flesh thereof, such negro or other slave shall on conviction thereof suffer death, transportadon, or such other punishment as the court shall in its discretion in Aid.

44th. And whereas great numbers of horned cattle, sheep, goats, hogs, horses, mares, mules, and asses, are frequently stolen and killed by negro and other slaves in so secret and private a manner that it is with the greatest difficulty they can be found out and discovered in such manner as to convict them of such offence, although large quantities of beef, mutton, and the flesh of other valuable animals, are found upon him, her, or them; in order therefore to prevent such evils in future, and to punish the perpetrators of such acts agreeably to their crimes; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or other slave shall fraudulently have in his. If slave* have in her, or their custody or possession, unknown to his or her master, owner, overseer, the,r P°fl«fl*o« or other person who shall have the overlooking or employing of such slave, any ^Unaccounted fresh beef, veal, mutton, pork, or goat, or the flesh of horse, mare, mule, or afs, in for, they ate to be any quantity not exceeding twenty pounds weight, without giving a satisfactory ac- whipped, notes, count in what manner he or she became possessed thereof, such negro or other slave, upon due conviction thereof before any two magistrates, shall be whipped in such twenty pounds, manner as such magistrates shall direct, not exceeding thirty-nine lames; and if justices to assign there shall be found in his, her, or their custody or possession a larger or greater p2"j2un*Bi1101 quantity than twenty pounds weight of fresh beef, veal, mutton, pork, or goat, or &ng ‘ the flesh of horse, mare, mule, or afs, and such slave shall not give a satisfactory account how he or she became possessed of such meat, then such negro or other slave upon conviction thereof shall suffer such punishment as the said two justices shall think proper to inflid or direct, not extending to life or imprisonment for life.

45th. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or other slave Punishment on shall wantonly and cruelly cut, chop, (hoot at, or otherwise maim and injure any P*ye? horned cattle, horse, gelding, mare, mule, or afs, such negro or other slave shall ate.

for every such offence be tried in a summary manner before two or more justices

( S2)

JAMAICA,

of the peace of the parish or precinfi where the offence shall be committed, and the said justice of the peace shall, on conviction of such slave or slaves, order and

direct such punishment to be inflicted as they shall think proper, not exceeding fifty ladies, to be inflicted at one or more different times, or two months hard labour in the workhouse; and in all cases where, from such treatment as above set forth, any horned cattle, horse, gelding, mare, mule, or afs shall be killed, or shall die within ten days after the offence committed, although the carcase or any part of the flesh thereof may not be stolen, such negro or other slave shall be tried at a Have-court, and on conviction thereof suffer death, transportation, or confinement to hard labour for life, or such other punishment as the court shall think proper.

also on those wan- 46th. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave or slaves

tonly cutting and shall, by wantonly and cruelly cutting, chopping, striking, or by any other manner

chopping any other or way whatsoever mutilate, disfigure, dismember, or injure any slave or slaves, so aTe‘ as to endanger life, although death' shall not ensue, or that such slave or slaves shall become a cripple, or lose any of his or her limbs, or be deprived of the use thereof, all and every or any such slave or slaves so offending shall for every or any such offence be tried at a slave-court, and upon conviction shall for the first offence suffer such punishment, not extending to life, as the court shall think proper to direct, according to the circumstances of the case; and for a second offence,

upon conviction, shall suffer death or transportation lor life, as the court shall direct.

PupUhment on fl^ves clearing their grounds by fire.

Oterfeers, &c. having knowledge that any fire has been made for such purpose, and not doing their utmost to extinguish it, to be fined at discretion of two justices.

47th. And whereas the practice of negroes to clear their grounds by fire is highly dangerous to the neighbouring properties, and frequent instances of alarm and injury occur for want of some restraint in that respect; for prevention of so great an evil be it further enacted, That if any injury shall arise to the owner, proprietor, or possessor of one property, by a slave or slaves on the adjoining property clearing ground by fire, the slave or slaves who shall so clear ground by fire, by which injury shall result to the adjoining property, shall be proceeded against, tried, and punished, if found guilty, as and for a misdemeanour; and if the overseer or other person then actually having charge of the property on which such fire shall originate ffiali hatve knowledge that any negro under his charge has made any such fire for clearing his or her ground, and shall not forthwith use his bed endeavours to cause the same to be extinguished, and such fire shall cause injury to the neighbouring property, such overseer or other person shall suffer such fine as any two justices of the peace of the parish wherein such injury shall happen shall award, not exceeding ten pounds for one and the fame offence; the complaint whereon shall be heard, determined, and the penalty, when imposed, shall be enforced in a summary manner before any two justices of the peace.

Slaves absent five 48th. And whereas it is very dangerous to the peace and safety of this Island to days, or found eight suffer slaves to continue out as runaways, and it is absolutely necessary to declare without°ticketse to anc^ ma^e known to the public what slaves shall be deemed such; be it enacted by be deemed run- the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this Act, any

aways. slave or slaves who shall be absent from his owner or employer without leave for tbit

space of five days, or who shall be found at the distance of eight miles from the houfr, plantation, or other settlement to which such slave or slaves shall belong, without a ticket or other permit to pass, except, as herein-before excepted, in going to and returning from market, shall be deemed a runaway.

Slaves who have

49th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave who been here two years, shall have been in this Kland for the space of two years, and shall run away from ^fi^alonths11^ or ber owner or lawful possessor, and continue absent for a term exceeding fix be punished as’ the months, such slave being couvided thereof shall be sentenced to be confined to court shall direct. hard labour for such time as the court shall determine, or be transported for life, according to the magnitude of the offence.

PtioUhment on those

50th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave shall

who continue absent run away from his or her lawful owner or possessor as aforesaid, and continue absent foralhorter period, for any term not exceeding six months, such flare shall be liable to be tried before two justices, and upon conviction thereof shall suffer such punishment, by flogging

JAMAICA.

( 53 )

or confinement to hard labour, not exceeding three months, as the said two justices shall think proper to direct.

51ft. And be it furtheKenacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave or slaves who shall knowingly harbour or conceal any runaway slave or slaves shall be liable to be tried for the fame at the Have-court herein after appointed, and on conviction shall suffer such punishment as the court shall think proper to direct, not extending to life.

52d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave or other person or persons whatsoever, who shall apprehend any runaway slave or slaves, shall for every one so apprehended be entitled to receive from the owner, employer, overseer, or manager of such slave or slaves, the sum of ten shillings and no more, besides mile-money at the rate of one shilling per mile for the first five miles, and sixpence per mile for every mile afterwards: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to an allowance of the said sum of ten shillings and mile-money, in addition to the sum allowed to maroon negroes for apprehending runaways; and provided also, that it is not hereby intended to deprive the said maroons of their legal and established reward of forty shillings for each negro.

53d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons so apprehending such runaway slave or slaves shall convey him, her, or them to their respective owner, employer, or manager, or to the workhouse of the parish in which they may be apprehended, if any workhouse is established there, and in case of there being no workhouse, to the next gaol; and the gaol or workhouse-keeper is hereby required and ordered to receive such slave or slaves into his or their custody, and to pay the party delivering such slave or slaves the said sum of ten shillings and mile-money as aforesaid, and no more, for each slave so delivered, under the penalty of five pounds.

54th. And to the end that the owners and proprietors of runaway slaves may have a due knowledge where such slaves are confined, after their being apprehended and sent to any workhouse or gaol in this Island, in order that such owners or proprietors may apply for such slaves j be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this Act all and every the keepers of the workhouses or gaol-keepers in any of the parishes of this Island shall and they are hereby obliged once in every week to advertise in the Gazette of Saint Jago de la Vega, the Royal Gazette, and the Cornwall Chronicle, the height, names, marks, and sex, and also the country, where the fame can be ascertained, of each sm^ every runaway slave then in their custody, together with the time of their being sent into custody, and the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, if known, and that upon oath, under the penalty of ten pounds for every slave so neglected by him to be advertised j and for the expence of such advertisement they the said workhouse-keepers or gaol-keepers shall and may and they are hereby authorized to charge the owner or proprietor of such runaway slaves so advertised at and after the rate of three shillings and four-pence per month for each paper, and no more; which said sum of three shillings and four-pence per month for each paper to be paid to the printers of the several papers respectively, the amount of whole accounts, after being properly authenticated upon oath, shall be paid annually by the treasurers for the time being of the several workhouses in this Island; and that it shall and may be lawful for the keeper of the workhouse or gaol-keeper to detain and keep in his or their custody such runaway slave or slaves so brought unto him or them until the owner or owners thereof, or some person in their behalf properly authorized, shall pay unto him or them what he or they so paid to the person or persons who apprehended and brought such slave or slaves into custody, with two shillings and sixpence in the pound for laying out his or their money, the cost of advertising at and after the rate above mentioned, and sixpence for every twenty-four hours such flare or slaves shall have been in custody for maintenance; and two-pence per day for medical care and extraordinary nourishment necessary, the expence of clothing where supplied, and also the charges of advertising above 'directed, and no other fees whatever; and that the gaoler, workhouse-keeper, or (18.) O supervisor.

Slaves harbouring runaways to be adjudged by a slave-court.

Owners, ike. to pay los. and mile-money for each runaway taken up.

[Proviso.]

This Act not to aker rewards to maroons.

Runaways to be conveyed to owners, or to a workhouse pr neared gaol.

Workhouse or gaol* keeper to pay reward and mile-money under penalty.

Workhouse or gaol-keeper to advertise weekly in each county all runaways in their possession, with full descriptions of them, under penalty of 10l.

Charging 3 s. 4d. for each paper per month, which owners are to reimburse.

Printers accounts to be paid annually by treasurers.

Slaves may be detained till adverting i$ paid for, as well as the reward, with 12$ per cent.

6d. per day for maintenance, 2d. per day for medical care where necessary, which charges mu ft be attested.

JAMAICA.

Prorifo.

Slavet in confinement to have fofficiant pnmfion*, under penalty of 10l.

Rations for them.

Public notice to be given by supervison &c. of replevins, &c. brought against them for slaves in the workhouse.

If any person give notice to supervison, Ac. of an intention to defend such actions, supervison must detain in custody the slaves in dispute under penalty.

Runaways to be committed to work-houset only.

Slaves attempting to depart this Island, or assisting others in such attempts, may be Sentenced to death.

( 54 )

supervisor, and no other person, shall attest upon oath that the charges in the* account for mile-money, and the reward for apprehending such slave, Were actually paid to the person who brought such runaway, and that the whole of the charges in the said account are ftriSly conformable to law Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that the owner or owners of any Dave to be committed by the judgment of any Have-court, or by order of magift.rates to any workhouse by way of punishment, shall not be answerable for or compelled to pay the workhouse fees for the time such slave shall be so committed and confined.

55th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the keeper of every workhouse or gaol in this Island shall, under the penalty of ten pounds for every neglect, provide and give to every slave confined in such workhouse or gaol a sufficient quantity of good and wholesome provisions daily; that is to say, not less than one quart of unground Guinea or Indian corn, or three pints of the Hour or meal of either, or three pints of wheat flour, or eight full-grown plantains, or eight pounds of cocoas or yams, and also one herring or shad, or other salted provisions equal thereto, and shall also, under the like penalty,' provide and supply every such slave confined as aforesaid with good and sufficient clothing where necessary.

56th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this Act every supervisor, intendant, or keeper of any public workhouse in this Island, who shall have any aSion in replevin, bomine re~ plegiando, or ejeSment, brought against him for any negro or other slave or slaves m his custody, shall, under a penalty for every offence not less than five pounds, nor exceeding fifty pounds, as shall be inflicted by the judges of His Majesty's supreme court of judicature, or courts of assize in this Island, immediately after he receives such replevin, bomine replegiando, or ejeSment, give notice to the several county newspapers of such aSion, and at whose suit it is brought, and the name or names of such negro or other slave or slaves, together with his, her, or their mark or marks, and the best information he can get concerning the real owner of such slave or slaves, and shall continue such notice for four weeks before the trial shall be had upon such replevin, bomine , or ejeSment, or such Have

or slaves be taken out of the custody of such supervisor, intendant, or workhouse-keeper, by the person who shall recover such slave or slaves: And if any person or persons shall give notice to such supervisor, intendant, or keeper of any workhouse, of his, her, or their intention to take the defence of any a Sion so brought, such supervisor, intendant, or keeper of a workhouse, shall detain in his custody the slave or slaves for or by whom such aSion shall be brought, until the trial of such aSion or order of the court thereon, under the penalty of one hundred pound*, nn-less the security offered in cases of bomine replegiando shall justify before a judge of the grand court or courts of assize, in such sum as such judge shall think proper; notice of such justification, and the time and place thereof, and the judge before whom the fame is to be taken, being given to the person intending to take the defence of such aSion.

57th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no runaway slave shall on any account be committed to gaol by any magistrate of a parish where there is any workhouse established, but to such workhouse only.

58th. And whereas several slaves have found means to desert from their owners, and depart from this Island, to the great damage of such owners in evil example tp other slaves who may be thereby induced or attempt to conspire to do the fame: And whereas there is reason to suspeS that such slaves have been aided and assisted in such escape and departure by other persons, and there is not any adequate punishment provided by law for such desertion or departure, or attempting or conspiring to desert and depart this Island, or for persons aiding, assisting, or abetting such deserters; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the commencement of this Act, if any slave shall run away from his, her, or their owner or owners, employer or employers, and go off or conspire or attempt to go off this Island in any ship, boat, canoe, or other vessel or craft whatsoever, or be aiding, abetting, or assisting to any other slave or slave* in such

( 55 )

JAMAICA.

going off this til and, he, she, or they so running away and going off, or confjnring or attempting txu go off, or so aiding, assisting, or abetting in such going off, being thereof convicted, shall suffer death, or such other pumfhmeni as the court shall think proper to direct.

5^th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Indian, Free people of free negro, or mulatto, shall from and after the commencement of this knowingly be aiding, assisting or abetting any slave or slaves in going off this Island,

and shall be convicted thereof, either in the supreme court, or in either of the and dmb if courts of assize of this Island, such Indian, free negro, or mulatto, shall be forth- they "two. with transported off this Island by the provost-marshal or his lawful deputy, into whose custody such person or persons shall be committed; and if such person or persons so convicted, sentenced, and transported, shall be afterwards found At large in this Island, he, she, or they, on proof of his or their identity before the said supreme court or courts of assize as aforesaid, shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

60th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any white white people do person or persons shall knowingly be aiding, assisting, or abetting any slave or slaves for^"* 3091 in going off this Island, he, she, or they, being convicted thereof by bill, plaint or

information, in the supreme court of judicature, or either of the courts of assize of this Island, shall forfeit the sum of three hundred pounds for each slave, one moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island, and the contingent charges thereof, and the other moiety to the party or parties at whose suit or complaint such person was convicted; and shall also suffer imprisonment, at the dif- and maybe im- ' cretion of the said court, for any space of time not exceeding twelve months, prisoned a year, without bail or mainprize.

61st. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Accessaries may be may be lawful to proceed against the person or persons so aiding, assisting or proceeded against, abetting any slave or slaves in going off this Island, whether the principal or prin- though principal* cipals be convicted or not; any thing in this or in any other act, law, custom or usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

62d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no negro or If slave*, not autho. other flare shall be allowed to travel the public roads with dogs, or cutlasses, or rized» ttavel with other offensive weapons, without a ticket from his owner, or to hunt any cattle, ^niments of horses, mares, mules or asses, in any part of this Island, with lances, guns, cut- death,' pSment laffes, or other instruments of death, unless in the company of his or their master, may be awarded by overseer, or some other white person by him or them deputed,*or by permission in two justices. writing; and if any negro, or other slave, shall offend, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, he, she, or they, being thereof convicted before two justices, shall suffer such punishment as they shall think proper to inflict, not extending to life or transportadon for life.

63d. And whereas it is necessary to declare, how and in what manner slaves Or complaint of shall be tried for the several crimes which they may hereafter commit; be it felonies, burglaries enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after this Act shall commence and be in force, upon complaint made to any justice of the peace of any murder, felony, burglary, robbery, burning or destroying of houses, out-houses, negro- 5

houses, or cane, grass or corn-pieces, or breaking into such houses, out-houses, or negro-houses, in the day-time, no person being therein, and Healing the reout; rebellious conspirades; compassing or imagining the death of any white person or persons, or any other offence whatsoever committed by any slave or slaves, that shall subject such slave or slaves to suffer death, transportation or confinement to hard labour, such justice shall issue out his warrant for apprehending such offender or offenders, and for all persons that can give evidence, to be brought before him, or any other justices of the peace; and the evidence of slaves against one another, in this and all other cases, shall be received; and if, upon Skye* to beevidence examination, it appears probable that the slave or slaves apprehended is or *g*in«eac,lother* are guilty, the justice before whom such examination shall be had and taken 1 shall

( S« )

to forfeit 5l.

Nine person* to compose a jury.

If flares convicted, justices mar gire sentence of death, transportation, &c.

JAMAICA.

shall commit him, her, or them to prison, and bind over the witnesses to appear at a certain day, not less than ten days from the day on which the complaint shall be

made, and at the place where the quarter-sessions are usually held, and where there are no quarter-sessions held, at the place where the parochial business is Justice*tocmllintwo usually transacted, and shall certify to two other justices of the peace the cause of m^attCTd'oreach commitment, and require them by virtue of this Act to' associate themselves forfeit ad.)and they to him, which the said justices are hereby severally required to do, under the pe-areto foramen a jury rialty of twenty pounds for every neglect or refusal; and the said justices so associated frotnwhichperticu- shall issue out their warrant, directed to the deputy marshal of such parish or pre-cep te^0"* *" c'm&> to summon eighteen persons, such as are usually warned and impajWlelted to serve on juries (the master, owner, or proprietor of the slave or slaves so complained of, or the attorney, guardian, trustee, overseer, or book-keeper,always excepted,) personally to be and appear before the said justices, oranythreepr more of the justices of the peace of the said parish associated for the famepu^pdte, at the day and place aforesaid to be expressed in such warrant, andberaeq tfce hours of eight and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, when and where the said persons lb warned by the deputy marshal as aforesaid are hereby severally required Juron not attending to atCnd, under the penalty of five pounds on each defaulter, and when and where " the said justices shall cause the said slave or slaves so complained of to be brought

before them, and thereupon nine of the said persons so summoned as afofe&d shall compose ajury to try the said slave or slaves, and shall by the saidjofttoes (the charge or accusation being first read) be sworn to try the matter before them, and to give a true verdict, according to evidence; and such charge or accnfadon shall be deemed valid, if sufficient in substance; and if the said jurors shall, upon hearing the evidence, unanimously find the said slave or slaves guilty of the offence wherewith he. Hie, or they stand charged, the said justices shall give fefitence of death without benefit of clergy, or transportation, or confinement to hard labour for life or a limited time, according to the nature of the offence, and shall cause such sentence to be carried into execution at such time and place as they shall think proper, women with child only excepted, whose execution shall be respited until a reasonable time after delivery: Provided always, that nothing in this Act con-r- 7 tained shall hinder or prevent the said justices, upon any such trial where any slave or slaves shall be condemned to die, from respiting the execution of such sentence for any term not exceeding thirty days, or until the pleasure of the governor, or the person executing the functions of governor, Hiall be known, in case proper cause shall appear to them for so doing; and that if the jury, upon any such trial, shall apply to the said justices to suspend the execution of any sentence until the pleasure of the governor, or the person executing the functions of governor, is known, the said justices shall be obliged to suspend the fame for thirty days, and to report the particulars of the trial to the governor, or the person executing the functions of governor, forthwith, under the penalty of fifty pounds except in case* of on each justice who fat on such trial, except in cases of trial of any slave or slaves rebellion, when they convicted of acftual rebellion, or for rebellious conspiracy; in all which cases the eM£ution.imn) kid justices shall, if they think it expedient, order the sentence passed on such slave When business of or slaves to be carried into immediate execution: And it is hereby declared, that qoaiter-feffioD* at every court of quarter-session held in each and every parish or precinct within entfedJufhce* to island, the justices there assembled shall and may may, after the usual business onn vesin o tjje said court shall be done, form themselves into a court for the purpose of inquiring into, hearing, and determining all manner of offences fog which any slave or slaves are liable to be punished with death, or transportation or confinement to hard labour as aforesaid, and shall open the said court by procIaQMMRQO, declaring the same to be a Have-court for such purpose, and (half thereupon, tin the like charge in writing, and in like manner in all other respects as the three justices associated and met as herein-before mentioned are by this Act directed to proceed in trial of slaves for such offences, proceed to try, and deliver the gaol or workhouse within the said parish or precinct of all and every the slave or slaves who are- or may then be in the custody of the marshal or keeper of the workhouse within each and every parish or precinct as aforesaid, and.(half forthwith call a jury, confiding of nine jurors, to be called and taken from the pannel returned

Justices may suspend execution

days, if they fee cause;

and mast do it on application of the

JVT*

a Have-court;

for the purpose of gaol delivery.

JAMAICA.

:( s7 )

to (be said court of quarter-foflion, and shall cause them to be federally (worn as they shall appear to try all and every inch slave or slaves as shall be brought before them, charged with any such offences ns aforesaid, and a true verdict give according to evidence, as in other cases: Provided always, that no less than three justices shall constitute a court for the trial of any slave or slaves for any; crime or offence that shall subject such slave or slaves to suffer death, transportation, or confinement to hard labour for life as aforesaid: And provided always, that in any case upon an indictment against any slave or slaves for murder, where malice prepense shall not be proved to the satisfaction of the jurors, such jurors shall be and they are hereby declared to be at liberty to return a verdict of manslaughter, if they shall think the nature of the case shall require it; and the person or persons so found guilty of manslaughter shall suffer such punishment as the court shall think (it to inflid, not extending to life or transportation for life.

64th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the jurors who have been returned to serve as jurors at the quarter-sessions to be holden as aforesaid, are hereby required, under the penalty of five pounds, to be and appear at the said slave-court, so to be formed and holden as aforesaid, and to serve as jurors thereon as they shall respectively be called; and that upon all trials of slaves under this Act, no peremptory challenges of any of the said jurors, or any exception to the form of the indictment, shall be allowed.

65th. And be it further enacted, That all witnesses of free condition legally Penalty of 10l. on warned, and who do not attend to give evidence at any trial under this Act, or (how by affidavit a sufficient cause for his or her absence, shall be liable to a fine neglecting uTdo (o. of ten pounds.

66th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all jurors Jnrors,vritneffe*, serving at slave-courts, and every person or persons whose presence may be re- &c- under thi* aft, quisite at the examination of any slave or slaves, and who shall be required by . in th,r

warrant or fumtnons under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace, and all " and every slave or slaves who shall be brought as witnesses, shall be protected in their persons from all mesne or judicial proceis whatsoever in their going to, attending at, and returning from such examinations or trial, and that such slave and slaves from shall not be subject to be levied on. cvied on*

67th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a record shall Records to be kept be entered up of all proceedings on the trial of slaves for any crime that shall by clerk of the peace, subject any slave or slaves to suffer death, transportation, or confinement to hard labour, in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk of the peace, or his preceding* in thirty lawful deputy of the parish or precind, who is hereby obliged to attend all such days, under penalty trials, and to record the proceedings within thirty days after such trial, under the of ao1* penalty of twenty pounds for each neglect; and he shall be entitled to receive from the churchwardens of such parish the Turn of five pounds and no more for attending such trial, entering up the record, and all other business incidental thereto; and further, that the deputy mirfhal for the said parish, or some proper Deputymarshals person acting under him, shall, under the penalty of fifty pounds, warn the m"11 wa jup°r«» jurors and attend the trials of all slaves, and also attend at the execution of such t^l^ifnder penalty offenders as shall be condemned to die; and that he shall be entitled to receive of 50l. from the churchwardens of the said parish the sum of five pounds for warning jurors and attending the trials of slaves at all (pedal slave-courts to be held under this Act, and the further sum of five pounds for attending the execution of such offenders as shall be condemned to die.

68th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any slave or slaves shall, with evil intent, give (also evidence in any trial had under this act, such slave or slaves, being thereof convicted, shall suffer the faine punishment as the person or persons on whoso ,trial such false evidence was given would, if convicted, have been liabk (6 AiflSefc.

(59th. And be it further enacted fey the authority aforesaid, That in future, Ifflave*, agiinft whenever a warrant shall bit granted by one or more of tiis Majesty's justices of

C1®') P ^e by owners. See. they

forfeit tool.

Punishment on flam for giving false evidence.

Not less than three justices to constitute a court for trial of flares incertaincafe?. Where slaves are in-di&ed for murder, If maUde prepense Ido rtot appear, verdict of manflafaghterHiay be returned

S urors summoned for quarter sessions must serve in slave-courts, under penalty of 5l.

JAMAICA.

Six days notice of trial to be given to owners, &c. of slaves.

How such notices are to be served where owners reside in a different parish to that in which their slaves may have committed offences, and are to be tried.

Execution mu ft be public and solemn.

Slaves sentenced to be executed or transported to be valued by the court.

Provost marshal must execute orders of slave«court8 as soon as possible, under penalty of aocL

( 58 )

the peace against any slave, if the said slave cannot be immediately taken on the said warrant, the owner, possessor, attorney, guardian, or overseer of such slave shall be served with a copy of the said warrant; and if he, she, or they do not carry the said slave before a magistrate to be dealt with according to law on the said warrant, and if it should be afterwards proved that the owner, possessor, attorney, guardian, or overseer of such slave wilfully detained or concealed the said slave, he, she, or they shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

70th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all trials of any slave or slaves under this Act six days notice of such trial shall be first given to the owner, proprietor, or possessor of such slave or slaves, his, her, or their lawful attorney or attornies, or other representative or representatives; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

71st. And whereas it may sometimes happen that the owner, proprietor, or possessor of a slave may reflde in a different parish or precinct from that wherein such slave may have committed the offence for which he or she is to be tried; be it therefore enacted, That in such cases the clerk of the peace of the parish or precinct wherein the offence is to be tried shall transmit the notice of such trial to the clerk of the peace of the parish or precinct wherein the owner, proprietor, or possessor as aforesaid may relide, who shall forthwith thereupon, under the penalty of twenty pounds, deliver such notice and a copy thereof to one of the lawful constables of the said parish, to be by him, under the penalty of ten pounds, served on such owner, proprietor, or possessor; and the said constable is hereby required to make an affidavit of the manner in which he may have served the said notice, to be sworn to before any justice of the peace, and shall return such notice, so sworn to, to the clerk of the peace from whom he received the fame, to be by him transmitted to the clerk of the peace of the parish or precinct where the offence is to be tried in due time$ for which duty the clerk of the peace of the parish where the warrant shall be served shall be paid the sum of one pound fix millings and eight-pence, and the constable the sum of one pound six shillings and eight-pence, by the acting churchwarden of the said parish.

72d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where the punishment of death is inflicted, the execution shall be performed in a public part of the parish, and with due solemnity and care; and care shall be taken by the gaoler or deputy marshal that the criminal is free from intoxication at the time of his trial, and from thence to and at the time of his execution, under the penalty of twenty pounds; and the mode of such execution shall be hanging by the neck and no other, and the body shall be afterwards disposed of as the court shall direct.

73d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any slave shall be put upon his, her, or their trial, and receive sentence of death, or transportation, or commitment to hard labour for life, the court, at the time of trying such slave or slaves, shall also inquire of the jury, upon their oaths, what sum or sums of money the owner, proprietor, or possessor of the said slave or slaves ought to receive for such slave or slaves, and certify the fame, so that such sum or sums of money do not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds for each slave so sentenced as aforesaid; and if the conviction be for running away, the value to be set by the jury shall not exceed fifty pounds.

74th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any slave or slaves shall be brought to trial, and sentenced to death or transportation, and valued according to the directions of this Act, the provost-marshal or his lawful deputy shall, under the penalty of two hundred pounds, carry such sentence into execution as soon after the passing thereof as an opportunity shall offer; and, in case of sentence to transportation, shall forthwith fell such slave or slaves for transportation to the best advantage in his power; and shall under the penalty of two hundred pounds, within the (pace of one month from the time of such sale, render to the owner, proprietor, or possessor of such

( 59 )

slave, or other person legally entitled to receive the same, a just and true account upon oath of the sale or Tales of such slave or slaves, and of the legal charges attending the fame, and pay over to such owner, proprietor, or possessor, or other person legally entitled to receive the same, the proceeds of such sale or Tales, after deducing all legal charges as aforesaid; and if it shall happen that the charges due to the provost-marshal or his legal deputy for confinement and subsistence of said slave or slaves, shall amount to or exceed the amount of the Tales, the same shall be sworn to by the said provost-marihal or his lawful deputy, on the back of the certificate of valuation; in which case the receiver-general shall pay the whole amount of such valuation.

75th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any slave or slaves shall be sentenced to death or confinement to hard labour for life, and be valued according to this Act, such slave or slaves shall be paid for by the receiver-general of this Island out of any monies in his hands, upon production of a legal certificate of such sentence and valuation, but not otherwise; and in all cases where any slave or slaves shall be sentenced to transportation, and valued in manner aforesaid, the receiver general shall in like manner, upon production of a like certificate, together with the account on oath herein-before directed to be made by the provost-marshal or his lawful deputy, but not otherwise, pay the amount of the valuation of such slave or slaves, after deducting the amount of such account.

76th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every slave who, under the authority and by virtue of this Act, shall be sold for transportation by the provost-marihal or his lawful deputy, shall, notwithstanding such sale, remain in the custody of the said provost-marshal until the purchaser of such slave shall have entered into bond with sufficient security to our Sovereign Lord the King, under the penalty of five hundred pounds for every such slave To purchased, that every such slave shall be transported off this Island within thirty days after the date of such bond, and shall in the mean time be kept in close confinement on board the ship or vessel in which such slave is intended to be transported; which bond shall be taken by the said provost-marshal or his lawful deputy as aforesaid (for which the said provost-marshal or his said deputy shall receive from the party entering into the fame all expenses incidental thereto), and be filed among the records in the office of the clerk of the peace of the parish or precin& wherein such sale shall be made.

77th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such purchaser of any slave so directed to be sold for transportation as aforesaid shall, at the rime of executing such bond as aforesaid, also make oath before the provost-marshal or his lawful deputy as aforesaid (either of whom is hereby authorized and required to administer the same) that every such slave so purchased by him shall be transported to (death or danger of the Teas excepted),

and that the said slave so purchased shall not with his knowledge, privity, or consent, be relanded in this Island.

78th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the provost-marshal or any of his deputies shall not, under the penalty of three hundred pounds for each offence, deliver over to any purchaser or purchasers any slave so fold for transportation as aforesaid, until such bond is entered into and oath taken as aforesaid; and in case any such slave so fold for transportation as aforesaid shall be found ftithin this Island after the expiration of the thirty days before limited for his or her transportation, such slave shall become forfeited to the Crown, and be refold for transportation by the provost-marihal or his lawful deputy, in the same manner and under the like penalties as are herein-before enacted, and the net proceeds of such refale shall be paid over to the receiver-general for the use of the public.

79th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every slave fold for transportation under and by virtue of this Act, who shall be found at large within this Island at any time after such sale as is herein-before directed, may and

JAMAICA.

Valuation of flares sentenced to death &c. under this act i to be paid by receiver-general.

Purchaser* of slaves sentenced to transportation to give bond in 500L penal* ty to transport them in thirty days.

Bond to be lodged; in clerk of peace’s office.

Purchasers to make oath that flare? stall be transported, and that they shall not: be relanded

No slave to be delivered until bond taken and oath made, under penalty.

Such slaves going a( large maybe appre^ hended by any person, and on due proof refold.

JAMAICA.

( &> )

shall be lawfully apprehended by any person whomsoever, and immediately taken before any of His Majesty's justices of the peace; and if it shall appear to thefeqa-faSion of such justice that such slave has been formerly fold for transportation by virtue of this Act, such justice shall by warrant under his hand and Teal three* such slave to be delivered to the provost-raarlhal or his lawful deputy to be refold for transportation only; and the monies arising from such sale, after dedttfring A commission of five pounds per centum, and all necessary expenses, shall be paid over, one moiety thereof to the person apprehending such slave, and the other moiety to the receiver-general for the time being, for the support of the government of this Island.

If flavrs return from 8oth. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ftegro transportation, they or other slave who shall have been transported from this Island under the direction ue to fufifer death. this or of any other Act heretofore in force respecting slaves, for murder, rebellion, or being engaged in a rebellious conspiracy, or obeah or arson, shall wilfully return from transportation, such negro or other slave shall upon cort-viction suffer death without benefit of clergy.

Masters of vessels bringing back transported flares to forfeit 300k for each, and suffer imprisonment at the discretion of the court.

81st. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the master of any ship or vessel shall knowingly and wilfully bring back to this Island any negro or other slave who shall have been transported from this Island under and by virtue of this Act, or any other Act heretofore in force respecting slaves, such master being convicted thereof by bill, plaint, or information in the supreme court of judicature, or either of the courts of assize of this Island, shall forfeit the sum of three hundred pounds for each slave so brought back; one moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of this Island, and the contingent charges thereof, and the other moiety to the party or parties at whole suit or complaint such person was convicted, and shall also suffer imprisonment, at the discretion of the court for any (pace of time not less than three nor exceeding twelve months, without bail or mainprize.

Slaves sentenced Bad. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro to confinement in or other slave, who may be sentenced to be confined in the workhouse for die WOTlthrfca two term tw0 years or a less time, shall escape from such confinement before the ex-maybeoriLered fifty phAtion of his sentence, such negro or other slave being retaken shall, on proof 7 of his or her identity before two justices of the peace, be adjudged by them to be sent back to confinement to complete the term for which he or she was sentenced to confinement, and to receive a whipping not exceeding fifty ladies.

83d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or other slave who may be sentenced to be confined to hard labour for life m any workhouse shall escape therefrom, every such negro or other slave being retaken shall, on proof of his or her identity before two magistrates, be adjudged by them either to be recommitted to his or her former punimment, or to be transported off this Island for life.

lathes, and recommitted:

and those sentenced for life escaping, may be transported.

If marshal, constable, &c. suffer them to escape, they forfeit sol.

ani

their

84th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the provost-marshal or any of his lawful deputies, or any lawful constable or workhoulie-ey torteit soi. keeper, shall willingly or negligently suffer any slave or slaves to escape, who shall id may be feed for be committed to his or their custody for any offence under this Act, such marshal, eir value constable, or workhouse-keeper, who shall suffer such escape, shall, on convifbon

thereof before two magistrates, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner by warrant under the hands and seals of the said two magistrates, for the use of the parish, and without injury to the rights of the owner to sue for the value of the same.

Fees of Oaves dif- 85th. And be it further enacted, That where any slave or slaves shall be dtf-d"1£ed bLprocJa' charged by proclamation, the deputy marshal or workhouse-keeper shall be entitled ZSZSr to receive al1 f"ch Fees 88 Ml due to Wm or them for such slave or

proof being given slaves, at the time of such discharge, from the public, upon application and due

that thtly were pro- proof made in the mod solemn manner to the Assembly, or any committee thereof, perfy maintained, such slave or flares, during the time they were in die custody of such deputy-marihal

( 6. )

Two justices may inquire into inferior crimes, giving no* dee to owners, Arc. of slaves, and order punishment*

marshal or workhouse-keeper, was and were found and provided with proper and JAMAICA, sufficient provisions, and necessary clothing, agreeable to this law. '

86th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no gaol-keeper Gaol-keepm not to in this Island, or any person ailing under him as clerk or deputy, shall on any ^tk^so^confine1 pretence whatsoever work or employ any slave or slaves feat to his custody upon uwkr^waty any plantation, pen, or settlement belonging to or in the possession of any such of 50l. gaol-keeper, nor hire or lend such slave or slaves out to work for any other person or persons, during the time such slave or slaves shall be in his custody, but that all such slaves shall be and remain in the common gaol of the county, parish, or precinct, in order to be inspected by any person or persons desiring the facae; and in case any gaol-keeper shall offend herein, he shall for every offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

87th. And whereas there are many inferior crimes and misdemeanors committed by slaves, which ought to be punished in a summary manner before two magistrates, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all misdemeanors and inferior crimes committed by any slave or slaves, not hereinbefore mentioned and directed in what manner they are to be tried, shall be tried in a summary manner before two or more justices of the peace of the parish or precinct where the offence shall be committed, reasonable notice of the time and place of such trial being given to the owner, proprietor, or possessor of such slave or slaves, or his, her, or their attorney or attornies, or the person or persons having the care of such slave or slaves; and the said justices of the peace shall, on copviction of such slave or slaves, order and direct such punishment to be inflicted as they shall think proper, not exceeding fifty lashes, or six months imprisonment to hard labour.

88th. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the peace, for attending such Clerks of peace to summary trial, and making out the order of the magistrates thereat, which he is *>*nd, hereby bound to do under the penalty of fifty pounds, shall be entitled to receive ^UhyofjoT for from the churchwardens of the parish the sum of one pound six shillings and eight- which they ue to pence $ and the constable for attending at the trial, and at the execution of the P"d *1* 8d.

order of the magistrates thereon, shall receive the sum of ten shillings.

89th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and m^y justices to enforce be lawful for the justices aforesaid, and they are hereby required, to do their several this A a as well and respective duties under this Act, when martial law shall happen to be ip force, during martial law as they might or ought to have done if martial law were not subsisting; any law, " al other t"nei* custom, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Recovery and appfr* cation of penalties not before dispoied of.

90th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties in this Act mentioned, and not already declared how they shall be recovered and applied, shall, if not exceeding fifty pounds, be recovered in a summary manner before any two of His Majesty's justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels; and if amounting to or exceeding fifty pounds, to be recovered in the supreme court of judicature, or in either of the courts of assize, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or non vult ulterius fro/equi, shall be entered; one moiety of which penalties shall be paid to the churchwardens, for the use of the parish where the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety to the informer, or him, her, or them who shall sue for the same; Provided always, that all proceedings for the recovery of penalties under this Act shall be instituted within twelve months after the offence be committed.

91ft. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes com- offerees committed mitted by slaves during the time the Act, intituled, "An Act for the protection, under former Act subsisting, clothing, and for the better order and government of Slaves, and for n'^’reftili Other purposes,*’ passed in the year One thousand eight hundred and seven, was in jj^force. force, shall be heard, tried and determined, and such slave punished in the manner directed by the said Act, and as if the fame were now in full force, and for which purpose only the said recited Act shall be considered as (till in force.

(18.) Q No. 1

Proceedings to be commenced within twelve month*.

( 6a )

No. 16.

JAMAICA.

An ACT to enable Persons of Colour, and Negroes of Free Condirion, to save deficiencies for their own Slaves, and for the Slaves of each other.

[4th December 1813.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is deemed expedient that persons of colour and negroes of free condition should be permitted to employ persons of the fame dafs and condition on their respective properties, and that such free persons so employed, as well as such free persons being proprietors, should be allowed to save deficiencies for their own body; and it is also expedient to repeal a certain clause of an Act herein after mentioned, relating to free persons: We, therefore. Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, That the fourth clause of* 53 Geo. 3. cap. 27. the twenty-seventh chapter of the fifty-third year of the reign of His present ckufe 4. repeated. Majesty be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Persons of colour or *d. And be further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding

negroes of free con- any thing contained to the contrary in a certain Act of this Island, passed on the diuon, allowed to eleventh day of December in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ^n^Hhelame twe^ve> intituled, "An Act to oblige the several inhabitants of this Island to keep a ‘condition *"* number of white persons serving in the militia, in proportion to the number of agreeably to the slaves they shall pofleis, or to pay certain sums of money in case they shall be

number of slaves deficient," it shall and may be lawful for every proprietor, being a person of colour

din*© the or ne8ro ^ree condition, or other person or persons of the fame free condition,

eandproportion holding, possessing, or employing, in any parish within this Island, any slaves, or

of the above ad,not- hiring any slaves by the year, to keep up, employ, and hire one or more person or withstanding any persons of the fame free clafsor condition, for the several numbers of slaves, and conuined* according to the scale and the several proportions set forth in the first clause of the said last above recited Act, which said free persons shall be males, actually doing duty in the militia, and shall live and reside on the plantation or plantations for which they shall respectively be given in, receiving wages or hire for their services on such plantations respectively, at not left than fifty pounds per annum.

They are to save 3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases

1f?c"jcie8 wherein by the said Act white persons and their respective defendants are

otters ITaUcafn a^owe^to save deficiencies for their own slaves, or for the slaves of any other white wherein white per- persons, it shall be lawful in like manner for persons of colour and negroes of free fons are allowed by condition to save deficiencies for themselves respectively, or for other persons of the above act to do coiour> or negroes of free condition, on whose properties they shall respectively be °* employed and hired as aforesaid.

In all other cases not 4th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all other

herein mentioned, cases, not particularly mentioned in this Act, all duties, obligations, and penalties, fbrms^muuds^mu- ^u^ie^s rebef, and all forms of giving in, and of affidavits relating to white taadi^ to be con- persons, shall in like manner, mutatis , be deemed and considered as

fidered applicable to applicable to persons of free condition as aforesaid, of which the commissioners of such persons. public accounts, the receiver general, all magistrates, clerks of vestries, and other persons, shall in like manner and under like penalties take due notice.

This act to be in 5th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall force until 31ft continue and be in force from the passing thereof until the thirty-first day of

December 1816. December in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and

no longer.

No. 17.

( «3 )

JAMAICA.

No. 17.

An ACT to repeal several Acts, and the clause of an Act of this Island, respecting Persons of Free Condition, and for granting to such Persons certain Privileges.

[4th December 1813.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to admit all people of free condition born in this Preamble, island, or manumised pursuant to the laws thereof, being baptized and instructed in the Christian religion, to give evidence in all cases, civil and criminal; and also to repeal the several Acts, and the clause of an Act of this Island herein after mentioned relating to such persons: May it please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, a certain Act made and passed in the twenty-firl! year of the reign of His late Majesty,

King George the Second, chapter seven, intituled " An Act for making free Negroes, »x Geo. 1. cap. 7.

Indians, and Mulattoes, evidence in all causes against one another, in all the courts of

this Island j*’ a certain other Act, made and passed in the second year of the reign of His present Majesty, chapter eight, intituled " An Act to prevent the inconveniences arif- Geo. 3. cap. 8.

ing from exorbitant Grants and Devises made by white Persons to Negroes and the Issue of Negroes, and to restrain and limit such Grants and Devisesa certain

other Act, made and passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, chapter twenty three, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Privileges 3*5 Geo. 3. cap. 23*

to Persons of Colour, and Negroes, being of free Condition and Christians and the first clause of a certain other Act, made and passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, chapter seventeen, intituled, "An Act to prevent and *5 Geo. 3.

the Captains, Commanders, or Mailers of Ships and all other Vessels whatsoever capjJ7'c*’,re"

from clandestinely carrying oft this Island negro or other slaves," shall be and p

Hand repealed, annulled, and made void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever;

any thing in the said Acts, or either of them, or in any Act or Acts contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

2d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every person and persons of free condition, born in this Island, or manumised pursuant to the laws thereof, and who have been baptized and instructed in the principles of the Christian religion, shall and lawfully may be admitted and received to give evidence on any trial or suit, of any nature or kind whatsoever, or on the hearing of any complaint instituted or exhibited in any of the courts of law or equity in this Island, or before any magistrate or coroner: Provided always, that no such person shall be competent to be admitted or received to give evidence under and by virtue of this Act, unless such person shall have been baptized six months at the least previous to the time of such person being produced to give evidence, and unless such person shall at such time produce a certificate of his or her baptism, and which certificate shall have been produced to, and the production thereof attested by, the custos or some magistrate, and one of the churchwardens of the parish wherein such person shall reside, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And provided also, that no negro or mulatto who shall be made free shall be admitted to give evidence by virtue of this law, unless he or she has been manumitted, or made free, for the space of twelve months previous to the commission of the offence or existence of the fact respecting which he or she shall be produced to give his or her evidence.

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons of free condition, in the several parishes of this Island, shall and they are hereby required to give in their respective names and places of abode in the several parishes wherein they respectively reside, to the mayor, aldermen, and

common

Persons of free condition bora in this iOand, or manumised pursuant to law, and baptized, permitted to give evidence in future in the courts of this island.

[Proviso.]

All persons of free condition, in the several parishes of this island, to give in their names and

JAMAICA.

places of abode, and certificates to be granted them*

Such certificates, or the record thereof, to be considered good proof of freedom.

Persons of free condition committing perjury to be punimed agreeably to the laws of Great Britain.

Penalty on clerk of he Tcftry mentioned in the third clanfe, to be recovered summarily.

Droggers plying round the island may be navigated by persons otfree condition, or slaves.

[Proviso.]

[Preamble.]

On representation of justices and vestry of any parish, governor empowered to

( )

common council, in the city and parish of Kingston, and in the other parishes, to the justices and vestry in open vestry, to be recorded in a book to be kept for that purpose; and shall then and there produce the certificate of his or her baptism, and also his or her manumission, or prove, to the satisfaction of the justices and vestry, his or her right to freedom; and in default of compliance with the requisition herein contained, each person so making default shall, during such non-compliance, forfeit all benefit and advantage he or tie would otherwise be entitled to under and by virtue of this Act: And the clerk of the common council of Kingston, and the clerk of the vestry of each other parish, shall, under the penalty of fifty pounds for each name omitted, record the names of such persons of free condition who may so give in their names to the said mayor, aldermen, and common council, and 'to the judices and vestry as hereby required, and prove their right to freedom, and forthwith grant certificates thereof to such persons who may apply therefore j and which certificate shall be to the effect following:

" These are to certify, That did, on the

" day of in the year of our Lord

" give in his [or, her] name at a vestry, holden at and did then

" and there produce the Certificate of his for, her] baptism, and (how how he " [or, she] obtained his [or, her] freedom.

And for which certificate the clerk of the vestry shall be entitled to receive a fee of one shilling and three* pence, and no more.

4th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such certificate, or the record thereof in the vestry-book, shall on all and every occasion where a party is tendered as a witness, be received and taken as proof of the freedom of the person producing the fame, and shall entitle such person to be received as a witness under and by virtue of this Act, unless it shall be satisfactorily proved to the court before whom such person is produced as a witness, that such person is not of free condition.

5th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if aay person of free condition shall, in any cause where he shall give his or her testimony, commit wilful and corrupt perjury, such person, being thereof convicted, shall be punished according to the laws and statutes of Great Britain in such cases made and provided.

6th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the penalty hereinbefore mentioned shall be recovered in a summary manner before any two of His Majesty's justices of the peace of the parish wherein the offence shall have been committed, and to the use of the party or parties complaining thereof.

7th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to navigate all droggers, vessels, or boats plying round this Island for hire, by negroes, mulattoes, or by any other description of persons, whether free or slave, notwithstanding any thing to the contrary in any other Act of this Island at any time heretofore made: Provided nevertheless, that the mailer of such drogger shall be a native subject of free condition.

No. 18.

An ACT to enable the Justices and Vestry of the Several Parishes of this Island to fit out parties of confidential Slaves.

[4th December 1813.]

WHEREAS it has been found beneficial, in several parts of this Island, to employ confidential slaves for the taking and bringing in or destroying runaway or rebellious slaves j We, Tour Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Assembly of Jamaica, humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted j be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, or person exercising the functions of government

C;*s.)

for the time being, on the representation of the justices and vestry of any parish in this Island, that hordes of runaway or rebellious slaves, dangerous to the peace of the community, are collected within or in the neighbourhood of the parish, to authorize the justices and vestry of any parish within this Island, when and as often as to the said governor or person exercising the functions of government, it shall on such representation appear necessary or expedient to raise such number of negro and other slaves, or persons of free condition, as to them shall seem meet, and at such hire as can be agreed on between the said justices and vestry and the owners of such slaves, to go in pursuit of, and to take, bring in, or destroy all such runaway or rebellious slaves as may be assembled in the said parish or neighbourhood, and to appoint officers for commanding such parties; and such party so to be sent out shall be supplied with good arms, accoutrements, and ammunition, by the justices and vestry, and at the expense of the said parish: Provided always, that with every such party of slaves there shall be at least one white person for every twenty negro or other slaves.

2d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers and non-commissioned officers employed to command and conduct such parties shall be appointed by warrant under the hand and seal of the custos or senior magistrate presiding at any vestry, on the nomination of the majority of the justices and vestry men present, when the said officers shall be appointed under the authority to be given by the governor or person exercising the functions of government as aforesaid; and that such officers, non-commissioned officers, and others employed in any such party, Hull be allowed and paid at and after the rate allowed in and by an act passed in the forty-eighth year of the reign of His present Majesty, commonly called The Party Law, during such time as such officers shall be employed in actual service.

3d. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That over and above the said pay and hire of the negroes employed in such parties, the said parties shall be allowed the like rewards for taking or killing rebellious or runaway slaves, as are in and by the said Act allowed to be distributed in the proportions and manner thereby directed.

4th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the slave or slaves who shall be employed in such parties shall previously be valued and appraised by the said justices and vestry, or any two persons to be appointed by them, such valuation not to exceed the sum of two hundred pounds; and in case any slave or slaves shall be killed, the master or owner of such slave or slaves shall receive for every slave so killed the sum at which the said slave shall have been valued; and in case any such slave or slaves shall be disabled by loss of limb, the master or owner of such slave or slaves shall receive such sum as shall appear, upon a revaluation, to be an adequate compensation, not exceeding one hundred pounds; such revaluation to be made by the said justices and vestry, or two persons to be by them appointed, after such slave or slaves shall become so disabled as aforesaid.

5th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices and vestry shall and may and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy on the inhabitants of the parish where such party or parties may be fitted out, such sum or sums of money as may be requisite and necessary for the pay, hire, maintenance, and rewards to which such party or parties may be entitled, and as may be required to pay for such slave or slaves as may be killed or disabled in such party or parties, to be received, levied, and enforced as the other parochial taxes: Provided always, that nothing herein contained is meant or intended to interfere with the herein-before mentioned Party Law or Militia Law, or any of the articles, matters, and things therein contained.

6th. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case two or more parishes shall join in fitting out parties, the officer whose warrant, signed as aforesaid, shall be of the oldest date, shall take the command of such joint parties; and the other officers shall take rank and command according so the date of the warrants under which they shall be then actually acting and receiving pay.

R

JAMAICA.

authorize them to hire and fit out parties of confidential slaves to go in pursuit of run-a ways, and to appoint officers thereto.

[Proviso.]

Such officers and non-commissioned officers to be appointed by warrant under hana of custos or senior magistrate; and they are to ke paid agreeably to the rate allowed by 48 Geo. 3. cap 4.

Besides their pay and hire, such parties are to be allowed the like rewards as are granted by the above ad.

Ail slaves going on such parties are to be valued and appraised;

and if any be killed, the owner to be allowed such value; and if any disabled, adequate compensation to be given.

Tax to be levied on each parish for defraying the above expenses.

Proviso,

In case two parishes join to fitout parties, officer whose warrant is of the oldest date is to have the command.

( 66 )

JAMAICA.

[Preamble.]

59 G*0- j. cap. 29.

41 Geo. 3. cap. 17.

Additional declaration to be made by aliens on their arri-vat in this Island.

Punishment in the event of refusal.

Aliena to produce the certificate of the naval officer before a justice of the peace; and in Kingston before the corporate body, within 24 hours after obtaining the fame; and permission to reiide in the parish is to be granted them, if no good cause to the contrary.

Governor may order off the Island any alien offending herein.

No. 19,

An ACT for rendering more effectual two certain Acts of this Island, respecting foreign slaves and foreigners of a certain description; one passed in the year one thousand seven hundred aftd ninety-nine, and the other passed in the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

[23d November 1814.]

WHEREAS two certain Acts of this Island, the one intituled "An Act to prevent any intercourse or communication between the slaves of this Island and foreign slaves of a certain description, and for other purposes, passed in the month of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine and the other intituled " An Act for establishing regulations respeduig persons of a certain description arriving in this Island, or resident therein, in certain cases," made and passed in the month of March in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, are not sufficient, under the circumstances of the times, to effectuate the purposes thereby intended: We, Your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and b£ it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of the said Island, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That in addition to the declaration mentioned in the third clause of the last mentioned Act passed in the year one thousand eight hundred and one, every alien who shall arrive in this Island after the passing of this Act shall also declare to the naval officer of the port in which such alien shall arrive the place of his or her birth, and the length of time of his or her residence in the country or countries, place or places, in which such alien shall have principally resided previous to his or her arrival, and also the name of the ship or vessel in which such alien arrived, the country to which such ship or vessel belongs, and the name of the mailer thereof; and every alien who shall neglect or refuse to make such declaration as herein-before and in the said third clause of the Hud Ad directed to be made, or shall make a false declaration thereof, shall for every such offence be proceeded against; as in and by the said clause directed or on conviction thereof before any two justices of the peace, or members of the corporate body of the city and parish of Kingston, upon the oath of one or more credible witnesses, be committed to the common gaol, or some other proper place of confinement, until the pleasure of the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person executing the functions of governor, shall be known thereupon.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any alien who shall Upon his or her arrival in this Island receive the certificate from the naval officer or his deputy, as directed by the fourth clause of the said Act, such alien shall, within the space of twenty-fours after he or she shall have obtained the fame, appear with such certificate before any justice of the peace of the parish wherein such certificate shall have been obtained; and if in the city and parish of Kingston, before one of the members of the corporate body thereof at their next fitting the reafter; and which said justice of the peace or corporate body shall, if he or they shall see no good cause to die contrary, by endorsement upon the said certificate grant such alien permission to reiide within the said parish or precind; but if such justice of the peace or corporate body aforesaid shall fee cause why such alien shall not be permitted to reiide in such panfli or precind, he or they shall commit such alien to the common gaol, or some other proper place of confinement, without bail or mainprize, and report the fame forthwith to the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person executing the functions of governor.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person executing the functions of governor, shall and may,

JAMAICA.

( «7 )

if be shall think fit, cause every alien who shall so offend, or be committed as aforesaid, to be sent off this Island.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and as often Regulation# for the it shall happen that no proclamation shall be issued, as directed by the seventh tb: Im

clause of the said Act, that no master of any flnp or Vessel ffia.ll land, or permit of there not being a qr suffer any person, being an alien, to land in any part of this Island, before the produnatfon in arrival of such ship or vessel in the port or place to which such ship or vessel shall "nTe-he bound; and any person offending herein shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds for each alien so landed, or permitted or suffered to land as aforesaid, to be recovered before any two justices of the peace of the parish wherein such ship or vessel shall arrive; and if within the precind of the city and parish of Kingston, before any two members of the corporate body of the said city and parish, the one half thereof to go to the informer, and the other half to the poor of the said parish; and if any alien shall land in this Island from any ship or vessel before the arrival of such ship or vessel in the port or place to which (he shall be bound, against the wish and without the consent of the mailer of such ship or vessel, the said master shall immediately upon his arrival report to the naval officer or his deputy the names, colour, sex, description of person, the port or place where such alien shall have embarked on board his ship or vessel, and the place where such alien shall have landed; and upon neglect or refusal to make such report, or upon making a false report thereof, such mailer shall for every such offence upon conviction thereof before any two justices of the peace or corporate body 'as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, one half thereof for the informer, and the other half for the poor of the said parish in which such mailer shall be convicted.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all personsnot being natural* Alien# antbatanen born subjects of His Majesty, and not naturalized, redding in this Island, shall in with *hdr «mfi-and during the month of August in each and every year appear before any justice of the peace of the parish in which such alien shall reside, and if in the city and of peace, and so parish of Kingston, before the corporate body thereof, and shall then (how to such Kfogfton before the justice of the peace or corporate body the certificate or passport under which c®*!101*1* body, such alien shall have been permitted to reside in the said parish; and if any alien Penalty In case of . shall refuse or neglect to appear as aforesaid* without a good and sufficient excuse, refusal. or shall appear without (howing hi& or her passport or certificate, and without giving good and sufficient reason for not (howing the fame, such alien shall be committed by such justice of the peace or corporate body to the common gaol, or some other proper place of confinement, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until the pleasure of the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person executing the functions of governor, shall be known thereupon; and which said justice$ of the peace shall within one month lodge in the office of the clerk of the peace of their respective parishes, and the corporate body in the police office, a list of all such persons as shall have so appeared before them respectively, and (halt also notify on the back of each certificate the appearance aforesaid of such alien.

Aqd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon any person not Regulation# for the bong a natural-born subject of His Majesty, and not naturalized, enlisting or being ^'mandin ^Jom- enrolled in any company or troop of the militia of this Island, the officer com- ^so^rtroopsrf manding such company or troop at the time of such enlistment or enrolment shall militia so regard to forthwith take down the name of such person, his place of birth, place of refi- alien#, dence in the parish, and length of time of such residence, his occupation and colour, of which he shall immediately make a return to the colonel or officer commanding the regiment to which such company or troop shall belong, under a penalty of ten pounds for each neglect herein, to be recovered before any two justices of the peace of the parish to which such company or troop shall belong, and if in the city and parish of Kingston, before any two of the members of the corporate body; and which said return the colonel or officer commanding the said regiment shall, within twenty days after receiving the fame, transmit to the clerk of the peace of the parish in which such person shall be enlisted or enrolled; and if in the city and partfh of Kingston, to the police office, under a penalty of

twenty

JAMAICA.

Persons haring aliens in their employ, at resident with them, mud give ip , an account of them to police officer (if in Kingston), and to clerks of peace in other parishes, under penalty of iool.

and those employing any in future mud within fourteen days make a return of them under the fame penalty.

The like notice to be given on aliens quitting their employment or residence.

Fee to the police officer and clerks of peace;

and penalty if they neglect to enter such returns.

( 68 )

twenty pounds for each neglfeft, to be recovered as last aforesaid; and which fiud penalties shall be paid to the use of the poor of the parish wherein such conv&Hon shall take place.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every, person and persons whomsoever, who shall have any person or persons, not being natural-born subjects of His Majesty, and not having been naturalized, living in his, her, or their employ, or redding within his, her, or their houses, shall on or before the twenty-eighth day of March next, or within twenty days after making a return of all such person or persons not being natural-born subjects of His Majesty, and not having been naturalized, to the police officer of the city and parish of Kingston, as to such persons as reside in the said city and parish, and to the clerks of the peace of the several other parishes in which such person or persons reside, or in which his, her, or their plantation or house may be, whereon such person or persons as aforesaid are employed or reside; and in such return shall be set down the name, colour, country, and occupation of such person or persons aliens as aforesaid, the length of time such person or persons, aliens as aforesaid, shall have been in his, her, or their employment, or the length of time of such' residence as aforesaid, and also the country from whence such person or persons, aliens as aforesaid, last came; and in every case of neglect or default he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the ium of one hundred pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner before any two of His Majesty's justices of the peace of the respective parishes; and if in the city and parish of Kingston, before any two of the corporate body, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; one half thereof shall be to the informer or informers, the other moiety to the poor of the parish in which such plantation or dwelling shall be.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, all person or persons whomsoever who shall employ or take to reside with him, her, or them any person or persons not being natural-biora subjects of His Majesty, and not having been naturalized, shall, within fourteen days after such employment or residence, give in to the police officer of the city and parish of Kingston, as to such persons as reside in the said city and parish, and to the clerks of the peace of the several other parishes in which such person or persons, aliens as aforesaid, shall be employed or reside, a return thereof, wherein: shall be set down the names, colour, country, and occupation of such person or persons aliens as aforesaid; and in every case of neglect or default therein he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as last aforesaid; one moiety thereof to be for the informer or informers, and the other moiety thereof to be for the poor of the parish as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, all person and persons whomsoever who shall now have, or shall or may hereafter have any person or persons not being natural-born subjects of His Majesty, and not naturalized, in his, her, or their employ, or redding with him, her, or them, he, she, or they shall, upon such person or persons, aliens aforesaid, quitting such employment or residence as aforesaid, give a notice thereof in writing to the police officer of the city and parish of Kingston, as to such persons as reside in the said city and parish, and to the clerks of the peace of the several other parishes in which such person or persons, aliens aforesaid, shall have been employed and resided; and in every case of neglect or default he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That persons giving in such returns as aforesaid shall pay to the police officer of the city and parish of Kingston, and clerks of the peace of the several other parishes, the sum of two shillings and sixpence for each person in such return so to be made to them respectively, and no more; and that the said police officer and clerks of the peace shall enter such returns so to be made to them respectively, into a book to be kept for that purpose, under the penalty of five pounds for each neglect or default, to be levied by warrant under the hands and seals of any two of the members of the corporate

Negro*, &c. from St. Domingo fonnd here, without a license from the governor, to be deemed persons of a dangerous description.

Rewards to person* apprehending them and to witnesses.

( 69 )

JAMAICA.

body of file at yand parish of Kfogftdn, if such neglect or default shall happen within the precind of the said city and parish, and by any two justices of the peace of the parish wherein such neglect or default shall happen; and the penalties so levied to be applied to the use of the poor of the city and parishes wherein such penalties shall be levied*

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any master or Punishment on commander of any ship, Vessel, or boat, shall not comply with the regulations master* of vessels contained in the first section of the said recited Act passed the eleventh day of nfg|£fh&*oco,^l March one thousand eight hundred and one, such matter or commander, upon fionrconuined^in proof thereof in manner as directed in and by the said Act, shall not only be theaa of 41 Geo. 3. liable to the penalty imposed by the said Act, but shall also be committed to gaol for caP- >7* three months, by warrant under the hand and seal of one or more of His Majesty's justices of the peace, or by one or more of the corporate body of the city and parish of Kingsto?, if within the precind thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all negroes or people of colour from the Island of Saint Domingo, found on shore here without a special license from the governor or the person executing for the time being the functions of governor, shall be deemed and taken to be persons of a dangerous description, and on conviction under any law respecting persons of a dangerous description shall be transported for life; and that any person who shall apprehend and have committed to gaol brigand negroes or people of colour of the aforesaid description,

shall be entitled to a reward of twenty pounds for every person so apprehended and transported, on presenting to the receiver-general a certificate of the fad* signed by the magistrates who shall or may pass such sentence of transportation; and if any person shall be prosecuted and convicted under the eleventh or thirteenth clauses of the said Act by the information of any witness or witnesses, such witness or witnesses shall be entitled to the sum of twenty pounds, to be paid by the receiver-general of this Island, on the production to him of a certificate of such conviction.

And be it further enacted, That immediatlely from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the governor, or person executing the functions of governor for the time being, at any time to ifiiie orders to all and every or any person or persons whomsoever to make search for and apprehend, and keep in safe and secure custody, any person whomsoever not being a natural-born subject of His Majesty, to the end that such proceeding may be had with regard to every such person respectively as the safety of the Island may appear to require, and to cause to be kept in confinement on board any ship or vessel, or otherwise, and for such time as he shall deem necessary; and also to cause to be sent off the Island every such person so to be apprehended as aforesaid, as he shall deem to be a dangerous or suspicious character with regard to the public safety and tranquillity.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every or any person or persons, under any such orders as aforesaid, to break open houses or closes for the purpose of effectually searching for all and every or any such person or persons so to be apprehended as aforesaid, if free access shall not be given or may not be had for that purpose, and also to use and exercise any force whatsoever that may be necessary or expedient ip order to carry into full execution any such orders as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or private of the militia shall not obey any such orders as aforesaid, every such person so offending shall be liable to be tried by a general court-martial, and to the sentence thereof.

Governor empower ed to order search to be made for aliens, and to apprehend, secure, and fend them off the island, if necessary for public safety.

Under such orders of the governor, persons may command acceis for search by force.

Officers, dec. of militia disobeying such orders, to be tried by a court-martial.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person sent Persons Tent off the dff this Island under this Act shaft afterwards return to this Island, every such 1^"d "n^r person shall suffer death without benefit of clergy, any thing contained in any of the°y r"t^n ca former Act notwithstanding.

, (j8.) S And

( 7°

saint And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and the commissioners of

Christopher* public accounts are hereby directed to authorize the receiver-general to pay all Expenfea incurred such expenses as may at any time hereafter be incurred in the apprehending and to be paid by the transporting from this Island any person who may be apprehended and transported aft^'bdn^a^ted ^rom Mand by virtue of this or the herein-before recited Acts, such expensea gj g a e ’ being first audited and approved of by the said commissioners of accounts.

Owners, &c. of And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the

dragging reffels passing of this Act, if any owner of a drogger or dragging vessel, being the

STiSSSL ma^er thereof, or the mailer not being the owner, shall take or carry any alien oneport to'another or foreign slave from any one part to any other part of this Island, unless such without a passport, person shall have a passport according to the regulations made by the herein-before to forfeit 70U for recited Act of the forty-first year of the reign of George the Third, such master csch‘ or owner of a drogger as aforesaid shall for every such offence forfeit arid pay

the sum of seventy pounds for every such alien or foreign slave who shall have been by him carried from any one port to any other port of this Island as aforesaid, one moiety thereof to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the churchwardens of the pariflt wherein the port shall be situated to which the said master or owner of a drogger as aforesaid shall have carried such person or persons, for the use of the poor of the said parish, to be recovered in a summary manner before any two members of the corporate body of the city and parish of Kingston, if the offence shall be committed within the precind thereof, and any two magistrates of such other parish where the offence shall be committed; and in default of payment, that such offender or offenders shall be committed to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize until the same shall be paid.

This act to be in force until 31st December 1817.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every clause, matter, and thing therein contained, shall continue and be in force from the thirty-first day of December in the present year until the thirty-first day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

Passed the Council, twenty-third November one thousand eight hundred and fourteen. (Signed) , Cl. Cora.

Passed the Assembly, this twenty-third day of November one thousand eight hundred and fourteen. (Signed) James , Speaker.

I consent,

Twenty-third November, one thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

SAINT CHRISTOPHER.

No. 20.

An ACT to restrain Thefts committed by Negro and other Slaves; and to prevent the dishonest Traffic carried on by such as deal with diem. (4th May 1790.)

WHEREAS it is become highly necessary, in order to restrain the thefts committed by negro and other slaves, and to prevent the dishonest traffick carried on by such as deal with them, that the present laws should be put in force, and further regulations added to them: We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Governor in Chief of all Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and Council and Assembly of the said Island of Saint Christopher, pray Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any negro or other slave shall have in his possession, in any of the towns in this Island, or in any of the roads leading to the fame, any sugar, syrup,

( 7* )

cotton, molasses, rum, canes, sprouts, pewter, brass, copper, iron, oats, lumber of all kinds, plantation articles or utensils, or any kind of merchandize, except such provisions as may have been given them for allowance, without a ticket or paper from his mailer or mistress, containing an account of the fame, in his possession, or without his mailer or millrefs being present, every such negro or other slave shall be apprehended and carried before some justice of the peace of the said I Hand, who shall by his warrant commit such negro or other slave to the public gaol or cages of the said Island, there to remain until the said justice or some other mail try the said negro or other Have; provided that such trial shall be had within the space of forty* eight hours after commitment, otherwise the negro or other slave shall be convicted by such justice of such possession as aforesaid, then such negro or other slave shall be publicly whipt at such time or times as the said justice shall think proper; and every person apprehending and carrying before such justice any negro or other slave who shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall receive the sum of eight shillings and threepence for his reward in so doing, as a charge incident to the said conviction, and to be paid by the owner or possessor of such slave so convicted; and that such sugar, syrup, cotton, molasses, rum, canes, sprouts, magofs, and oats, which such negro or other slave shall have in his possession, shall be forfeited to such informer, and all such other articles herein-before mentioned to be returned to the owner, he or they proving their property in such articles.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any white or free person or persons shall treat for, cheapen, or bargain, or purchase, or cause to be treated for, cheapened, or bargained for, or purchased from any negro or other slave, any sugar, syrup, cotton, molasses, rum, canes, sprouts, magofs, pewter, brass, copper, iron, lead, oats, lumber of all kinds, plantation articles or utensils, or any kind of merchandize, except such provisions as may have been given to them for allowance whatsoever, without such ticket as aforesaid, such person or persons shall upon conviction for the first offence against this act be subject to the penalty of ten pounds current money, or if the goods shall exceed ten pounds in value, then to pay double the value of such goods, and suffer one month's imprisonment; and in case of neglect or refusal to pay the penalty, be subject to a further imprisonment of two months; and for the second and every other succeeding offence be subject to the penalty of twenty pounds, and three months imprisonment, or double the value of the goods, should the fame exceed the sum of twenty pounds, and suffer the like imprisonment; and in case of refusal or neglect to pay the said penalty, be subject to a further imprisonment of three months; the one-fourth part of such penalty to be paid to the person or persons who shall discover such offence, and the other three-fourths to be paid into the treasury of the said Kland, for the use of the public of the said Kland; and if any negro or other slave shall be convicted before one or more justices of the peace of having purchased from any other slave any of the articles before mentioned, such negro or other slave so convicted shall be publicly whipped at the discretion of such justice or justices, not exceeding fifty lashes.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any white or free person shall upon oath declare that he has cause to susped and verily believes that any sugar, syrup, cotton, molasses, rum, canes, sprouts, magofs, pewter, brass, copper, iron, lead, oats, lumber of all kinds, plantation articles or utensils, or any kind of merchandise, except such provisions as may have been given to slaves for allowance, has been purchased from any negro or other slave, and is concealed in any place or places whatsoever, it shall and may be lawful for any justice, on such oath as aforesaid, to issue his warrant or warrants to search such place or places; and if any sugar, syrup, cotton, molasses, rum, canes, sprouts, magofs, pewter, brass, copper, iron, lead, oats, lumber of all kinds, plantation articles or utensils, as may have been given, or any kind of merchandize, except such provisions as may have been given to for allowance, shall be found in such place or places, and the person or persons inhabiting therein, or having the command of the lame, shall not be able to give a satisfactory account of the manner in which the said sugar, syrup, cotton, molasses, rum, canes, sprouts, magofs, pewter, brass, copper, iron, lead, oats, lumber of all kinds, plantation articles or utensils, or other

SAINT

CHRISTOPHER.

SAINT

CHRISTOPHER.

( 7* )

merchandize, except such provisions as may have been given to slaves for allowance, came into such place or places, that then the person or persons inhabiting or having such command as aforesaid shall be considered as having purchased such sugar, syrup, cotton, molasses, rum, canes, sprouts, magofs, pewter, brals, copper, iron, lead, oats, lumber of all kinds, plantation articles or utensils, or other merchandize, except such provisions as may have been given to them for allowance from some negro or other slave, and be subject to the penalties imposed by this Act for so doing.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better execution of this Act, and all other Acts of a similar nature, there shall be appointed by the governor or commander in chief for the time being, at the recommendation of the council and assembly, two persons as supervisors of the town of Basseterre, one person for the town of Old Road, one person for the town of Sandy Point, and one person for the town of Deep Bay, each of which supervisors shall receive from the public treasury of the said Island the annual sum of fifty pounds, by even quarterly payments, as long as they shall continue in the said and such supervisors

shall from time to time be removable, and others be appointed in their (lead, by the governor or commander in chief aforesaid, on the recommendation aforesaid, and toot otherwise; and the said supervisors and every of them are hereby required and commanded to be watchful and diligent in endeavouring to detest and apprehend and bring to justice all offenders against this Act and all other Acts of a similar nature, and they are required and commanded, at any meeting of the council and assembly, when summoned or required by any member of the council and assembly, to appear and answer all such questions upon oath as shall be put to them or any of them, either in the council or assembly, respecting their conduct in their said offices; and such of the said supervisors as shall neglect to appear as aforesaid, or shall be declared by any resolution of the council and assembly not to have been watchful and diligent in the execution of their offices, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, to be paid into the treasury of the said Island for the use of the public of the lamej and in case of refusal or neglect to pay the same, such supervisor so neglecting or refuling shall suffer three months imprison* ment; and such supervisor offending as aforesaid shall forfeit his office, and be rendered incapable of holding the fame at any time thereafter, and the said supervisor shall also forfeit all such sum or sums of money as shall be due to him for such salary at the time of being convicted, in manner as herein-before directed, for having offended contrary to the directions of this Act; and from and immediately after such forfeiture of office aforesaid, the governor or commander in chief for the time being, at the recommendation of the council and assembly of this Island, shall appoint some person to act as supervisor in the (lead of such person so removed as aforesaid.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no negro or other Gave belonging to this Island shall be permitted to be in any of the Greets or alleys of the towns thereof between die hours of ten o'clock and Ave in the morning, without a ticket or note, or a lighted candle in a lantern, from his or her mailer or millrefs; and the supervisors herein-before appointed are directed to use due diligence in apprehending such negro or other slaves offending as aforesaid, and committing him, her, or them to any cage that shall be erected for the purpose of confining negroes, for which the said supervisor shall have and receive nine-pence per day for providing each negro with provisions; or to the common gaol of this Island, to be examined and punished in such manner as any two justices of the peace shall direct for that purpose, not exceeding thirty-nine lashes; and the owner or owners of such negro or other slave are hereby directed to pay the expenses attending the apprehending, commitment, and conviction of such slave or slaves.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any white or free person shall beat or ill treat or take away from any negro or other slave, by force, or without his or her consent, any article or articles for which such negro or other slave shall produce a ticket, or shall beat or ill treat or take away from such negro or othet slave, by force, without his or her consent, any articles whatsoever which the said negro or other slave is authorized to foil and dispose of, that then

( n )

and in such case, upon complaint made to any justice of the peace in this Island of the fame, by the matter or raiftrefs of such negro or other slave, such justice shall stfkd it hereby directed to order such person or persons before him, and any other justice of the peace, in order to examine into such complaint j and in case such justices thall think it necessary, they thall examine such person or persons upon oath with respect to the said complaint, who thall then be compelled to answer upon oath such questions as the justices may put; and if he or she do not appear to

the satisfaction of such justices that he or she did not beat or , or take away

by force, or without the consent of such negro or other slave, any of the articles for which he or she are charged in such complaint, he or she refuting shall be fined at the discretion of the said justices any sum hot exceeding ten pounds, current money, for each offence, to be recovered by warrant under the hands and seals of the said justices of the peace, directed to any constable of this Island, commanding hint to' levy on the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders sufficient to pay such fine, with all coils and charges attending the fame; and for want of such goods and chattels to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol of this Island for any time not exceeding thirty days. And in case any person thall refuse to attend such justice or justices of the peace when thereunto required, to answer any complaint made against him or her in manner as above directed, such person thall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds current money, to be levied and recovered in like manner as is directed in the case of beating, ill-treating, or taking away any of the articles from any negro or other slave, in manner as hereiti-before is directed; and for want of sufficient goods and chattels to pay such fine, the person so offending as aforesaid shall be committed to the common gaol of this Island for the space of three months.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every white or free person who shall be found selling by retail sugar, syrup, rum or mobiles, shall be obliged, as often as required by any two justices of the peace, to produce a certificate under the hand-writing and with the signature of the person or persons from, whom they purchased the fame, and upon refusal thereof they shall be considered. as having purchased the fame of negroes without license or ticket, against the regulations of this Act, and suffer the fines and penalties as is hereby directed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines and penalties laid and imposed by this Act, and not herein-before particularly applied, shall be paid into the hands of the public treasurer of this Island, to be applied in such manner as the firit person in command in this Island, by and with the advice and consent of the council and assembly, shall direct and appoint.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any action, suit, or prosecution shall be commenced or carried on against any justice or justices, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, for any matter or thing done under or by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for every such justice or justices, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, defendant or defendants in such action, suit, or profeution, to plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and in case any plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors, in such action, suit, or profection against any such justice or justices, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons as aforesaid, be non-suited, or that judgment shall go against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors, by default, discontinuance upon verdict or demurrer, that then such plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors, shall pay to such defendant or defendants treble costs and damages sustained by such action, suit, or prosecution as aforesaid.

Dated in Antigua the fourth day of May in the thirtieth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Read, and passed the Assembly, the 15th day of April 1790.

Garnett, Speaker.

James , Clerk of the Assembly. (18.) T Read,

SAINT

CHRISTOPHER.

( 74 )

SAINT

CHRISTOPHER.

Read, and passed the Council, this 37th day of April 1790.

E. , Clerk of Council.

Passed by the Governor in Chief the 4th day of May 1790, and in the thirtieth year of His Majesty's reign.

SAINT CHRISTOPHER.

Published in the town of Basseterre on Thursday the 6th, and in the towns of Old Road and Sandy Point on Friday the 7th day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Geo. , Deputy P. Marftial.

No. 21.

An ACT to explain and render more effectual an Act, intituled," An Act to restrain thefts committed by Negro and other Slaves, and to prevent the dishonest traffick carried on by such as deal with them.’

[10th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it will greatly increase the advantages derived to this colony by the appointment of supervisors, if such officers were rewarded with things and articles which they dete& in the possession of negroes; now therefore. We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commander in Chief of all Your Majesty's Leeward Charribbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of Your Majesty's Island of Saint Christopher, pray it may be enabled; and it is hereby enacted, by and with the advice and consent of the said Commander in Chief, and the Council and Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from the publication of this Act every supervisor who shall detect and take from any negro or other slave any article which has been stolen, and shall apprehend and deliver up to justice such negro or other slave, shall retain such article for his own use and as his own property, unless the value of the said articles shall exceed the sum of five pounds current money, or such article shall have been stolen from a Have.

That every supervisor who shall take up and apprehend any slave who has been guilty of any robbery, burglary, theft or other crime or offence whatever, shall carry such criminal or offender to the common cage, and as soon as convenient carry him before a magistrate, to be disposed of according to issue.

That every supervisor shall and is hereby commanded to be particularly vigilant in the apprehension of all negroes and other slaves who he shall detect with any articles that have been stolen, or who have in their possession any article that is prohibited to be sold without a ticket, and also all runaways and deserters from the service of their masters, and all negroes who are drunk, or who have rum in their possession; and for the apprehension of every such offender the superior shall receive the sum of one dollar; and in case of his omitting to perform his duty in any such respect, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds current money.

Dated in Saint Christopher, the (ixleenth day of June, in the forty-eighth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eight.

Read, and passed the Assembly, this third day of May 1808.

Ward, Clerk of Assembly.

John Garnett, Speaker.

Read, and passed the Council, this first day of June 1808.

J, Woodcock, Clerk of Council.

( 75 )

SAINT VINCENT.

4

No. 22.

Am ACT to appoint Commissioners for the purpose of obtaining an exact account of the number of the Coloured Free People, and number of Negroes within this Government and its Dependencies. fqth January 1805.]

WHEREAS Lord Camden, one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, hath, by command of His Majesty, transmitted a letter to his Excellency Henry William Bentinck, Esquire, Governor and Commander in Chief in and over this Island and its dependencies, requiring the exact number of negroes imported into and exported from this Island since one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and also the number of negroes now in the government, dividing them into clalfes of male and female, children from one to twelve, youths from twelve to twenty, full grown men and women from twenty to sixty, and the aged; also an account of the total number of coloured free people." In order therefore to comply as effectually and correctly as possible with the above request, and that henceforth the fame account may be taken annually in the first month of every year, We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, Henry William Bentinck, Esquire, Captain-general and Governor in Chief in and over the Islands of Saint Vincent, Bequia, and such other the Islands, commonly called The Grenadines, as lie to the northward of Carriacou in America, and the Council and Assembly of the fame, have enacted; and be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners herein after named for the purpose of carrying the intention of this Act into effect, shall, within fifteen days after the publication of this Act, issue this warrant to one or more of the constables for the island, parish, or town which such commissioners represent in the house of aflfembly, requiring all owners, renters, or possessorsof slaves within such island, parish, or town, to appear before them at a certain time and place within the island, or town or parish therein to be specified, such time not to exceed ten days from the date of such warrant, and to be served at least five days before the time when such appearance shall be required, then and there to make a return in writing upon oath of the number of negroes belonging to or in the possession of such owners, renters, or possessors, distinguishing in such return the number of males and females separately, from one year old to twelve years old; males and females separately, from twelve years old to twenty years old; males and females separately, from twenty years old to sixty years old; and males and females separately, from sixty years old and upwards; and any person refusing or neglecting to comply with the warrant, shall upon the oath of any one commiluoner, before any one of His Majesty's justices of the peace, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds current money for every five days he shall refuse or neglect to make his returns, to be recovered by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, directed to any constable of the said parish.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners herein after named shall, within fifteen days after the publication of this Act, issue their warrant to one or more constable or constables within the parish, town or island which they represent in the house of assembly, requiring all free black and coloured people to appear before them at a certain time and place within the parish, town, or island therein to be specified, such time not to exceed ten days from the date of the said warrant, and to be served five days before the time such appearance shall be required, then and there to answer upon oath such questions as shall be tendered to them respecting their ages, occupation, and means of living, and of their families, their and each of their ages and sexes respectively, that their number may be fully ascertained; and all free black and coloured people, being duly summoned, who shall refuse or neglect to appear before the said commissioners, and give in their names, and answer all such questions as shall be tendered them as aforesaid, shall be liable and subject to be apprehended by warrant

front

St. VINCENT.

Preamble

Clause 1. Instructions to Commissioners for taking account of negroes.

Clause 2. Instructions to commissioners for taking account of free, black or coloured people.

St. VINCENT.

Clause 3d. Respecting persons on whom warrant to appear may not have been served.

Clause 4th. Security for good behariour to be given.

Clause 5th. Commissioners appointed.

Instructionsto

them.

Clause 6th.

Provides for like returns being made every year.

Clause 7 th. Disposing of fines.

c 76)

from any magistrate, directed to any constable, and to be by such magistrate, upon complaint of any one of the said commissioners, committed to the common gaol for any time not exceeding fifteen days, and shall also be subject to a fine of fire pounds current money, to be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of any magistrate, directed to any constable, upon the goods and chattels of such free black or coloured person so refuting or neglecting as aforesaid.

And whereas it may happen that free black or coloured persons may conceal themselves, or may not be found by a constable to serve a warrant, and their place of residence may be unknown; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all free black or coloured persons, not served with a warrant as aforesaid, shall within fifteen days after the publication of this Act give in their, his, or her name to the commissioners of the parish, town, or island in which such free black or coloured person or persons retide, and shall then and there, or at any other time specified and directed by such commissioners, answer upon oath all such questions as aforesaid, under the like penalties in case of refusal or neglect.

And whereas by an Act, commonly called The Alien Ad, no free black or coloured person can resort to or reside in this government, without entering into certain securities therein specified, within ten days after granting said permit-fion; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons whatsoever renting lands, messuages, or tenements to free black or coloured people, shall within fifteen days after the publication of this Act, give in the names, ages, and sexes of their respective tenants, and the number of the families of such their tenants, to the commissioners of the parish, town, or island in which such lands, tenements, or messuages lie, and shall enter into security for their good and orderly behaviour; and shall also give notice to any one of the commissioners of the removal of any of the before-mentioned tenants, under the penalty of twenty pounds, to be levied as herein-before directed; and every magistrate granting permission of residence upon security given, according to the above-mentioned Act, shall give unto the commissioners, or any one of them, of the parish, town, or island, a copy of the permission granted.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the representatives in the house of assembly for the different parishes in this Island, or any two of them, and the representatives and town-wardens for the town of Kingstown, and the representatives for the Grenadines, shall be commissioners for carrying this Act into effect; and the said commissioners are hereby required, within seven days after taking the returns, to deliver the same to the clerk of the house of assembly, who shall make one general return of the fame, to be by him laid before the said house at their first meeting, after one copy thereof shall be delivered to his excellency the governor, for the purpose of being transmitted to His Majesty's principal secretary of state for this department, and another to be lodged in the secretary’s office of this Island.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the returns herein directed to be taken and made shall in like manner and form (and the fame proceedings be had), under the fame penalties and forfeitures to all intents and purposes, be taken and made in the first month of each and every succeeding year; and that all free black or coloured persons coming within the meaning and disposition of the third clause of this Act, shall be and appear before the commissioners of the town or parish or island in which they reside, on some day between the fifth and tenth days of January in every year, and the commissioners shall have the fame powers as are vested in them by the said third clause or any other clause of the said Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines and forfeitures incurred by virtue of this Act shall be to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be paid into the treasury of this Island, for the public uses of the government thereof.

Dated in Kingstown, the ninth day of January, in the forty-fifth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth; and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and five. William John St rut b, Speaker.

Paired the Assembly the ninth day of January one thousand eight hundred and fire. Herbert , Clerk of the Assembly.

Passed the Council this ninth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five. Michael , Dep. Clerk of the Council.

Assented to by His Excellency the Governor in Chief this tenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five.

Michael , Dep. Clerk of the Council.

Henry William Bentick.

Duly published in Kingstown, the eleventh day of January one thousand eight hundred and five, and in the forty-fifth year of His Majesty's reign.

Wm. Alexander, Provost Marshal.

No. 23.

An ACT to revive an Act, intituled " An Act to appoint Commissioners for the purpose of obtaining an exact Account of the numbers of Negroes in this Government and its Dependencies." £4th September 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act, intituled " An Act for appointing Commissioners to obtain an exact account of the number of Coloured free People, &c." has been dormant, and become in some measure obsolete; We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, Robert Paul, Esquire, Commander in Chief in and over the Island of Saint Vincent, Bequia, and such of the Grenadines as lie to the northward of Carriacou in America, and the Council and Assembly of the fame, have enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the above-mentioned Act shall be revived, and it is hereby revived accordingly.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners therein named and appointed shall issue their warrants as therein directed, within the space of one month from the date hereof, and shall take a return of the numbers of the population; which return shall be transmitted to the clerk of assembly within ten days after taking it, and be by hitn laid before the legislature at their next succeeding meeting.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners shall issue their warrants in like manner in their respective parishes, to summon the white inhabitants to appear on a certain day, and give in on oath a return of the names and sex of all and every white person, of his, her, or their family or families, at that time resident within this government and its dependencies; and all and every neglect, refusal, or default shall be liable to and punished by the like pains and penalties as directed by the second clause of the afore-mentioned Act.

Dated in Kingstown, the fourth day of September, in the fifty-first year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, King, Defender of the Faith; and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eleven.

Edward , Speaker.

Passed the Assembly this 4th day of September one thousand eight hundred and eleven.

Herbert P. Clerk of the Assembly.

Pafied the Council, the 17th day of October one thousand eight hundred and eleven. Daniel P. Barnard, Deputy Clerk of Council.

Assented to by his Honour the President, commanding in chief, the twenty-second day of October one thousand eight hundred and eleven.

Daniel P. , Deputy Pub. Secretary.

Robert Paul.

Duly published in Kingstown this twenty-second day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eleven, and in the fifty-first year of His Majesty's reign.

William , Provost Marshal General.

(18.) U

Sx. VINCENT.

Clause lit.

Clause 2d.

Clause 3d.

St. VINCENT.

[Preamble.]

Cltue i ft.

Any flare feloniously taking goods or money to the value of tweoty shillings from any other person.

Clause ad.

Or dealing in a house to the amount of 61. guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Clause ad.

Slaves setting fire to any dwelling guilty of Felony.

Clause 4th. Providing for the trial of all slaves guilty of crimes which affect their lives, in the court of session.

Court to appoint counsel) and in cases of conviction, owner to be paid the value of such Have* Clause 5th.

Fees upon prosecution of slaves in the court of fiessions, how paid.

Clause 6th. Larcenous thefts, and other offences not afiecting the life of a slave, to be tried and pu-niflted accordingly by two justices.

An ACT to explain and amend an Act, intituled " An Act for making " Slaves Real Estate, and the better government of Slaves and free " Negroes.’*

[19th June 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Act, intituled, "An Act for making Slaves Real Estate, and the better government of Slaves and free Negroes," it is enacted, That if any slave shall steal goods or chattels to the value of six pounds current money, he shall be guilty of felony, but does not add, without the benefit of clergy: And whereas it is expedient and proper that the law upon this subject should be clearly defined, and that other regulations should be made concerning slaves than are contained in the said recited Act; We, therefore. Your Majesty's dutiful, loyal, and obedient servants, Charles Brisbane, Knight, Captain-general and Governor in Chief in and over Your Majesty's Islands of Saint Vincent, Bequia, and such other the Islands commonly called The Grenadines, as lie to the north* ward of Carriacou in America, and the Council and Assembly of the fame, have enacted and ordained; and be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave shall feloniously and forcibly take from the person of another, whether slave or free, goods or money to the value of twenty shillings current money, by violence, or putting him or her in fear, he or she shall be guilty of felony without the benefit of clergy.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave shall by night break and enter into any mansion-house, (hop, (tore, works, negro-house, or other out-house, and take and carry therefrom goods or money to the value of six pounds current money, he or she shall be guilty of felony without the benefit of clergy.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave shall wantonly or maliciously set fire, or cause or procure any other slave to set fire to any cane-piece, dwelling-house, works, magofs-house, out-house, or any other building whatever, he or she shall be guilty of felony without the benefit of clergy.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave or slaves, charged with any or either-of the said offences, or any other offence whatever which may render him or her liable to the punishment of death, shall be tried in all respects in the same manner as free persons at the court of sessions j and upon such trial the court are hereby required to appoint a barrister to act as counsel for the prisoner; and the jury shall, u they find the prisoner guilty, ascertain the value of him or her, and the owner of such slave shall be paid the fame, as heretofore provided by the above-recited Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fees upon such prosecution shall be the same as are payable on the prosecution of free persons, and that the court may order the same to be paid by the prosecutor, if the profecudon be frivolous or vexatious; or by the owner or owners of the slave, if he, she, or they shall have endeavoured to obstruct or prevent the course of justice against such Have; or if no such cause or causes exist, the court may order the same to be paid by the public treasurer.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for all or any larcenous thefts or robberies, not herein-before mentioned, committed by any slave, he or she shall be tried before any two of His Majesty's justices, and upon conviction shall suffer such punishment as they deem proper, by whipping, imprisonment, or pillory j provided such whipping shall not exceed one hundred lathes, not more than fifty whereof to be inflicted at one rime; such imprisonment not to exceed the term of one year, and such (landing in the pillory not to exceed twice for the fame offence, or for the space of two hours at each rime.

St. VINCENT.

( 79 )

Whereas doubts have arisen whether, as the law now Hands, manumissions executed in this Island, where both parties reside, and the fame have been recorded in Tobago, Nevis, Antigua, and other Islands, are valid and effectual; and as many persons are now reputed free by virtue of such manumissions, it is reasonable that the law respecting them be declared and understood; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all manumissions executed in this Government before the operation of this Act, and recorded in any of the said Islands, although both parties reside within this government, shall be valid to every intent and purpose whatever.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in order to remove any doubt which may arise as to the legality or propriety of punishing the owner or director of any slave for any cruel conduct, towards such slave, it is hereby expressly declared and enacted, That if any person shall cruelly or wantonly whip, maltreat, beat, or imprison or keep in confinement without sufficient support, any slave under his or her direction or care, such person shall be indicted for the fame at the court of sessions, and upon being legally convicted thereof shall suffer such punishment by fine or imprisonpient, or both, as the judges-or justices of the said court shall think proper to inflict; and the said judges or justices are hereby authorized, if they shall deem it necessary for the further protection of the said slave, to order the marshal or his deputy to sell and dispose of such slave to any person, except the owner, at public outcry, and at the bed price that can be produced for such slave; and the monies arising from such fate, after payment of the fees, shall be paid to the person having the first lien thereon; and in case of no such prior lien, then to the owners of the said slave; and that such slave shall not directly or indirectly become the property of the former owner.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall beat or maltreat any slave not belonging to herself or himself, such offender shall not only be indicted and punished for the fame in like manner as mentioned in the preceding clause, but any punishment inflicted by the court of sessions for such offenc6 shall not be considered as a bar to any action or suit at law which may be commenced by the owner of such slave, or be considered in mitigation of any damages which may otherwise be given or recovered for such trespass or injury.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any justice of the peace shall receive any complaint or intelligence which he in his own discretion shall think probable, that any slave hath been mutilated, cruelly punished, or otherwise maltreated or confined without sufficient support, it shall be lawful for such justice of the peace to call to his assistance some other justice, and then such two justices shall be and are hereby authorized to order any constable to bring such slave before them; or if the case shall require it they are hereby authorized to go to such place where such slave shall be, and direct such slave to be produced and shown to them, that such enquiry and other proceedings may be made and had as shall be necessary for the further prosecution of the offencej and that if such justices shall think it proper or necessary, they shall be and they are hereby authorized to fend such slave to some public place of security, or to the cage, if any provided in the Island, to be there kept and detained, and supported at the expence of the owner and director of such slave, until further enquiry shall be made into the fast according to law; provided further^ that all and every clause, matter, and thing herein contained be and are hereby suspended until His Majesty's royal pleasure be known.

Dated at Kingstown this nineteenth day of January, and in the fifty-third year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth; and in the year of our Lord God one thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

Edward Speaker.

Clause 7. Explaining doubts tefpefting manu-mifljon registered in other colonics.

Clause 8.

Providing for the punishment of proprietors maltreating their slaves.

Authorizing the court to dispose of such slaves, if they fee fit;

and to order the proceeds to be paid to the owner, or otherwise.

Clause 9.

Persons maltreating slaves not their property punished by this Act, and liable moreover to prosecution at civil law.

Requiring justices to take cognizance of complaints respecting cruelty exercised upon any slaves,

and to provide a

{>lace of security or them when in particular cases they shall think it necessary; provided that every thing in this Act contained do first receive the approbation of His Majesty.

Palled

Sr. VINCENT.

Clause i.

CUnfe a.

( 80;

Faffed the Assembly the nineteenth day of January one thouDmd eight hundred and thirteen.

Herbert P. Cox, Clerk of the Assembly.

Faffed the Council the tenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

Darnel P. Bernard, Dep. Clerk of the Council.

Assented to by his Excellency the Governor in Council this third day of February one thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

Daniel P. , Public Secretary.

Charles Brisbane.

Duly published in King flown this fourth day of February in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and in the fifty-fourth year of His Majesty's reign.

J. 6'. Nanton, Acting Provost Marshal General.

No. 25.

An ACT to repeal the fourth Clause of an Act, intituled " An Act to explain and amend an Act, intituled ‘ An Act for making Slaves Real Estate, and the better government of Slaves and free Negroes," and to amend and re-enact the same.

[20th March 1815.]

WHEREAS the fourth clause of the Act, intituled w An Act to explain and amend an Act, intituled ‘ An Act for making Slaves Real Estate, and the better government of Slaves and free Negroes," i&imperfect as to the evidence to be given by any slave or slaves on oath; for remedy whereof, we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, Sir Charles Brisbane Knight, Commander of the most Honourable Order or the Bath, Captain-general and Governor in Chief in and over the Island of St. Vincent and its dependencies, and the Council and Assembly of the fame, have enacted; and be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said fourth clause be and it is hereby repealed; and instead thereof, be it enacted, That as any slave or slaves charged with any of the offences named or mentioned in the before-recited Act, or any other offence whatever which may render him or her liable to the punishment of death, shall be tried in all respects in the same manner as free persons at the court of sessions (save and except that the evidence of any slave or slaves on oath shall in such case be taken for and against slaves, but in no other case whatever be admiHible); and upon such trial the court are hereby required to appoint a barrister to act as counsel for the prisoner; and the jury, if they find the prisoner guilty, ascertain the value of him or her, and the owner of such slave shall be paid the same as heretofore provided by the above-recited Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any slave or slaves shall be convicted of perjury, he, she, or they shall be liable to suffer any or all the punishment inflicted on free persons in such cases.

Dated in Kingston the twenty-fifth day of March, in the fifty-fifth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George, by the grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Alexander Cruik/hanh, Speaker.

Passed

St. VINCENT.

( 81 )

Passed the Assembly this twentieth day of March.

Hubert P. , Clerk of the Assembly.

Passed the Council this twentieth day of March one thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Andrew Ro/e, Clerk of the Council.

Assented to by His Excellency the Governor in Chief this twenty-third day of March one thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

Andrew Ro/e, Public Secretary.

Brisbane.

Duly published in Kingston this twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and fifteen. J. T. Nanton, Provost Marshal General,

St. Vincent, a 2d April 1815.

A true Copy.

Andrew Ro/e, Secretary and Register.

TOBAGO ISLAND.

No. 26.

An ACT to prevent more effectually Slaves absenting themselves from the service of their Mailers, Owners, or Renters.

["6th November 1807.]

WHEREAS it has of late been the practice of the negroes upon some estates in this Island to absent themselves in gangs from the service of their mailers, owners, or renters, to the evil example of others and the terror and danger of the inhabitants of this Island; be it therefore enacted by His Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Captain-general and Governor in Chief of His Majesty's Island of Tobago, and the Council and General Assembly of the fame; and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That from and after the publication of this A d if any slave or slaves shall absent themselves without tickets, or run away in any number or gang amounting to two or more, from any plantation to which such slaves belong, or if not belonging to a plantation shall absent them, selves without tickets, or run away from their mailers, owners, or renters, in gangs amounting to two or more, for any space of time whatever, one or more of the said slaves, such as shall appear to be ringleaders and the greatest offenders, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as the persons appointed to try slaves under and by virtue of an Act, intituled An Act for the good order and government of Slaves; and for repealing an Act of this Island, intituled " An Act for the good order and government of Slaves, and for keeping them under proper restraint, for establishing the method of trial in capital cases, and other regulations for the greater security of that part of the inhabitants property," shall direct; and the remainder of such slaves shall suffer such whipping or other punishment as such persons shall think proper to order.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any slave or slaves offending against this Act shall be subject and liable to be apprehended and tried in the same manner, and in the fame court of justices and freeholders, as slaves are made subject and liable to be apprehended and tried under and by virtue of the above recited Act.

(18.) X And

TOBAGO.

( «a )

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to the provost marshal, or his lawful deputy, four shillings and sixpence currency for each, and no more, for receiving into and letting out of gaol any slave or slaves committed by virtue of this Act.

Alexander , Speaker*

Passed the House of Assembly this twenty-eighth day of October one thousand eight hundred and seven.

Neil Clerk of the Assembly.

Passed the Council this fourth day of November one thousand eight hundred and seven.

Hally Clerk of the Council.

Assented to November the sixth one thousand eight hundred and seven.

W Toungy Governor.

Proclaimed this ninth day of November one thousand eight hundred and (even.

W. , Dep. Pro. Marshal.

No. 27-

Ak ACT to amend an Act, intituled " An Act to prevent the clandestine departure of Persons from the Island."

[29th April 1814.]

WHEREAS great inconvenience has arisen from persons underwriting others whose names are set up in the secretary’s office previously to their leaving the Island by virtue of an Act, intituled " An Act to prevent the clandestine departure of Persons from the Islandfor remedy whereof, be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by His Majesty's most loyal and dutiful subjects, his Excellency Sir William Young, Baronet, Captain-general and Governor in Chief in and over His Majesty's Island of Tobago, the Council and General Assembly of the said Island$ and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person underwriting another whose name is set up in the secretary’s office shall, previously to underwriting, make a positive affidavit of the debt due to him by the person he is about to underwrite before one of the justices of the court of Common Pleas, and lodge the fame in the secretary's officej and without such affidavit no underwriting shall prevent the secretary from issuing a ticket to a person setting up his name, as is dircded by the said recited Act; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the secretary of the Island shall publish in the Gazette of this Island every week the names of persons putting up their names to depart the Island; and also shall publish the date of his issuing tickets, whether taken out by complying with the setting up of the name for fourteen days, or upon giving security: Provided always, that it shall not be necessary to publish any name more than once, and the secretary shall be at liberty to charge therefor the sum of one shilling and sixpence currency; and in case of neglect, the secretary shall be liable to an action of damages at the suit of any person proving himself or herself endamaged by such neglect.

James M. Colliery Speaker.

Passed the House of Assembly this twenty-ninth day of April one thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

James Willcock, Clerk of General Assembly.

John Balfour. President.

Passed

( 8S )

Passed the Council the twenty-ninth day of April one thousand eight hundred TOBAGO, and fourteen.

Samuel Hally Clerk of Council.

Tobago, Council Chamber, April twenty-ninth one thousand eight hundred and fourteen. Assent given, W. T&ung, Governor.

Tobago, 30th April one thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and duly published this thirtieth April one thousand eight huhdfed and fourteen.

Gideon Gilman, D. P. Marshal.

No. 28.

An ACT to compel persons manumitting Slaves in this I Hand to provide for their support, and to restrict Manumission of Slaves belonging to other Islands.

[19 October 1814.]

WHEREAS many slaves have been manumitted by their owners without any provision being made for their support, by reason whereof they have become subject to want, and burthensome to the public, and slaves belonging to other Islands have been manumitted here, in abuse of the regulations existing in such Islands; for remedy thereof, be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained by His Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, his Excellency Sir William Young, Baronet, Captain-general and Governor in Chief in and over the Island of Tobago and its dependencies, the Council and General Assembly of the fame, That from and after the publication of this Act no manumission whatever shall be deemed valid for the purpose of manumitting any slave whatever, and entitling him or her to the privileges of free subjects, unless the public treasurer’s receipt be indorsed upon such manumission for the sum of one hundred pounds currency, which shall be paid into the public treasury of the Island by the owner of the slave intended to be manumitted, or by some person in his or her behalf; and every manumission, with the treasurer’s receipt endorsed upon the back of it, shall be recorded in the secretary’s office of this Island, before the person manumitted shall be entitled to receive the dividends herein after provided; and the person so manumitted, and whose manumission with the treasurer’s receipt shall have been recorded, shall be entitled to receive from the public treasurer, who is hereby directed to pay such person the sum of eight pounds currency per annum, in equal half-yearly payments, except as is herein after excepted, for and during the term of his or her natural life, to be computed from the date of the treasurer’s receipt, and after such person’s decease the sum paid into the public treasury shall be and remain for the public uses of the colony.

And be it and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no manu-mission under and by virtue of the last will and testament of any person whatever shall take effect for the purpose of manumitting the person left free by such last will and testament, until the sum of one hundred pounds currency be paid into the public treasury of this Island; and the person so manumitted by will, and whose receipt from the public treasurer shall be duly recorded, shall be entitled to the fame dividend, and payable in like manner as is ordered in the former clause of this Act; and the sum for which the receipt is given shall, after the decease of the person left free, remain in like manner to the public uses of the colony.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no manumiffioif of a slave or slaves belonging to other Islands shall be proved or recorded without the receipt required being thereon indorsed; and the secretary of the Island is hereby required not to record any such manumission without such receipt, under the penalty of one hundred pounds currency.

And

[Preamble.]

Clause 1 ft.

No manumission shall be deemed valid unless the public treasurer’s receipt be indorsed upon it for iool.

Every such manumission to be recorded in the secretaries office.

Every person having such manumission entitled to 81. per annum during natural life.

At decease sum paid shall remain for public uses of the colony.

Clause 2d.

No manumission under last will and testament to take effetl until tool, is paid into treasury. Person so manumitted, and receipt duly recorded, entitled to lame dividend as ordered in former clause.

Clause 3d. Manumission of slave or slaves belonging to other Islands shall be proved or recorded without receipt required being indorsed thereon.

( 84 )

TOBAGO.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no dividends shall be payable upon sums paid into the public treasury to give effect to manumissions

Clause 4th. of slaves belonging to other Islands, but the sum required by this Act to be paid

No dividend payable into the public treasury shall be applicable immediately to the public uses of the

mission of flam belonging to other lilanda, but furaa Co paid shall be applicable immediately to public use* of the colony.

Passed the House of Assembly the fourteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

(Signed) James , Clerk of General Assembly.

(Signed) Elp

Speaker of the House of General Assembly.

Passed the Council the fourteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

(Signed) Samuel Cose, Acting Clerk of the Council.

(Signed) John Balfour, President of the Council.

Tobago, nineteenth October one thousand eight hundred and fourteen; duly published this day.

(Signed) Gid. Gilman, Deputy Provost Marshal.

Tobago, at Government House, October seventeenth one thousand eight hundred and fourteen, on part of executive Government.

Assent given by (Signed) William Young, Governor.

---

( 85 )

COPIES AND EXTRACTS of CORRESPONDENCE

RESPECTING

SLAVES.

<Correspondence removed.>

COLONIAL LAWS

AND

CORRESPONDENCE

RESPECTING

SLAVES.

Ordered to be printed 16th February 1817.

