SLAVES.

PAPERS

PRESENTED PURSUANT TO ADDRESS;

VIZ

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES

For Registry of Slaves.

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to be Printed, 27 February 1823.

SLAVE REGISTRY ACTS.

Return to an Address of the Honourable The House of Commons, dated the 5th of February 1823; - for,

Copies of all ACTS of the Colonial Legislatures, and also, of all Orders, Proclamations, or other Regulations, for establishing the Registration of Slaves in His Majesty’s Foreign Settlements, which have not been already laid before this House; also, for Copies of all Laws and Regulations for the protection, education, and benefit of Slaves, which were enacted by the Dutch Government of the Cape of Good Hope, and not repealed prior to the Colony's coming into the possession of His Majesty: — As far as the same relates to the Registration of Slaves.

LIST OF ACTS, &c. &c.

Bahamas, N° 1.

An Act to establish a Triennial Registry of Slaves in the Bahama Islands - p. 5

Barbadoes, N° 2.

A Supplemental Act, intituled, “An Act for more fully ascertaining the Slave Population of the Island of Barbadoes - p. 13

Bermudas, N° 3.

An Act for the complete Registration of Slaves in the Bermuda or Somers Islands - p. 16

Demerara and Essequibo, N° 4.

An Act to amend and confirm an Act made and passed in Demerara on the 18th day of March 1817, intituled, “An Act for the more effectually ascertaining the Slave Population of the United Colony of Demerara and Essequibo, and for other Purposes,” and further to extend and augment the Provisions of the same. - p. 21

Demerara and Essequibo, N° 5.

Proclamation published in the Colony of Demerara and Essequibo - p. 25

Dominica, N° 6.

An Act to extend the Time limited by the Act for the Registry of Slaves in this Island, and for indemnifying such Persons as may fail to make their Triennial Returns within the Time prescribed by that Act, and for other Purposes - p. 27

Grenada, N° 7.

An Act for continuing a Registry of Negroes and other Slaves in the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies. - p. 28

Grenada, N° 8.

An Act to continue an Act for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies, and certain other Acts for amending the same - p. 38

Grenada, N° 9.

An Act to amend an Act, intituled, "An Act for continuing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies.” p. 39

St. Christopher, N° 10.

An Act to remove any doubts which may exist at the time of making the first Triennial Return of Slaves for Registration under an Act of this Island, intituled, “An Act for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Saint Christopher - p. 41

St. Lucia, N° 11.

Proclamation published at St. Lucia - p. 42

St. Vincent, N° 12.

An Act to amend the Registry Act, and to provide more effectually for the taking of the Triennial Returns of Slaves - p. 43

Ceylon, N° 13.

Regulation for securing to certain Children, emancipated by the Proprietors of their Mothers, the full benefit of such Proprietors intentions, and for establishing an efficient registry of all Slaves, and abolishing the joint Tenure of Property in the same - p. 45

Cape of Good Hope, N° 14.

Proclamation, directing a general Registry of Slaves - p. 59.

Colonial Department,

Downing Street,

27th February 1823.

R.J. WILMOT.

[ 5 ]

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

For Registry of Slaves.

Bahama Islands, No. 1.

AN ACT to establish a Triennial Registration of Slaves, in the Bahama Islands.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a triennial return of all the Slaves in these islands should be made, from time to time, for the purpose of ascertaining the number, and identifying the persons of such Slaves, and their progressive increase and decrease; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; And be it Enacted, by His Excellency Lewis Grant, esq, major-general of Your Majesty's forces, captain-general and governor in chief, the Council and Assembly of the Bahama Islands, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That on the first day of January next, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, or within three calendar months afterwards,

[Holders of salves to make attested Returns thereof on the 1st of January 1822.]

all slave-holders on these islands shall make or cause to be made a full and complete return of the number of the slaves to them actually belonging, or in their possession or charge on the said first day of January next; which return shall state the name or names of the owners of such slaves; and also, in distinct columns, the number, name, sex, age and colour, to wit, whether black, or mulatto; and place of employment at the time of the return, as nearly as the same can be ascertained, of each slave; and shall also state whether each slave is a native of Africa, or a Creole: Provided always, that all slaves, not being actually natives of Africa, shall be deemed and taken to be Creoles within the intent and meaning of this act: And provided also, that all slaves removed any degree whatever from the black ancestor shall be deemed and taken to be mulattoes; which return shall be, as nearly as the several cases may admit of, according to the form of a return or schedule to this act annexed, marked with the letter A;

[According to form of schedule (A).]

---

and upon the said return, or annexed thereto, there shall be mi affidavit of the person making the same, that the same is a full, perfect and faithful return, to the best of the deponent's knowledge and belief, of all the slaves belonging to the proprietor or proprietors therein named, within or appertaining to these islands, on the first day of January aforesaid j which affidavit shall be sworn to before the registrar or his deputy, to he appointed by virtue of this act, or before some judge or justice of the peace, and with such judge or justice of the peace deposited and left, to be dealt with as hereinafter directed; and if any person or persons shall make ami swear to any such return as aforesaid, or other return hereinafter provided for by this act, knowing such return to be false, or in any manner substantially incorrect,*either by including more or less than the number of slaves which ought to be included in such returns, or otherwise, such person or persons'&u^Vending, shall, on conviction thereof on indictment in due course of law, incur all the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury.

2d. And be it further enacted, that if any person or persons who Is, or ore, or shall be liable and required by this act, to make a return of a slave or slaves, shall omit or neglect so to do within the time directed or allowed for the same, whereby any slave or slaves shall be omitted to be duly returned in the first return, or any subsequent triennial return, pursuant to this act, any person so offending shall for each and every slave who ought to have been returned, and of whom no return has been made, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling money of Great Britain; which penalty shall be recovered by action of debt in the general court of these islands, and when recovered shall be applied, one half to the prosecutor, and the other-half to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards the support of the government of these islands, and the contingent charges thereof.

68. a 3 3d.

Penalty on false swearing.

Penalty/or omitting to maktretum*.

6

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

Record of recovery of penalty admitted to maintain an information filed by the attorney-general.

Mode of proceeding to rectify an oinif-fton or irregularity in a return.

Expenses attending the rectifying any return to be paid by the party.

The return of registered Have* who may have lefr, &c. this colony without leave, See. not to be considered an illegal importation.

3d. And be it further enacted, that upon judgment being recovered for such penalty, should an information be filed in the said general court by His Majesty’s attorney-general against the slave or slaves, for the omission of whose return such penalty shall have been recovered, as having been imported contrary to the abolition-law, the record of such judgment may be admitted and taken as prima facie evidence to maintain the said information in the said general court, and not elsewhere; and to every such information, so filed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons against whom the judgment for such penalty has been recovered, to take the defence in his her or their own name or names, or in the name or names of the person or persons for whom he she or they held possession of the slave or slaves left unreturned us aforesaid, or for such person or persons for whom possession was held, their executors, administrators or assigns, to take the defence in his her or their own name or names, and to plead not guilty, and thereunder to prove that the slave or slaves included in the said information was not or were not imported into theso islands from some foreign port or place contrary to the abolition-laws.

4th. And whereas it may happen that omissions or irregularities may Occur in respect to the return by this act required, through accident or unavoidable impediment, and it is deemed expedient that such returns should, under certain circumstances, be amended; be it therefore further enacted, that if atiy person or persons required to mako a return of a slave or slaves under this act, or any person or persons for whose account or interest a return of any slave or slaves ought to have been made, shall apply by petition to the governor or commander in chief for the time being, and make it appear to his satisfaction that the non-delivery of any such return, or any omission or irregularity therein, if any return shall have been delivered, has arisen from accident, or some unavoidable impediment, or from some other cause which may appear to him a satisfactory ground for complying with the request of the party to have such omission or irregularity rectified, and tliut the same has not arisen from any wilful delay or default, and that the said application to the governor or commander in chief was so made within six months next after such omission or irregularity laid bccomo known to the party so applying, the said governor or commander m qliiof may make an order in writing, subscribed by him, and addressed to the registrar to be appointed by virtue of this act, or his lawful deputy, commanding him to receive such omitted return or amended return, as the case may be, and to keep the same, together with the said ordor to him addressed, ns a record in Ins office; and the said registrar shall register the same in his said office, and transmit without delay a copy of such omitted or amended return, and also a copy of the said order, to the proper officer in Great Britain, established for the general registration of West India slaves, with a certificate, under oath, thereto annexed of the correctness of the said copy: Provided always, that all expenses of receiving and recording such omitted or amended return, and tljp order for receiving the same, shall be paid by the parly applying for and obtaining ouch order, to the respective officers entitled to the same, at the same rates hereafter established for such proceedings in the first instance.

5th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that in all cases where any omission or irregularity has been certified as aforesaid, according to the powers hereinbefore given in such respects, any party against whom any prosecution shall be pending for a forfeiture on account of such omission or irregularity, when judgment shall not have been actually signed, may apply to the general court of these islands, and such court shall and may make" an order for the staying or discontinuing or vacating such proceedings, upon payment of costs.

6th. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid; that when any slave or slaves, whether African or otherwise, belonging to these islands, and being duly registered according to the provisions of this act, or any future act for the registration of slaves in this colony, shall, without the privity, knowledge or consent of his her or their owner or owners, pr of the person or persons actually in charge of such slave or slaves within the said islands,- escape, or be removed from any part or place within the same, or from any British ship or vessel on board of which such slave or slaves shall lawfully be, or be employed, wheresoever the said ship or vessel shall or may be; or any such registered slave or slaves, being at sea, shall be shipwrecked or cast away, captured as prize of war, except after judicial condemnation,

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES. 7

to the enemy, or otherwise seized and detained, or transported by force or fraud beyond the limits of this government, the return of such slave or slaves to any port or place within these islands, at any time thereafter, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, shall not therefore, on any account, or for any purpose or purposes whatsoever, be considered, deemed or taken as an unlawful importation of the same, and such slave or slaves shall be restored to his her or their owner or owners, provided, that the return of such slave or slaves within six months after such return of said slave or slaves shall be known to the owner or owners of such slave or slaves, or to his her or their attorney or attornies, agent or agents, or the like respectively within these islands, shall he reported, together with the causes and circumstances of the absence, capture, shipwreck,- seizure, desertion and return of such slave or slaves, under oath to the registrar of slaves, or his lawful deputy, at his office in Nassau, in the Island of New Providence.

7th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the several duty on

judges and justices to whom any return or returns shall be delivered as aforesaid, receipt of rttumi. shall give to each person so making a return, a receipt for the same, stating the date of the return, and the number of slaves returned; and within three calendar months, to be computed from the end of the three months limited for the original making of said returns, deliver the same, or cause them to be delivered, to the registrar of slaves to be appointed by virtue of this act for the time being, who shall hold his office at the Town of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, or to his lawful deputy, at his said office, accompanied with a schedule or list of the returns so delivered in, and a certificate, that the same comprise the whole of the return to them made as aforesaid, without addition, subtraction, or alteration of any kind; and there shall be paid to Uie said magistrates, as their fee, on administering Fee*, the oath annexed to the said return, the sum of one shilling for each of the first eight slaves, or any less number comprised in the said return,* and in all cases where the number exceed eight, it shall and may be lawful for the said magistrate to ask and receive the sum of twelve shillings, and no more; which fees shall he paid by the jiarty or parties making such return. And every judge or justice of Penalty on refining the peace refusing to receive any return, or otherwise making default herein, shall toreceweany return, be of u misdemeanor, and liable to prosecution by indictment or information according io law; provided, however, that in all such prosecutions, it shall be competent for the defendant, in defeasance of Uie same, to give evidence to the jury of any unavoidable cause that may have prevented the due delivery of the said return ns aforesaid.

8th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that on the receipt Keijirtrar'* duly <m of the said returns from the said judges or justices of the peace as aforesaid, it rcccim of return*, shall be the duty of the registrar, or his lawful deputy, to cause the same to be copied, verbatim, in a book to be provided by him for the purpose; ami the originals to be numbered, lettered, or otherwise arranged, for the greater facility of reference thereunto; and to the said book there shall be a complete index of the names of Uie owners of slaves, and of persons making returns on their behalf, and also a general schedule of the whole slave population of the colony, agreeable to the returns aforesaid. And the registrar, or his deputy ns aforesaid, shall prepare, with all convenient despatch, e. copy of the said registry, and of the said schedule and index aforesaid, und transmit the same forthwith to the proper officer in Great Britain, established for the general registration of West India slaves, with a certificate, under oath thereto annexed, of the correctness of the said copy.

9th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that on the first day ir. every third year, of January in every third year from and after the said first-day of January in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, or within three calendar months t,rnj 'to j,e agn}n afterwards, so long as this act shall be, or he continued in force, the slave-holders, made, as aforesaid, within these islands as aforesaid, shall make like veturps, under oath, as those hereinbefore described, of the several slaves to them belonging, or in their possession or charge, being on the first day of January respectively, in every third year^s-aforesaid, Under the same penalties its aforesaid for default of making the required return, or of falsehood and incorrectness therein; and after the expiration of three calendar months last hereinbefore limited for the muking. the1 said returns, it shall be the duty of the judges; and justices of the peace ns aforesaid, within the f three calendar months immediately subsequent, to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the said registrar, or his lawful deputy, at Ins office in Nassau, as aforesaid, all

8 ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

According to form of Schedule (B.)

Penalty on falU* swearing.

Oath of office of registrar.

Regiilmr togive bond in the Aim of 2,000l.

Condition of bond.

the last-mentioned returns then made as aforesaid, in the same form, and under the same pains and penalties for refusing to receive returns, or other default hereinbefore provided in the case of the returns to be made in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two; and to every return subsequent to those of the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, there shall be added, in an additional and distinct column, an entry opposite to the name of each slave which shall have been acquired by the proprietor or proprietors aforesaid within the last preceding three years, stating whether the acquisition was by birth, gift, purchase, inheritance, bequest, or the like, and the name or names of the donor or donors, or of the person or persons from whom the slave may have been purchased, or of the deceased person or persons from whom the same was or were inherited, or by whom the same was or were bequeathed; which return, with the additional column as aforesaid, shall be, as nearly as the several cases may admit of, according to the form of a return or schedule to this act annexed, marked with the letter B: and to each of the said last-mentioned returns or schedules there shall also be added a supplementary schedule, setting forth the name, sex, colour, and whether African or Creole, as near as the same can be ascertained, of each and every slave which had been included in the last previous return of the same proprietor or proprietors, or which may have been in any way or manner disposed of, or which shall have died or run away, or which shall have been manumitted, sold under execution, or otherwise, or in any manner aliened by gift or otherwise, by the proprietor or proprietors aforesaid, during the three years immediately preceding; and the year in which such death, desertion, levy under execution, sale, gift or other alienation took place; and in case of a sale or alienation, other than that under an execution, there shall be further set forth, in the said supplementary schedule, the name or names of the actual purchaser or purchasers, donor or donors, grantee or grantees; and each of the said last-mentioned triennial returns, including the aforesaid additional column, concerning recently-acquired slaves, and the aforesaid supplementary schedule concerning the recent diminution of the numbeV of slaves, shall constitute one entire return, and sworn to as such, in manner and form above mentioned, by the person or persons snaking the same, by an affidavit in writing, to be indorsed on or annexed to the said return, as hereinbefore provided for in the case of original returns; and if any person or persons shall make and swear to any return, as last aforesaid, knowing the same in any manner substantially imperfect, false, or incorrect, every such person so offending shall he liublo to the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury.

loth. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the said registrar, ns well as any deputy registrar, which he may, with the approbation of the governor or commander in chief for the time being, appoint to act in his place, before ho or they shall enter upon the duties of that office, take and subscribe the following oath: —“ I, do solemnly swear, that I will faithfully perform the duties of

“ registrar [or, deputy registrar, as the case may be,] of slaves in this colony, to the “ best of my judgment; that I will, to the utmost of my power, endeavour to keep “ in safety and preservation all records, books, and other documents and papers “ given to mo in charge, and conform to all rules and regulations provided by law “ for my office.0 Which affidavit shall be taken before his excellency the governor or commander in chief for the time being.

nth. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that before any registrar of slaves shall enter upon the duties of his office, and once at leastin every three years thereafter, he shall enter into a bond, with two sufficient sureties, binding his and their heirs, executors and administrators, in the sum of two thousand pounds of.lawful money of these islands, payable to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, which sureties shall be approved by his excelled' y the governor or commander in chief; and the condition of the said bond shall be is, that if the said registrar, by himself or his lawful deputy, shall duly, fully, faithfully and diligently perform the duties of the office of registrar, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and of such other act or acts of assembly as may be hereafter passed touching the duties of the said office, the obligation of the said bond shall be void; which bond shall and may be put in suit, not only on the behalf of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to recover the amount of any fine or penalties which the said registrar or his deputy may incur, in pursuance of this or any other act touching the registration of slaves as aforesaid; but also in the name of His Majesty, and at the instance and on the behalf and for the benefit of any person or persons whatsoever,

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES. 9

who shall sustain any damage or injury by reason of the neglect or misconduct of the said registrar, or his deputy, in the exercise of his office,* the amount of such damage to be ascertained by verdict of a jury, according to the usual course of law.

12. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, the better to ascertain who shall be liable to make and swear to the several returns hereinbefore mentioned, that when the proprietor or proprietors of any slave or slaves within this government shall reside within these islands, and be of full age, and not under any legal disability or natural incapacity, it shall be the duty of such proprietor or proprietors to make the said returns and affidavits j when any such proprietor or proprietors shall be under age, lunatic, or the like, or being married women, with personal property separate from that of their husbands, it shall be the duty of the guardian or guardians of such infant and infants, lunatic and lunatics, if any such be lawfully appointed, and the husbands respectively of such married women, such guardian and guardians, and husbands, being resident as aforesaid, to make such returns and affidavits; but in all cases where the proprietor or proprietors shall not be resident as aforesaid, or being so resident shall be incapacitated as aforesaid, and ho she or they have no lawfully appointed guardian or guardians, or if the said guardian or guardians, or the husbands of such married women as aforesaid, shall not be resident as aforesaid, or the said husbands shall live separately from their wives, then and in all and every such case or cases the persons having the actual possession or charge of such slave or slaves within these islands shall be liable to make and swear to the suitl returns j and the said returns, by whomsoever made, shall contain not only the number and description as aforesaid of all slaves actually in possession of the' proprietors thereof, or their agent or representatives, but also of all the slaves at sea, or who shall have run away; provided, however, that if such runaways shall ho absent for the space of three successive years from the service of the owners, it shall be uo longer necessary to report them as aforesaid until after their actual return.

13th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that whenever any slave or slaves shall be mortgaged, or any property or interest therein pledged, assigned, or the like, by judgment at law, or otherwise, in the way of security for the payment of money,-or the like, the party in possession of all such slaves, either by themselves or others, shall be considered as the actual proprietor of the same for all the purposes in this act expressed touching the due return of the same; provided however, that when slaves shall be hired by the year or otherwise, the person hiring or employing the same, shall not be liable to make the returns and affidavits required by this act with respect to such hired slaves, unless when the actual proprietor shull be non-resident on these islands, and shall have no agent or attorney within the same.j or, being resident and incapacitated, shall not nuve guardians or the like within - the limits of the same.

14th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that to enable the proprietors of slaves that are sailors to employ them the more speedily in their vocation, and also to facilitate the removal of slaves to other British colonies, it shall and may he lawful for any proprietor or proprietors of slaves, by themselves, or by his her or their certain agents, attornies, or other lawful representatives, to make a return in the form first above specified, of his her or their slaves, at any day after the passing of this act, and before the first day of January next as aforesaid, verified by affidavit as above required; which said return shall be forthwith registered in a hook to be kept for that purpose by the registrar to be appointed by virtue of this act, or his deputy, as aforesaid, in the same manner and form as is hereinbefore directed icon-cerning the registering of returns of slaves on the said first day of January next, or within three months thereafter; provided, however, that all slaves so registered as last aforesaid, between the passing of this act and the said first day of January next, and remaining in this colony, or appertaining thereto on that day, shall be then, or \vitjhin three months thereafter, again returned by those holding the same, in manner and form, and under the same penalties and forfeitures, as is hereinbefore provided concerning the general return of slaves.

15th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that for all searches, copies, or the like, touching the registry.of slaves, the registrar to be appointed by virtue of this act shall he entitled to the same fees as those established for similar services in the office of the secretary of the colony in similar cases $ and for a cer-

68. B lificalc

1

Who liable to make returns.

In cases of mortgage,

Sec.

Immediate returns may be made by persons intending to re. move their slaves, See.

Returns to be recorded.

Registrar'a fees and duty.

10

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

Penalties in neglect of duty.

After 1st July .1022, no deed or conveyance of any unregif-tered Have to be valid.

Proviso.

Registry-office to be kept in Nadau.

Governor to appoint a registrar.

Registrar ineligible as a member of assembly.

Duty of the collectors of the customs.

tificate of the registry of any slave or slaves the sum of four shillings, for each and? every certificate \ which certificate shall be in full force, and not required to be. renewed until after the next registration of such slave or slaves; provided, however* nothing in this act be so construed as to require a separate certificate of the registry of each slave, unless at the request of the proprietor or proprietors, guardians, attornies, or the like; and the said registrar, appointed as aforesaid, or his lawful deputy, shall give duo attendance at his office in Nassau aforesaid, from mine o’clock in the'forenoon until two o’clock in the afternoon, every day in the week, except Sunday; *a,nd should the said registrar, or his. lawful deputy, at any time neglect or refuse, on any pretence whatsoever, to receive any periodical:or other reUmidri or by. this act directed; or in any manner authorized or required, or after receiving;,the same shall neglect forthwith to register the same, according to the true intent and rpeaning of this act* or shall make any additions to any return, or erasures or other, alterations therein, or knowingly suffer such additions, erasures or other alterations, therein to be made by-others, or shall not.use due diligence in the safe keeping and preservation of all books and papers in his charge touching the registration of slaves by this act contemplated; or shall neglect in due season to transmit to the office for the general registry of West India slaves in Great Britain, a full, true, complete and perfect copy from time to time of the said register in his office, as by this act he is hereinbefore required, the said registrar, or his deputy,.herein.offending shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and become liable to be prosecuted therefor by indictment or information in the general court of these islands; and on conviction shall for each offence be fined not less than one hundred pounds, nor nipre than one thousand pounds, and be imprisoned not less than one calendar month, nor more than six months: provided always, thut.nothing in this act contained shall prevent or preclude any party or parties who shall or may sustain any private injury from such misconduct of the said registrar or his deputy, from having and maintaining also a civil suit against the said registrar and his deputy, or either of them, at his her or their option, for the recovery of suitable damages at law, by action on the case, or otherwise, as such parties prosecuting may think proper.

16th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that from* and after the first day of July, which will bo'in the yoi\r ot our Lord ope thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and thereafter during >the continuance of this act, no bargain or sale, assignment, mortgage by way of assignment, or other conveyance of any slave or slaves, whether by deed, parol, or otherwise, shall be good, valid, or binding in law, but on the contrary shall be«null and« void to mil intents and purposes, unless at the time of such bargain, Salo, assignment, mortgage or other conveyance, such slave-or slaves shall be.duly registered according to the true intent and meaning of this, act; provided, however, thnt this.clause, or any tiling therein contained, shall not affect donations causa mortis, bequests*by written or nuncupative wills, or sales of slaves taken in execution, and sold in pursuance thereof by the proper officer according to laws any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

17th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the passing of thismet thero shall be (established1 and kept;in* the town of Nassau, in the island of New Brovidencci an office of public rogistry for the registration (of the names and descriptions-of all slaves within tho, Bahama islands, and-who shall be respectively returned for registration as heroinbeiore directed and required.; and that it shall and may be lawful for his excellency-the governor, pr commander in chief for the time being,- by letters patent under the great seal of the IJahapia Islands,1 to mppoint, during pleasure, a fit and proper person from time to time to discharge the duties annexed to the said office.

18th. And“be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid,* that no person (holding the *office of registrar under and-by virtue of this act, and no deputy of such.registrar, shall be*capable-of. being elected, or serving as a member of the house of assembly of these.islands during the continuance of such person in the said-office of registrar,

19th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the collectors or acting collectors of the customs in these islands respectively, shall-once in every six months after the passing of this act return to the registrar, or his lawful deputy, a copy or copies of the clearance or clearances, of all slaves who in the course, of the

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES. 11

preceding six months shall have been exported from these islands, with the name or names or the person or persons licensed to export such slave or slaves; and that the said collectors or acting collectors shall on the clearing out of all such slaves be entitled to demand and receive from the exporter or exporters of all such slaves the sum of sixpence currency, and no more, for each slave so exported; and it shall be the duty of the said registrar or his deputy to enter the name or names of such exported slave or slaves, and also the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, in the book or books kept by him for entering returns of slaves within these islands; and to transmit copies of such entries to the office for the general registration of West India slaves in Great Britain, at the same time or times a return or returns of registered slaves shall be transmitted by him to the said office.

20th. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the registrar to Reg!ftm’sfit!aty,&c. be appointed by virtue of this act shall have and receive a salary of two hundred pounds per annum during the continuance of this act, to be paid quarterly out of the How paid, public treasury, in lieu of all charges and fees against the public of these islands, for office-rent; and all copies of the returns made by him to be transmitted to the offico for the general registration of West India slaves established in Great Britain, except stationery and books, for which he shall be allowed the sum of thirty pounds for each triennial registration. And the governor, or commander in chief for the time being, by and with the consent of the council, is hereby authorized to grant his warrants for the said salary and allowance aforesaid.

21. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall con- Duration, tinue and he in force from and after the passing thereof until the first day of January which will he in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, and no longer.

Passed the House of Assembly 26th March 1821.

(signed) L. JCerr, Speaker.

Passed the Legislative Council the 4U1 of April 1821.

(signed) JVm. Vesey Munnings, President.

Assented to this 6th day of April 1821.

(signed) Zswis Grant.

A true copy from the original Act.

(signed) C, R. Nesbitt, Dopy Seer.

(A.)

Bahama Islands.—RETtJItil of Eight Slaves, the property of A. 8. of the Island of C. Siq.

tho lstday of January x8aa.

Age. Place of Employment Whether

a £ NAME. SEX. Colour. at the Time of the Return. African or Creole.

1. George - male , - 40 block New Providence Creole.

2. Mary“ - female - 27 mulatto - New Providence Creole.

3. Quaco - male 39 black - St. Salvador African.

4- Cttsar - male 35 black - St. Salvador Creole.

5. e. Juba male 23 black - St. Salvador Creole.

6. Rose female - 34 mulatto St, Salvador Creole.

7. Fanny - female - 16 mulatto - New Providence Creole.

8. Frank - male 30 black at sea - Creole.

A. B. of the Island of C. Esq. being duly sworn, saith, That the above is a full, perfect and faithful Return, to the best of this Deponent’s knowledge and belief, of all the Slaves to him belonging, within or appertaining to these Islands, on the 1st day of January last past.

Sworn to, this day of 1822,

before me, D. E. J. P.

(signed) A. J3.

68.

12

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

Form of an Affidavit by Attorney, &c.:

G. H. Attorney [Agent, Guardian, &c. as the case may be] of A. B. of the Island of C. Esq. being duly sworn, saitn, That the above is a full, perfect and faithful Return, to the best of this Deponent's knowledge and belief, of all the Slaves thn property of the said A. B. within or appertaining to these Islands, on the ist day of January last past.

Sworn to, this day of 18

before me

N. B,—When required, the form of the Affidavit will be altered to suit the truth of each particular case.

(B.)

Bahama Islands.—RETURN of Eight Slaves, the property of A. B. of the Island of C. Esq.

the ist day of January 1825.

Jf s a fe NAME. SEX. Age. Colour. Place of Employ- 1 Whether mciu at the , African or Time of Return, j Creole. If recently acquired, &c.

1. Qttaco - male 42 black - St. Salvador - African.

2. Juba - male . 26 black - St. Salvador - 1 Creole.

3. Fanny - female - *9 mulatto Now Providence Creole.

4. Frank - male 33 black - at sea . - Creole.

5. Jane female - 24 black - St. Salvador -: Creole bought of J. P. 1822.

6. Tom - male 30 mulatto St. Salvador - J Creole a gilt from 0. P, 1822.

7, Philip - male 1 mulatto. New Providence Creole born 1823.

* John , mala G months mulatto New Providence Creole 1 born 1823.

SCHEDULE of Four Sluves, the property of the said A.B. within the last three years,

and not included in the above Return.

4 . h! «> B £ NAME. SEX. Colour. Whether African or Ctcole. Hour disposed of, &c.

1. George - male black Creole - died 1822.

2. Mary female - mulatto - Creole - sold to M.N. 1823.

3- Ctcsar - . mule black Creole - died 1823.

4- Rose female - mulatto - Creole - manumitted 1824.

A. B, of the Island of C. Esq. being duly sworn, saith, That the above contains a full, perfect and faithful Return and Schedule, to the best of this Deponent's knowledge and belief, of nil the Slaves to him belonging, being in number Eight, within or appertaining to these Islands, on the 1st day of January last past, and if the Increase and Diminution of his Slaves within the same, during the three preceding yearn.

Sworn to, this day of

before mo, C. F. J. P.

l8*5’} (signed) A. B.

N. B.—When required, the form of the Affidavit will be altered to suit the truth of each particular case,

Barbadoes

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

13

*3

Barbadoes, N* 2.

“A Supplemental Act to an Act intituled “An Act for more fully ascertaining the Slave Population of the Island of Barbadoes.”

WHEREAS it is necessary to provide for the responsibility of the person who Preamble, may from time to time be appointed to execute the office of registrar of slaves in this colony, and to describe particularly the forms for the triennial returns under the above-mentioned act, to establish more effectual sanctions for the said law, mid to relieve persons who have, without any intention to commit any breach thereof, and from causes wholly uncontrolled on their part, and which no human foresight or wisdom could anticipate or prevent, omitted to return, or have been prevented from returning, lists or schedules of their slaves in the manner and at the time required in and by the above-mentioned act of this island, bearing date the ninth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and in many instances have made imperfect returns or schedules, and by such omissions the said persons have incurred, or may be considered to have incurred, the forfeitures and penalties imposed by the said act.

13c it therefore enacted, by the honourable John Brathwaiic Skccte, President of of His Majesty’s council, and commander in chief of this island, chancellor, ordinary, and vice-admiral of the same, the honourable the members of His Majesty’s council, and the general assembly of this island, and by the authority of the same,

That the registrar appointed by the governor or commander in chief' of this island for the time being, under and by virtue of the said before-mentioned act of the ninth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall within ten days after the passing of this act, take the following oath before such governor or commander in chief in council; that is to say, “ I, A. B. do solemnly promise and “ swear that I will not willingly or knowingly make, or permit or sufler to be made,

“ any false or fraudulent entry, erasure, or obliteration in the registry of slaves to be “ committed to my charge; but if any false or fraudulent act shall become known " to me, I will immediately give notice thereof to the governor or commander in “ chief of this island for the time being, nnd will in all respects faithfully and “ uprightly perform the duties of the office of registrar of slaves for this colony.

“ So help me God.” And shall also within the said ten days become bound by bond or recognizance to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, with two sufficient sureties to be approved of by the governor or commander in chiefj and council, himself in the penal sum of five hundred pounds, and his sureties each in the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds current money of this island, with condition for the faithful performance by him (the said registrar) of all the duties of his said office; and any new registrar who may be in like manner hereafter appointed under and by virtue of the said act shall take the same oath, and enter into the like security, before he ente in the execution of the said office.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the said registrar shall at the time of making up his books of registration enter and record, or cause to be entered and recorded therein, a list or schedule of all and every the slaves belonging to him, or in his possession, in the same manner and form as other persons are required and directed to make returns of their slaves; and in default thereof he shall incur and be subject and liable to the like forfeitures, pains, and penalties as are imposed on other persons for any neglect, omission, or default in returning proper lists or schedules of their slaves; and the said registrar, on delivering over t|ie duplicate books of registration to the governor or commander in chief of this island, as directed and required by the eleventh clause of the said herein mentioned act of the ninth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall, in addition to the oath in the said clause, appointed to be taken by him, take the following oath before the said governor, or commander in chief:—“ I, A. B. do “ swear that I have duly entered and recorded, or caused to be duly entered and “ recorded, in the books of registration, a true and exact list or schedule, according “ to the several particulars therein specified, of all the slaves now belonging to me,

“ or in my possession, according to the best of my knowledge, information, and “ belief. So help me God.”

68. b 3 3. And

CUulc 1.

The registrar appointed under the act of the Oth day of January 1817, thall within ten day* after the passing of this act take the oath herein-mentioned before the commander-in-chief in council.

The oath.

And/hall also within ten day* enter into bond, with two ture-tiet, himself in 500 /. and each surety in 250 /. for the faithful performance of hi* office.

Any person hereafter appointed to the office of registrar {ball take the fame oath, and enter into the like security.

Clause 2.

The registrar at the time of making up the book* of registration shall, under the like fine* as arc imposed on other perron*, enter or cause to be entered a schedule of all his slave*; and upon delivering the books to Hie commander-in-chief take the oath herein-mentioned, in addition to all other* required.

The oath.

H

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

Clause s. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if the said registrar

wwKgtobcmade shall wilfully make, or knowingly permit or Suffer to be made, any false or fraudu-

Clnufe 4.

All persons in the possession of slaves nt the next preceding return* in what capacity* fotver, shall deliver an account thereof- to the rtrgi-fthir in* the ninmier aftd form hcrC mcn-t toned.

any feifc entry in the lent entry in any of the accounts or abstracts directed by the said act of the upmt' convTc- dayof January one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to be made out, tion before a court of tliQ said registrar shall, upon conviction of any such offence, before any court of iT'o/1 and°bSranc^ sessions of Oyer and Terminer, &c. for this island, forfeit and pay a sum not Coned not excec’sing exceeding the sum-of five hundred pounds, and be imprisoned, not exceeding two two years. years# in the common gaol of this island; and if any deputy, assistant, or clerk of the

And any deputy or said-registrar, shall commit, or knowingly permit or suffer to he committed, any such any of “!?'offences °$?nces as aforesaid', ho shall upon conviction thereof forfeit and pay a sum not herein, shall forfeit exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, and be imprisoned not exceeding two toned nof exceeding Pll^‘ And if anypersen or persons shall wilfblly make, or cause or procure to be two years. s made* any false or fraudulent entry in the suid accounts or abstracts, or shall And any person wil- fraudulently erase, obliterate, or alter, or cause or procure to be erased, obliterated, curin"^tonfo°^ made 01 Q^cre(^» nny ent,y which shall have been made in the said accounts or abstracts, any fraudulent entry every, such person or persons so offending shall* upon conviction thereof as aforesaid, in the accounts, or forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds* and he face any ent^made imprisoned for any tfime not exceeding the period of two years, therein, shall upon conviction forfeit 500l. and be imprisoned not exceeding two years.

And for the lnoV6 folly ascertaining the manner and form- in which all lists and schedules required after-the first general return, under and by virtue of the third clauso-of the said above-mentioned act, shall be mado and returned; be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, thatevery person resident in this island, who shall be in possession, or-shall have been in possession* at the next preceding return of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, sequestrator, trustee, or receiver, attorney, executor, or administrator, or whatever his or her title, trust, or interest in such slave or slaves may be, shall make and deliver ("upon oath) to the registrar of slaves for the time being, an account or schedule in writing, by him or her subscribed, containing a true and particular account of all births and deaths of slaves belonging to-the person or persons on whose behalf such return, is made within the three years next preceding, since the last returns wore made, and also an account of vJl deductions Rom or additions to the former stock of slaves belonging to such person or ersons within the same period, whether the same shall have happened by desertion, sale, or other transfer of property, or enfranchisement, or by the return of the fugitive slaves, or by purchase, or succession, or any lawful acquisition within this island, or by any lawful importation; and that in all cases of increase by birth, the sex, colour, age, and country shall be specified respectively opposite to the name of the child born; and in cases of decrease by death, the sex, colour, age, and country shall likewise be specified respectively opposite-to the name of the slave so returned dead; and in caso of purchase or other acquisition', or of sale, or other transfer, or manumission of slaves formerly registered, the name, sex, colour, age, and country, of such newly purchased or acquired, transferred, sold, or manumitted slave, and the name of his or her former owner or owners, shall also be set forth at large in such triennial return; and such returns .-shall also contain the'total number of slaves Which did belong to' the person on whose behalf the said return is made at the time of the next-preceding return, and contained therein, and the total numbeiy according to;the returhthenmade; and every such return shall he made according to the form or example contained in the schedule to this act annexed, to which all persons are required, so; far as may be found practicable, to conform; but when there has been no alteration since the-last return in the number or description of the slaves belonging to the person by or for whom the return is made, it shall be sufficient to state the whole number of slaves, and to add, *no alteration required by law to be specified has taken place since the “ last return.”

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that every person making and delivering in any such schedule and return, shall, at the time of delivering, in the same to the registrar, take the following oath, which the said registrar is hereby empowered and required to administer, under the penalty of five hundred pounds current money of this island; that is to Say,—“ I, A. JB. do swear that the list or ft schedule now by me-given, in contains a true and exact account of all the births “ and deaths which have happened among the slaves belonging t;o me, or to the

Clause 5.

All persons upon making and delivering their schedules to the registrar shall take the oath here mentioned.

The oath.

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

*5

15

« owner or owners therein named (as the case; may he) during the last three years;, “ and of all other additions to or deductions from the said slaves, within the same* period, and of the whole number of slaves now actually belonging to me, or to “ the said owner or owners, as the case may be, to the best of my knowledge and “ belief. So help me God.’’

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that every person who shall have been in the possession in the next preceding return of any slave or slaves, and who shall, or whose attorney, executor, or administrator, shall omit to make a return of the decrease or disposal of any number on the whole of the said slaves so in his or her possession at the said next preceding return, as directed by clause the third of this act, he or she, or his or her attorney, executor, or administrator, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds for every such slave so neglected to be accounted for, one moiety thereof to be to the use of the informer, and the other mqiety to be paid into the treasury for the public use.

Clause 6.

AH perfom possesswl of slaves at the next preceding return, whofl»alin?glc& to regiftcrtlicCime, flail forfeit the furr. of 100l. currency, to the uses here mentioned.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that all such owners or chuse 7. possessors of slaves who have omitted to register the same, or to return full and proper lists or schedules, agreeably to the directions of the above-mentioned act, us also all such owners or possessors of slaves who shall hereafter omit to register their slaves, or to return full and proper lists or schedules, either agreeably to the directions of the said above-mentioned act, or of this present supplemental act, shall and they are hereby directed to apply to the governor or commander in chief of this island for the time being, and council, who are hereby empowered to order the admission and registration- of such slaves, or corrections of such-lists or schedules-by the said registrar; and the said governor, or commander-in-chief, und council, aro hereby fully authorized and empowered, where they shall sec just cause, to remit all such fmes penalties or forfeitures incurred, or that shall or may be considered as incurred, by such owner or owners for not having registered their said slaves, or for not having returned full and proper lists or schedules: provided always, that if any such slave or slaves so neglected to be registered shall be an African or Africans, such slave or slaves shall not be entitled to his her or their freedom, ns directed by the eighth clause of the ubuvc-menliuncd act, but such slave or slaves shall' be and become forfeited to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be disposed of in such manner as slaves forfeited under the laws of Great Britain for the abolition of the slave-trade, unless it shall be established within six months after the discovery of the omission, by good and sufficient evidence, before the said governor, or commander-in-chief of this island for the time being, and the members of His Majesty’s council, in council, that such African slave or sluves so omitted to be given in had been legally- imported; provided always, nevertheless, that nothing in this clause contained shall extend to affect the rights and interests of infants, mortgagees, or persons entitled in reversion or remainder, but every such mortgagee or mortgagees, or person or persons so entitled in reversion or remainder, shall and may take the immediate possession of every such African slave or slaves so omitted to be registered, and the person or persons making default in registering such African slave or slaves shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds currency for every slave ,eo omitted ,to be registered, one moiety thereof to he paid to the informer, and the other moiety into the public treasury of this island.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the said registrar is clause o. hereby authorized and empowered to grant, certificates of registry, under his hand Fo> every certificate and seal of office, for any slave or slaves about to be taken from the island, and (Von^the ffland fti\e for every certificate so granted he is authorized to demand and receive to his use registrar shall receive the sum of six shillings and three-pence, current money of this island, from the 0/t person or persons applying for the same.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that all and every the chuse o. fines, forfeitures and penalties, imposed by the herein-mentioned net, mid also) All penalties impo. this present supplemental act, shall be recovered by the said registrar, on cdniplainb n'emioned* to any justice of the peace, and the same proceeding shall be had thereon as in the recovered on the case of servants wages; and all and every the fines forfeitures and penalties 4or* ^rbeforcajiiftice posed on the said registrar by the said act, and this present supplemental actr of the peace, a» in the

Do, B . shall caf"e t*

wages.

Parted 5th December 1830.

16 ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

shall be sued for by His Majesty’s Attorney General, in the Court of Exchequer for this island established.

Read three times, and passed the Council unanimously, this seventh day of November one thousand eight hundred and twenty.

(signed) JVm. Husbands, Dy Clerk of the Coun1.

Read three times, and passed the General Assembly, nem. con. this fifteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and twenty.

(signed) John Mayers, Acting Clerk of the General Assembly.

J. B. SIvEETE.

Assented to by his Honour the President, on. the 5U1 December 1820.

(signed) JVm Husbands, Dr Sec*.

A true Copy from the Secretary’s oflice,- attested this 30th day of I)ccf 1820.

(signed) JVm Husbands, Dr Sccr.

The RETURN of A. B. of Slaves, (his own Property,) or the property of C. D. of which

A. B. is Manager.

CAUSE THEREOF, SEX.

Inctcmc. Recreate. Male. JJ j l

Number, per last Registration « too -

Birth - - I John -

Ditto - - St m *» 1 Jano -

Bo» of A. B. 1 - Tom -

2 1

Death - - I at John -

Sold to C. D. w I Polly -

Manumitted 1 m Jem -

Douth 1 Ann -

This day of

No. 2 2

Total Incrcnso Decrease

a

at

2

1

30

*9

l(i

20

50

a

j

d

black Bb<\

coW Ditto.

black African.

black col* - ditto African. Mb«\ ditto.

black ditto.

178

4

Total number of Slaves, Males and according to this present Return

Females,

m

Bermudas, N* 3.

An Act for the complete Registration of Slaves.

WHEREAS a bill has passed the House of Assembly for the purpose of enabling sill persons who might be desirous of so doing, to register their slaves in a public registry of these islands: And whereas it has been deemed advisable, under all circumstances, to require a general registry-of all slaves; We, therefore, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the general assembly of these Your Majesty’s Bermuda or Somers Islands, do most humbly beseech Your. Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by Your Majesty’s governor, and coramauder-in-chicf, council and assembly, and it is hereby enacted, by the authority of the same, that in-six calendar months after the passing of this act, every person who shall then be . resident

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

*7

resident in these islands, and who shall be in possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, attorney”, or otherwise, of or for such slaves, shall respectively make and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such registrar of slaves as may be appointed by the governor or commander-in-chief for the time being, such lists and particulars in writing as are hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, every person in possession of any slave as aforesaid shall so make and return a schedule or list in writing, therein specifying, in the lirst place, his or her own name, and the name of such other person or persons being the owner or owners of such slave in whose behalf the return is made, and the right or character in which the party making such return holds posession of, and claims title to, such slave or slaves, namely, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, attorney, or otherwise; and then shall proceed to name, describe, and enumerate distinctly, the several negroes, mulattoes, or other slaves belonging to the same owner or owners in manner following, that is to say, the schedule, or paper containing the said list shall be divided into six perpendicular columns, of convenient breadths, respectively intitled at the heads thereof, name, sex, colour, employment, age and country; and in the first of the said columns shall be inserted the name of each sluve by which lie or she has been usually called or known; in the second of the said columns shall be inserted the sex of which jjucIi slave is; in the third of the said columns shall be inserted black or coloured (including, under the term “ coloured,” all who arc not black); in the fourth of the said columns shall be inserted the particular trade, occupation, or ordinary employment of the slave; in the fifth oi the said columns shall be inserted the age of the slave, according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the owner or other party making the return; and in the sixth of the said columns 6hali be inserted whether the slave is an African, native or Creole, and if a Creole, the name of the island or colony in which such slave was born, and from which he or she was brought, according to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the owner or other purty making the return. And for the better ascertaining the forms of such returns slaves ns tiro hereby required to be made, so tlmt no person may pretend ignorance thereof, a form or cxamplo of such returns is contained la a schedule to this act annexed, to which all persons arc required, so far as shall be found practicable, to conform.

a. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that every such roturn or schedule shall be verified or supported by an affidavit of the purty making the same, unless the said party shall boa fonialc, or be prevented therefrom by bodily infirmity pr sickness; in which case it shall be lawful for the next male of kin, or somo other person of good and creditablo reputation, to verify the same in their behalf, by an affidavit, or in cq#o of a quaker, by an affirmation annexed to the said schedule or return, and swbm or affirmed to before the said registrar; which oath or affirmation shall be to the purport and effect following: I, A. B. [naming the deponent u or affirmant] do swear, or solemnly affirm, that the return now by me delivered " to be registered, contains a true, faithful and correct account and description of “ all the slaves belonging to me, or in my possession, or in possession of the owner " or claimant therein named, to the best of my knowledge, information and belief. " So help me God.” And the registrar aforesaid is authorized and required to administer the solid oatii or affirmation,

3, And be it further onapted, by the authority aforesaid, that if any person shall neglect or omit to make and.deliver a return of slaves,according to the prescriptions of this act, every such person so offending shall forfeit for every slave so neglected or omitted to be returned, the sum of fifty pounds of current money of these islands, 10 be nrefcovered as hereinafter mentioned, the one moiety of such penalty to bp to the person suing for the same, and the other moiety to His' Majesty, his lien's and successors, for and towards supplying the fund established by an act, intituled, f* An Act for raising a public Revenue for the support of the Government of these His Majesty’s Islands.”

4; And, tQ the intent that all persons required,to return lists or schedules by this act,’ for any slaves,: may be duly apprised, and have sufficient notice of their being required to make such returns and of the form thereof; be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid," that such registrar as: may be appointed shall and be* is hereby required immediately, , at least twice ip every month for the first six months nesteasuing the passing of this act, to-advertise m each of the public newspapers

fiS- C

18 ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

edited in these islands, for returns to be made according to the prescriptions of this act, and shall to the said advertisement annex a form of the schedule hereby directed.

5. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the said registrar shall carefully preserve the lists and schedules so returned to him, and cause the same to be. copied, as clearly and distinctly as may be, into one book or set of books, duly paged and indexed, to be by him kept in his office; which book or books shall, at all times during office hours, on application for the same, be exhibited by the said registrar to all persons wishing to inspect and examine the same, every person paying the sum of one shilling and three pence for any number of examinations in the same day.

6. And, for the greater security of persons returning such lists or schedules, be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the registrar or his deputy shall, and he is hereby required to give a certificate of the receipt thereof, free of charge, to any person desiring the same; provided, however, that such person so requiring sucbticertificate of receipt shall prepare on exact duplicate of said list or schedule, with such a certificate thereon, according to the following form:

Bermuda, I do certify, that a schedule of slaves, of which the foregoing is a copy, has this day bean returned into the registry of slaves. Dated this day of one thousand eight hundred and

Duplicate.

And the said registrar is hereby further directed and required, upon application, to givo copies or extracts in writing, certified by himself or his lawful deputy, of the ifogistry of any slave or slaves that may be desired, the person requiring the same, paying for each extract so required the sum of one shilling and eight pence, if the number of slaves mentioned do not exceed four, and the further sum of five pence each for every further number of slaves after the first four that shall be contained therein,.

7. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that when and so soon as all the returns, lists, or Schedules, which shall liavo been delivered to the said registrar pursuant to this act, shall have been entered and recorded os aforesaid, the said registrar shall givo notice thereof forthwith to the inhabitants of these islands, by eight successive advertisements in each, of the newspapers edited in these islands j and that the said, books are and will continue open at the propor office for the inspection, free of any expense, of all persons who have made-returns of slaves for

' insertions therein for the term of two months from, the date of the first advertisement, to the intent that all persons interested may be satisfied of the accuracy of the said Books, and of the said returns therein contained.

8. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that if any owner or possessor of slaves within these islands shall, from any accident or unavoidable impediment, have omitted, to return full and proper lists or schedules of their slaves as by this act is required, they may immediately apply to the governor or commander in chief of these islands for the time being, and council, who, upon satisfactory proof that such omission has not been wilful, are hereby empowered and required to order the admission, and registration, or correction, of the returns or schedules by the said registrar,

9, And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for all and every person and- porsons acquiring slaves subsequent to the first day of June after the passing of this act, whether by birth, purchase^ or other legal means, forthwith to register the same:according to the prescriptions of this: act; and that it shall be the duty of the registrar to give certificates, of such registry in like manner as of slaves registered within the first period by this act prescribed; provided, hotvev.erjthafc oath shall be. made before the registrar or his. deputy of puch: slave, having been acquired subsequent to the period! aforesaid;

10. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that every slave not registered- according to the requisitions of this act.shall, and may be prosecuted for nonregistration by any of his Majesty’s subjects, and shall be condemned as* forfeited

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

f9,

felted to the use of His Majesty, his heirs and successors, unless the person claiming title thereto shall establish, by positive or strong presumptive proof, that such slave has not been imported into these islands contrary to the laws for the abolition of the slave-trade; and His Majesty’s attorney or solicitor-general of the said islands shall, at the instance of any person who shall produce a certificate from the registrar Of the noii-registry of any slave, make and file an information in the court of Kings Bench; and every person so prosecuting for non-registration shall be entitled to full costft of suit against the party omitting to make a return of any such unregistered slaves, even though the same shall not have been confiscated os aforesaid.

11. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that if any registrar of slaves shall in the exercise of his office refuse to receive for registration any return which he ought to receive, or neglect to make any entry which he ought to make, of to do any other act which he ought to do, according to the directions herein contained, he shall be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person and persons who may sustain any injury or damago by any such refusal or neglect; and if any such registrar shall wilfully moke, or knowingly permit or suffer to be made, any false or fraudulent entry in the books of the rogistry in his office, or either of them, or in any duplicate, transcript or extract herein directed to be made out, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate or alter, or knowingly permit or suffer to be fraudently erased, obliterated or altered, any return or entry which shall bavo been duly made and recorded in the said books of registry, or either of them, he shall, upon conviction of any such offence, be liable to such pains and penalties os ore by the laws of Great Britain inflicted upon persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records; and shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person and persons who shall sustain any injury or damage by any such offence, who ahull, besides reparation for every such damage or injury, recover against such registrar treble costs of suit; and if any assistant or clerk of any such registrar, or if any other person whatsoever in these islands, shall commit, or knowingly permit or suffer to be committed, any such offence as aforesaid, ho shall, upon conviction thereof, be liable to such pains and penalties ns arc by tbs laws of Great Britain inflicted on persons convicted of forging or fraudulently altering public judicial records*

12. And ho it further* enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the said registrar shall make and prepare, or causo to be made and prepared, accurate and perfect duplicates of the said books, and shall authenticate and certify the said duplicates by the following affidavit:—" Before uf. JB. [inserting the name and title of the “governor^ or commander in chief for the time being] personally appeared C. X).

“ [naming himself\t the said registrar of slaves of these islands, who beingduly sworn “ on the Holy Evangelists, makes oath and says, that ho the said C. I). 1ms carefully u examined and compared all the preceding’entries in this book, with nil the different “ returns of slaves delivered to him, or to his knowledge or belief, to any deputy,

“ clerk or assistant by him appointed; and that he is enabled thereby to depose, and " docs depose, that the preceding return of the slaves of these islands is in all respects (c correctly apd faithfully made,” Which affidavit being subscribed by the said registrar shall be sworn boforc the said governor or commander so chief for the time being, who shall subjoin thereto the following certificate under his hand r-—

M I> A. JB. [inserting the name and title of office} do hereby certify, that the above “ affidavit was duly sworn before mo this day of

“ one thousand eight hundred and A, B."

And the said duplicate books, when so authenticated and certified, shall be delivered by the said registrar to the governor, or commander in chief for the time being, who shall forthwith transmit the same to His Majesty’s principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England. 13

13. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that no erasure shall, Otr any pretence, or for any cause whatever, be at any time permitted to be in any of the said books; but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or other particular therein, so that the same shall differ from the name, description, orparticular contained in the Schedule or return, from which therfiomo was made, or if any other mistake shall occur in the making up and keeping of the

said books, a line of red ink.shall be drawn, through any word or words improperly

inserted, so as to leave the original word1 or words, legible; and the correction thefeof

68. eg by

20

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

by the insertion of any word or words which may have been erroneously omitted, shall either be interlined or written in the margin; and the registrar shall, either under such word or words written in the margin, or under a mark of reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his name at length.

14. And, for the more exact and regular performance of the duties of the said registrar, be it further enacted, that such registrar shall be personally resident within this colony while he shall continue to hold the said office, except when from ill-health, or other necessary cause, his temporary absence from these islands shall be permitted by the governor or commander in chief of these islands for the time being, by and with the consent of His Majesty’s council; provided nevertheless, that such temporary absence shall not exceed the period of twelve months; and if the said registrar shall be at any time absent from these islands without such license or permission as aforesaid, he shall absolutely forfeit his office; unci in case of the death, absence, or incapacity of the said registrar, or any avoidance of the said office, another registrar shall be appointed by the governor or commander in chief of these islundu for the time being.

15. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that if it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the} governor or commander in chief for the time being, and council, in council, that any slave or slaves has Or have been omitted to be returned for registration according to the prescriptions of this act, without any wilful neglect or default of the owner or possessor, or owners or possessors thereof and that any slave or slaves, although duly returned for registration, has or have been omitted to be registered through the negligence, inadvertency, or oversight of the registrar or his deputy, or assistants, then and in either of such cases it shall and may he lawful for the governor, or commander in chief for the time being, and council,' and they nro hereby authorized and required to remit any penalty or penalties which may have been incurred by reason of any such omission or default*

16. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the certificate of any registrar of slaves aforesaid, by him subscribed, certifying any copy or extract from the books in his office, or the non-registration of any slave or slaves therein, shall be received in fill courts, and by all judges, magistrates, and other persons in authority in the said islands, ns sufficient evidence of the truth or authenticity of such copy or extract, and as sufficient pnma facie ovidcnco of the matters so certified, reserving nevertheless, to the f>arty or parties against whom any such certificate shall be adduced, the right or privilege of contradicting, impeaching, or correcting the same, by comparison with the original book or books of registry, 17 * 20

17, And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that all penalties hereby imposed, the recovery whereof is not already provided for, shall be recoverable by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, or wager of htw, shaft be allowed, in the court of general assizo of theso islands; one half of which penalties shall go to the person suing for the same, and the other half to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and towards supplying the fund established by an act, intituled "an act for raising a public revenue for the support of the government “ of these His Majesty’s islands.”

18. And be«jt further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that iu case any person shall wilfully forswear, in taking any oath by this act required, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any person so to do, he or she being duly cori-victed thereof* shall for every such oilbnee incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury, or subornation of perjury,

19. And be it further enacted,- by the authority aforesaid, that the registrar appointed for the purposes* of this act, shall have and keep his office of registry in the town of Hamilton, and shall be entitled to receive annually the sum of seventy-five pounds: of current money during the continuance of this act, to be paid him out of the public treasury of these islands.; and*,the further sum of fifty pounds upon the completion and v.eruicatiort of the original book of registry and the duplicate Thereof, according to the prescriptions of this act,

20.

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

at

21

, 20. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force for and during the term of two years, and then to determine and expire.

Passed the Assembly this 13th day of January 1S20.

By Order of the House.

(signed) John Noble Harvey, Speaker.

Concurred to by the Legislative Council, the 17 th day of January 1820.

(signed) Robert Kennedy, President, ad interim.

Assented to this iSth day of January 1820.

(signed) JFilliam Lumky.

SCHEDULE.

RETURN of.-/, ft. of Slaves, hU own property, or the property of C.J). to whom he is Agent.

NAME, SEX. Colour. Employment. Age, Country.

t < 5 s male - negro - mariner 30 Bermuda.

Rachel female - mulatto home servant - 3 5 Bermuda.

Rill - - male negro - labourer - 40 Creole.

Demehaha and Essequibo, N°4.

AN ACT to amend and confirm an Act made and passed in Hcmcrara on the eighteenth Hay of March one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and 1

intituled “ An Act for the more fully ascertaining the Slave Population of the u United Colony of Hcmcrara and Esseymbo, and for other Purposes f and further to extend and augment the Provisions of the same.

WHEREAS an Act of his Excellency Major General John Murray, lieutenant- Preamble, governor, and the honourable the Court of Policy of this united colony, named and intituled, An Act for the more fully ascertaining the Slave Population of the " United Colony of Dcmcram and Essequibo, and for other purposes,” was passed Recite* aft March and enacted at an adjourned meeting, held at the Court House, George Town, on 181 '*l0ir’ the eighteenth day of March of the last year ono thousand eight hundred and seventeen, which Act has since been in force and acted upon within this colony;

And whereas such act aforesaid has, in a great degree, been found to answer the useful purposes with a view to which it was framed and intended: And whereas the sincerity and readiness which the said court has shown for and on behalf of His Majesty’s subjects, the inhabitants of this colony, in speedily meeting the wishes of the mother country, by so willing an adoption of the measure hi question, has been niost graciously acknowledged by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, through His Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the colonies, Earl Bathurst; And whereas we, his excellency thalieutenant-governor aforesaid, and the honourable the court of policy, arc most anxious to testify our zeal and 'duty, by making all other regulations and amendments which appear or may be deemed to be requisite (in all cases compatible with the true interest and consequent prosperity of this united colony) for the promotion and attainment of the object desired; wc, the aforesaid major-general John Murray, lieutenant-governor, and the honourable the court of-policy, no now therefore confirm and declare all matters and things contained in and set forth by the said afore-mentioned act of the last year, intituled, “ An Act for the.

“ more fully ascertaining the Slave Population of the United Colony, and for other “ purposes, to be still matters and things ordained and enacted*, and to be taken hereafter as ordained and enacted by tins court, unless and except only such as are otherwise declared and enacted by this present act.

68. c 3 And

Rejpftrar to be appointed by governor alone.

Registrar'i oath.

How the rcciflrar is to register his own slaves,

Fraudulent entries, &c. by registrari how ptinilheil.

Regillrar’s salary 400l.,per annum.

Returns of sick per* Tons how to be made.

23 ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

And whereas by the aforesaid act, sect, l, a registrar or officer, for the purpose of registering all slaves within the colony, was therein named and appointed; Be it further enacted, touching and concerning the appointment of the same, that euch officer shall be understood to be named and appointed, not by his excellency the lieutenant-governor, by and in conjunction with the honourable the court of policy, as in the before-recited act is mentioned and ordained, but by the nomination and appointment of his excellency the governor, the lieutenant-governor, or person administering the government for the time being, alone.

Sect. 2. And whereas it is expedient that the responsibility of the said registrar should be duly provided for and ascertained, be it now further enacted and ordained, that every person so appointed to the said office of registrar of slaves, shall, before ho enters on the execution of his said office, or so soon after as he shall be required, become bound, by bond or Recognizance, to His Majesty, his heirs or successors, with two sufficient sureties, to be approved by the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person administering the government for the time being, himself in the penal sum of twelve thousand guilders, Holland currency, and his sureties each in the sum of t,ix thousand guilders, Holland currency, with condition for the fuithful performance by him, the said registrar* of all the duties of his office: And further, it is hereby enacted and ordained, that in case of the death, absence or incapacity of the said registrar, or any avoidance of the office, a new registrar shall in like manner be from time to time, appointed by the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person administering the government for the time being, who shall, before he enters on the execution of his office, give like and "due sureties as aforesaid-; and shall further, whenever called upon so to do, take the following oath before the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person administering the government for the time being:— " I, A. B, do solemnly promise and swear, that I will not willingly or knowingly “ make or permit, or suffer to be made, apy fraudulent entry, erasure or obliteration in the registry of slaves to be committed to my charge; but if any such false “ or fraudulent act shall become known to me, will immediately give notice thereof “ to the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person administering the government of “ the colony for the time bpingj and will in all respects faithfully and uprightly

perform the duties of the office of registrar of slaves of this colony. So help me u God.0

Sect, 3. And be it further enacted and ordained, touching and concerning the said officer and registrar, that if he be himself, directly or indirectly, an owner of any slave or slaves, or be a part-owner or mortgagee of any slave or slaves within the colony, he, the said officer or registrar, shall ’duly, as to his return of such slave or slaves, conform in all respects to the requisitions or regulations of the aforeiyien. tjoned act, as well as of this present act and ordinance; and shall verify the truth of such return by oath, before the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person administering the government for the time being, in like manner as returns are directed to be verified upop oath in other cases before him, the said registrar, and as it is enacted and ordained by section 4, of the aforementioned act,

Sect. 4. And whereas it is already ordained and provided by the aforesaid act of the last year, that if the registrar makes any fraudulent entries or erasures in the hbofcor pooks of his office, he the- said registrar shall be liable to certain penalties therein named; Now be it further enacted and ordained, that the same penalties shall attach upon him the said registrar by reason of any wilful erasure, misrepresentation, pr fraudulent concealment, or alteration in any abstract whatsoever by him the said registrar delivered or to be. delivered to the parties applying to him

he said registrar for such abstract,

t.

Sect. And whereas it is enacted and ordained by the act aforesaid, sect, 15, that there shall, be paid to Che said registrar, out of the public monies of this colony, a certain sum annually as therein, is mentioned and set forth; Now be it further enacted and ordained, that such sum shall he augmented and raised from the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, to four hundred pounds sterling.

Sect. 6, And whereas in case of returns to be made under the authority of and in pursuance of the aforementioned act; the provision for such returns to be made by parties labouring under sickness is by means of a substitute, having authority to

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

35

23

make the same, from the party labouring under sickness; be it further enacted and ordained, that such persons so labouring under sickness, and in consequence therebf appointing a substitute or deputy, shall furnish such substitute or deputy With an authenticated certificate of such illness and infirmity being real, under the signatures either of a medical practitioner, or of one or more credible persons in their vicinity, signing such certificate, and offering to make oath of the truth of the same, which oath sbalL be taken before the registrar, whenever the person so tendering the same shall, by due notice from, the said registrar, be called upon to make the same; and further, such person so labouring under sickness shall, if possible, himself sign the certificate of the truth of the return delivered, or otherwise the aforesaid certificate shall state {he inability of such person so to sign, such sick or infirm person nevertheless, upon recovery, being further required, himself or herself, personally, and by oath, to confirm the truth of the return so delivered; it being further understood and enacted, in case of the death of such sick or infirm person without return made and verified by oath, that the legal representative, or attorney of such representative, shall then be the person required by law to make and verify the return of the party deceased.

Sect. 7. And whereas by the said aforementioned act of the year now last past, Lift* of flns'cr, what sect. 3, all persons in possession of slaves are directed and commanded to return lists Of Jdd1tbnTcol'umn*n schedules of the same upon oath, which schedules are to contain the names, colour, for conspicuou* bo-oge, employment, condition, and country of the slaves so returned; be it now fur- My marks, ther enacted and ordained, for the better identifying the said slaves, that there be also therein a specification of a|l particularly conspicuous bodily marks by which such slaves may be known and identified, according to a further directory list and schedule to be adjoined and annexed to this act and ordinance.

Sect. 8. And whereas it is enacted by the authority aforesaid, that at the expira- Triennial return*, tion of three years returns shall be delivered to the registrar aforesaid, containing *jof)ionj,yanjLather all deductions from and additions to the former stock of slaves, whether such de- otherwise, in former duction or addition be occasioned by birth, death or otherwise; be it further return* I,ow to b« enacted and ordained, that the return required and made at the end of every three nul c* years shall specifically have reference to the original return required and made under the aforesaid act of the year now last past, whether a number be to be deducted from the amount first returned, or whether the same be in augmentation thereof; and that, most especially in all cases of decrease of numbers by death, Medical certificate of Certificates of some medical practitioner shall be attached to the returns, stating the 'trlennW

nature and causes of such deaths. return*.

Sect. 9. And' whereas there are some places and occasions in which such certificates where medical cer-of medical practitioners cannot be obtained, It is hereby enacted, that in case it shall chained.That'of two hot be possible to procure a certificate in such form, it shall be sufficient to produce respectable perron* a certificate from two respectable persons to the like effect; the party required to must be procured, produce such certificate being, obliged to state at the same time the cause of his inability to procure such medical certificate under tender of oath, such oath to be taken in like manner and time as in Sect. 5; and the impossibility of obtaining such tnedical certificate to be proved Upon affidavit in writing, to be made before, and to the satisfaction of the registrar, at the time of the making of any such- registration as may be required to be made thereupon; and if any person whatsoever, False return*punifo-so making his or her return, be found, to have at any time made an undue, excessive, cd withimoAfonment find over numerous return, the said party shall forthwith be liable to imprisonment month*!oVmomhan upon proof of such undue return, such imprisonment; if adjudged against the party three year*, so offending, to be for a tenn not less than six months, nor more than three years, for every such specific schedule so unduly made and returned as aforesaid,

, Spct. to And it is hereby further enacted and ordained; that-now, upon the final No title to Have* closing and authentication of the original registry of slaves, as required by the afore- w,thout rfB'ftry* mentioned act of the yearnow last past, no (estate, right,- title, property or interest whatsoever, at law or in equity, of, in, or to any slave or slaves, within this colony, shall be created^ transferred, or in any manner pass by sale, mortgage, gift; grant or other voluntary alienation, or by judgment or condemnation at law, or execution, nor by marriage, succession, inheritance, will, devise, administration, or otherwise howso.ever, unless such slave or slaves have been first duly registered according to the directions herein before contained,

68. - c 4 Sect. IH

H

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

In all Aiits registration necessary to prove property.

Proviso, default not not to affect estates in trull, &c.

Sect. 11. And it is hereby further enacted, that from and after the opening of the registry herein mentioned, whenever in any action, suit^ or other judicial proceedings within this united colony, it shall be necessary for the master, mistress, owner or claimant, of any slave or slaves, to prove his or her property therein j such master or mistress, owner or claimant, shall, in the first place, be bound to show that such slave or slaves hath or have been duly registered as such according to the directions herein contained, either by or in behalf of such master or mistress, owner or claimant, or by or on behalf of the person or persons from, by, or under whom his or her title is derived; provided nevertheless, that no default of any tenant for life or years, nor of any mortgagees or mortgagors, respectively in possession, nor of any trustees or guardians in not registering slaves, shall entitle such slave or slaves to freedom, of otherwise have effect to prejudice persons entitled in remainder or reversion, who shall, within nine months after notice of such omission, to be given by or on the behalf of plaintiff or prosecutor in any action, suit, or prosecution concerning such freedom, conform to the directions of this act.

needs invalid, unlifs Sect. 12. And it is hereby further enacted, that from and after the said first day

flavwTb!?indorsed or ^anum’y next ensuing, no deed or instrument, whereby any slave or slaves in this

?an?xcd.in °r' or united colony shall be mentioned, or intended to be mortgaged, soldi charged, or in any manner transferred or conveyed, or any estate or interest therein created or raised, shall be good and valid in law to pass or convey, charge or affect any such slave or slaves, unless the registered name and description of such slave pr slaves , shall be truly set forth in such deed or instrument, or in some schedule thereupon indorsed, or thereunto annexed, according to the then latest registration, or amended registration, of such slave or slaves within the colony; provided nevertheless, that no such deed or instrument shall be avoided or made null by reason of any merq clerical error, $cc. in the names and description of such slaves.

Registrationofflaves Sect. 13. And whereas by a certain act of the British parliament, named ant}

r'Unuiaca intituled, “ An Act to explain three Acts, passed in the Forty-sixth, Forty-sevneth, sn oftiic King, cap! “ and Fifty-first years of his Majesty’s reign respectively, for the abolition of the *9. Slave Trade,it i3 enacted and declared, that certain importations of slaves,

under certain therein recited limitations, from certain therein named places, shall forthwith be admitted into this colony: And whereas by the said act certain other importations, alleged and declared, by the construction therein given to the aforementioned statutes of the forty-sixth, forty-seventh, and fifty-first of his Majesty, to have been illegal, and nevertheless by this latter act of the fifty-eighth of the lying, chapter forty-nine, now deemed valid and of'due force in law: And whereas sundry importations from divers of the West India islands and colonies, being possession^ of his Majesty, have been attempted and effected into this colony; And whereas owing to a doubt entertained respecting and concerning the legality of such importations, such importations have, in some cases, been admitted only conditionally; And whereas in consequence of such conditional admission only no registry of slaves so conditionally imported has been required or permitted; Now be it enacted and ordained, that the registrar of slaves for this united colony shall forthwith open, by Supplemental registry virtue and authority of these presents, a distinct and supplemental registry for all !m or LdnVbe\wMnly S^UVGS imported, conditionally or otherwise, under any of the afore-mentioned acts, luPMav lawnnil from the thirty-first day of May one* thousand eight hundred and seventeen, being so May i8iu. the date at which the original registration was closed, down to this thirtieth day of May of the present year: And it is hereby enacted and ordainpd, that all such registrations now ordered, directed and permitted to be made, shall be so made,

subject to all the other usdal provisions and regulations set forth and appointed by

Registrar reiufing to this present act; and if any registrar shall in the exercise of his office refuse to cerum* receive such return now directed to be made and admitted by way of supplemental

parry is to proceed, registration, or shall receive for such registration “any return, or make, or cause ot suffer to be made, any supplemental entry which ought not to be so received, or made, it 'shall be lawful for any person or persons thereby aggrieved, or liable to ' be aggrieved, to present a statement in the nature of an appeal, to the governor, lieutenant-governor, or person-administering the government for the time being, praying relief against such defaulter misconduct of the said registrar; and the said governor, lieutenant-governor, or person administering the 1 government' for the time being, shall then proceed td make-such order therein, after the hearing of’ the parties, that may td5 him seem expedient; which order, however, if unsatisfactory, either to the party alleging himself ta be aggrieved, or to the registrar, shall, upon security being

given, be referred for decision home to His Majesty in council.

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES. 25' 25

Sect. 14. And it is hereby further enacted and ordained, that the certificate of Certificate d*fegiftty the registrar of slaves of this colony, by him subscribed, certifying any copies or how*arcu enct* extracts from the books in his office, or the non-registration of any slave or slaves therein, shall be received as good and sufficient evidence of the authority of such copy or extract, and as sufficient evidence, primA Jade, of the matters so certified; saving, nevertheless, to the party or parties against whom such evidence is adduced, the right of contradicting, impeaching or correcting the same, by an inspection of,

and comparison with, the original book or books of registry to be made up and kept as heretofore has been directed.

0 Sect. 15. And whereas it is the law, usage and custom of this united colony, in incafesofmanumii-all cases of manumission, and in alt controversies touching and concerning manumis- claim of ' sion, that persons pretending to freedom, or applying for the same, do address registry neeeiftry

, themselves to us the lieutenant-governor, and the honourable court of policy, for the proof of slaveiy.

h confirmation or otherwise of such freedom so on their part and behali pretended to and claimed; now, finally, be it hereby enacted and ordained, that in all such cases; 1 wherein opposition is made to such assertion and claim of freedom os aforesaid, no party or person whatsoever may or shall be heard in support of such opposition, nor in auy manner be allowed to enter into the reasoning or evidence upon which that opposition is grounded, or intended to be grounded, unless such opposing party be able to produce, and do produce, before committimus, to the honourable the court of justice of this united colony; and at the time of such opposition a cer-. tiiicate from the registrar aforesaid, showing that such party, claiming and pretending to freedom as afore mentioned, bus been duly and legally registered in this or in some other British colony or settlementin the West Indies, as all slaves are required to be by the provisions of the act, and ordinance of the year now last past, and by the provisions and regulations of this present act.

And that no ignorance may be pretended of the several orders contained in this our act, these presents shall be published and sent round for general information.

Thus done and enacted at our adjourned assembly, held at the King's House,

George Town, Demarara* on the second day of October one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and published on the tenth following.

(signed) John Murray.

By command of the Court.

? (signed) Charles Wilday, Clk. C‘ Pr.

Demauaka and Essequibo, N* 5.

Court of Policy.

Publication—By His Excellency Major General John Murray, Lieutenant Govet'nor and Commander in Chief' in and over the United Colony of Demarara and Essequibo, and its Dependences, $cv and the Honourable, the Court of Policy of the said Colony, $>c.

To all to whom these presents shall come, greeting, be it known.

WHEREAS certain acts, bearing date the eighteenth of March and October the second, of tile years one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, respectively, of his excellency major-general John Murray, lieutenant-governor, and the honourable court of policy of this united colony, have been enacted, and-are now'in force, touching and concerning the slave , population of this colony, and the due registration of slaves herein:

And whereas by section second and third, of the first-mentioned act of March one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, certain times and periods were duly appointed and specified in, and at which, returns of slaves were directed and ordered to be made upon oath to the registrar of this colony: And whereas further, it was D therein

20

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

therein set forth and directed, that after the first general returns so ordered and directed to be made, a triennial return should be made, containing an account of nil deductions from and additions to the former stock of slaves so first returned as directed and ordered:

And whereas by sections eighth and thirteenth of the second-named act, namely, of the year one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, a triennial return is directed and ordered to be made, such return to have due reference to the first return originally required and made: And whereas further provision is thereby made by the enactment and establishment of a supplemental registration for the better ascertaining and registering slaves imported into this colony conditionally, and under restrictions as therein is set forth:

And whereas by an act of His present Majesty of the twelfth of July one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, passed by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal in Parliament assembled, called, “An act for establishing a registry of colonial slaves in Great Britain, and for making further provision “ with respect to the removal of slaves from British colonies it is enacted and ordered, that a registrar shall be appointed to receive returns of slaves to be transmitted from any of His Majesty’s British and foreign possessions: And whereas it is by such act ordered and appointed, that after the first of January one thousand eight hundred and twenty, next ensuing, no purchases to be made shall be taken to be good, nor money to be lent on the security of slaves deemed to be legally secured) unless such slaves shall have been registered and returned in the office of the registrar in Great Britain, by such act as aforesaid, named and created:

And whereas divers slaves have been lawfully imported into this colony since the thirty-first of May one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, which have not been required by the afore-mentioned acts to be registered before the next period of general registration, We, his excellency major-general John Murray, lieutenant-governor, and the honourable the court of policy, taking the premises into consideration, and conceiving, that it may be for the interest and benefit of the (possessors and owners of slaves so imported into this colony that they be required and enjoined to make such return, and that all persons so in future importing slaves as above mentioned, shall, on such importation, make immediate return thereof for registration; be it enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for persons; not yet having made returns of slaves, such slaves having, nevertheless, been duly j and legally imported into this colony since* May the thirty-first, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to make and return the same, obtaining first, on petition, ‘ the leave of his excellency the lieutenant-governor so to do: And further, be it \ enacted' and ordained, that all persons in future so importing slaves, shall, on such importation, make immediate returns thereof for registration, subject to the license and permission of his excellency the lieutenant-governor, as. above mentioned. All other provisions and clauses of the said afore-mentioned acts not touched by this present act being understood still to continue and be in force. And that no ignorance may be pretended of the orders contained in this our act, these presents shall be published and sent round for general information.

Thus done and* enacted at our Extraordinary Assembly, held at the King’s House, George Town, Demarara, on the eighteenth of November one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and published on the twentieth following.

(signed) John Murray.

, By Command of the Court. (

(signed) Charles Wilday, Clerk C‘ Pok

Dominica

k

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

27

27

Dominica, No, 6.

An Act to extend the time limited by the Act for the Registry of Slaves in this Island, and for indemnifying such Persons as may fail to make their Triennial Returns within the time prescribed by that Act, and for other purposes*

WHEREAS the period required by the registry-act for making the triennial p,*amt>ie. return of slaves in this island is found, from various unforeseen causes, to be too limited for making such returns; and as such persons as may by causes be prevented from making their triennial returns within the period prescribed by such act, become liable to the fines and penalties imposed by the said act, and without such returns the triennial registry of slaves in this island would be incomplete;

Be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained, by the governor, the council, and the cuufc i. assembly of this Your Majesty’s island of Dominica, that from and after the first day of June next the treasurer is hereby authorized and required to continue to receive all such triennial returns ns may be made to him in manner and form required by the registry-act, until the hrst day of August next ensuing, and no longer; and all such persons as may make their triennial returns between the first day of June and the first day of August ns aforesaid, shall be and they are hereby l fully indemnified, acquitted, and set free from all the fines and penalties by them individually incurred under the registry-act, and from all suits in respect thereof; and the treasurer is hereby authorized and required to record all such returns the same as if they iiad been made within the time prescribed by the registry-act: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt or exonerate from all and every fine and fines imposed by the said registry-act, on every person or persons who may neglect or refuse delivering in their returns of slaves for registration before the said first day of August next ensuing.

Whereas it has been found that several persons have omitted to mako genoral preamble. t returns of their slaves in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventeen as is directed by the registry-act, and for the relief of such persons whoso omissions may have proceeded from ignorance of the law, or absence from the colony without any representative;

Be it therefore and it is hereby enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the chuse honourable Christopher Robert, and James lirown, Charles Harrison, Edward Dowdy and J. R. Bevea, esquires, be and they are hereby appointed commissioners for taking into consideration and reporting to the Legislature on such petitions as may be presented to them in such behalf, on or before the fifteenth of July next.

And be it and it is hereby enacted and ordained, by the authority aforesaid, that Clmfe 3.

, the further term of two months over and above the time allowed by the registry-act, shall be and is hereby granted to the treasurer to complete the triennial record, free and exempt from all fines and penalties imposed on him by die sixth and ninth clauses of the said registry-act.

W. Anderson, Speaker.

Passed the House of Assembly this 13th day of May 1S20.

J. II, Newman, Clerk of Assembly.

Passed the Board of Council this j 3th day of May -1820.

F. II. Qarraway, Act* Clerk of the Board.

Duly proclaimed in the town of Roseau, this 15th day of May 1820.

II. Nisbci, A. P.M.G.

68.

Gkenaim,

28

ACTS OF, COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

Grenada, N° 7.

An Act for continuing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of

Grenada and its Dependencies.

WHEREAS the several laws for establishing a registry of negro and other slaves in this colony will shortly expire, and it being highly expedient that the provisions of the same shall be continued upon a more minute and extended scale j May it therefore please Your Most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it and it is hereby enacted, by His Excellency Major-General“Phineas Riall, governor and commander in chief in and over the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies, the Members of His Majesty’s Council, and the Representatives of the people in General Assembly convened, and it is hereby enacted* and ordained, by authority of the same, that there shall continue and remain established in this island

ih ^continucfT of a? °^lce Pu^c registry for the registration and enrolment, in manner hereinafter avescon nue . directed, of the names and descriptions of all negroes, or others, who no*' are or at

any time hereafter shall be in a lawful state of slavery within these islands.

Preamble.

Clause 1.

Clause 2.

Governor to appoint a proper person to be registrar. Proviso, that he shall not hold any ether place of emolument, civil or military. Shall act personally, and not by deputy, except as after provided.

Oath to be taken by the registrar.

]Recognicance( to be entered into with two sureties, to be approved by council and alterably, himself in 5,000l. and sureties in 2,500l. each. Sureties to justify. To receive a salary of 800l. per annum out of the public treasury, payable half yearly, on the 30th June and 31ft December in every year.

And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that it shall be lawful for the governor, or commander in chief for the time being, to appoint any proper person to be registrar during pleasure, for the purposes hereinafter mentioned; provided always, that such registrar shall not hold or enjoy any other office or place of emolument, civil or military, whatever during the time that he officiates as registrar aforesaid; and that he shall at all times reside within this government; and that such registrar, so appointed or to be appointed, shall act personally, and not by deputy, exaept as is hereinafter provided; and before he shall be competent to enter upon the duties of the said office, he shall take, before the gevernor or commander in chief as aforesaid, the following oath; viz.—“ I do swear, that

“ I will, according to the best of my judgment and ability, faithfully and irnpurtially execute the office of registrar of slaves, pursuant to the directions of the act “ under which I have been so appointed to that office; and I further swear that “ I do not hold or enjoy any other office or place of emolument, civil or military, “ whatever. So help me GOD.” And shall also enter into a recognizance, before' the governor, or commander in chief for the time being, in council, in the sum of five thousand pounds currency, and two sureties, to be approved of by the council and assembly, in the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds like currency, each conditioned for the faithful, impartialand personal discharge of his duty as registrar, which sureties shall severally declare upon oath that they arc worth the said sum respectively, after payment of their just debts; and he the said registrar shall receive out of the public treasury of these islands a salary at the rate of eight hundred* pounds currency per annum, for each and evory year of his continuing in the said office, and personally performing the duties thereof, except as is hereafter provided, agreeably to the provisions of this act, which said salary shall be paid to him at half-yearly periods, that is to say, upon the thirtieth day of June and thirty-first day of December in ever}? year, or so much thereof as at those times shall he due to him at the rate aforesaid.

Clause 3. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that a general registry of the slaves

jbv«neto\”leftpLce within this government shall take place between the first day ot January and the between lit of janu- thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and again between ary and soth Ajaril the same periods of the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, and of, xvveen "the fame pe- every fourth fallowing year, reckoning therefrom, when all and every person and riods in 1820, and persons resident in this island, or any of its dependencies, and possessing any slave ?owin&Urt 'yeaff° or slaves within the same, whether"as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator, when all persons receiver, lessee, attorney, agent, executor, administrator, guardian, committee, or in owning or possessing any other right or character, or whatever his her or their title, trust orinterest in nwkyCareturn any suc^ s^nve or slaves may be, he shall respectively make and deliver, or\cause to of all slave» in their be made and delivered, unto the said registrar, a schedule or return of all slaves by possession on the sift him her or them possessed on the thirty-first day of December immediately pre-^«ccding,"with ceding, with a list of particulars, according to the form hereunto annexed marked A, jhe particulars sped- together with a duplicate thereof, containing, in the first place, the name of the pro-^eduie P”etor> an(* character or title under which such return is made, whether as proprietor

duplicate the W. as aforesaid, or as lessee, mortgagee, sequestrator, guardian, committee, trustee,

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

29

receiver, executor, administrator, attorney, agent or otherwise; and such schedule or return shall likewise contain, describe, and enumerate distinctly, the several negroes, mulatto and other slaves, the property of or in possession of the person or persons making the return at the said time, which schedule or list, if for unattached slaves, shall be intitled, “ A list of slaves belonging to A. B. proprietor ;” and, if necessary, will be added thereto, “in possession of C. D. as attorney,’* or as executor,” or otherwise, as the case may be; and those for estates respectively shall be intituled, “ A list of slaves belonging to A. B. proprietor of estate,

in the parish of and attached to the same,” or if the proprietor thereof

> should not be resident within these islands, then and in that case the schedule or return shall be thus entitled, namely, “ A list of slaves belonging, or attached to, and worked upon estate, in the parish of and in the lawful possession of C. D. os attorney,” or “lessee, mortgagee, sequestrator or guardian, committee, trustee, receiver, executor, administrator,” or other character or trust, as the Cfav.t maybe; and such returns and lists shall be divided into separate com- partments or divisions, the one for male slaves, the other for female, and each of the said compartments shall consist of columns of convenient breadth, respectively classed, marked and headed as follows; viz. names, age, colour, country, conspicuous marks, remarks; in the first of these columns, the name of each slave respectively shall be entered; in the second, the age, or the supposed age; in the third, negro, mulatto, mesteff, as the case may be, and such other designation, or shade of colour as occur; in the fourth, whether African or Creole, of Grenada, or other colony,; under the fifth head shall be entered the conspicuous marks, if any; and the last column shall be appropriated to any incidental information which the proprietor or , his agent, or other person making such return, may deem necessary; and at the end of every and each of the said schedules, or returns and lists, the whole number of slaves, male and female, shall be summed up, and the amount set down in words at length, and the names, so given in upon such returns, ns the names of each and every such slave respectively, shall thenceforth continue to be the names of such slaves aforesaid, and be thereafter given in as such in every subsequent return; and one of the said returns shall be numbered by the registrar according to the order of progression in which such said returns shall have been given in, and the same shall be deposited in his office, to be registered and recorded in the books thereof, in exact conformity to such returns, and according to the number and brtler of such given in: and the duplicates of each and every such return and list as aforesaid shall be in like manner correspondently numbered, and, being previously certified and signed by the registrar, shall be delivered back to the person or persons making the said return or returns, to be by him her or them kept os ,a voucher or vouchers for the due registration, according to law, of the slaves in such return or returns named and described.

And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the general returns required by this aet to be given in for the island of Carriacou, and the other islands dependent upon the government of Grenada, shall be made and delivered to the said " registrar in the town of Hillsborough, in the said island of Carriacou, from the fourth to the fifteenth days of January, both days inclusive. The returns for the parishes of St. John and St. Mark shall in like manner be made and delivered to him at'Charlotte Town, in the said parish of Saint John, from the twenty-second to the thirtieth days of January, both days inclusive. The returns for the parish of St. Patrick shall be made tmd delivered to the said registrar at the town of St. Patrick, in the said parish, from the seventh to the fifteenth days of February, both days inclusive. The returns for the parish of St. Andrew shall be made and delivered to the said registrar at the town of Grenville, in the last said parish, from the twentieth to the twenty-eighth days of February, both days inclusive. The returns for the parish of St.* David shall be made and delivered to the said registrar at La Sagesse estate, in the said parish of Saint David, from the seventh to the tenth days of March, both inclusive. The returns for the parish of St George shall be made and delivered to the said registrar at his office in the town of Saint George, from the seventeenth to the twenty-fifth days of the said month of March, both days inclusive. The return for the town of Saint George shall he made and delivered to the said registrar from the twenty-sixth day of March to the fifteenth day of April, both days inclusive; and the said registrar shall and he is hereby required to attend id person .(except as is hereinafter provided) at his office in the town of Saint George, and at the several places in the several parishes and island of

Go* d 3 Carriacou,

Form andcontentsof schedules or returns.

Name* of Have* ai given in, never after to be changed.

One return or sche* elute to be kept by registrar,numbered ai iti* given in, and the duplicate to be cor* reipondiugly numbered and certified by regifirat, and delivered back by registrar to party making the same.

Clause 4.

Period* within which the general return* of fiavc* for the Island of Carriacou, and the respeSUve parithe* in Grenada, and those for the town of Si. George, Audi he made, and delivered to the registrar, with the re* spective placca at which the registrar it to attend for receiving the fame.

Registrar required to attend in person at the several place* fpc~ cified (except a* after provided), and at the

several periods before mentioned for taking returns^ from nine o’clock in the morn-ingimtilthreeo’clock in the afternoon, and to give timely notice in tlicGazette of such days and places.

Clause 5.

Further time granted to potions omitting to make their returns for the out-parishes, provided fame be made at the regillrar's office in the town of St. George.

Clause 6.

Oath to be taken by all persons making returns before regii-trar, or in case of sickness, before a ma-giftmte, before fame can be received, and sickness to be proved by oath of medical practitioner.

form of oath,

Clause 7.

Registrnr to provide necelfarybooksattlic public expense,

Blank forms of returns or schedulos to be delivered at 1»8 office gratis.

Clause 8.

As soon ns returns ate duly made, registrar t® proceed with all dispatch to copy and register fame in n let ot bboks j one far the island of Car-riacou, and one for each of the niriflies, and one for the town of St. George, to be in all respeits conformable jo the return*.

Registrsr required to enter fame according to the order of their numbers.

OaOi liotrequired toi be inserted id the

30 ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

Carriacou, at the several times, and in the order hereinbefore mentioned, for the purpose of taking the said return, from the hours of nine o’clock in the morning to three o’clock in the afternoon, and shall cause timely notice to be given in the island Gazette of the days and places hereinbefore mentioned and appointed foe taking such returns as aforesaid.

And whereas circumstances may arise to prevent persons owning or possessing slaves attached to properties in the out-parishes of this island, or of the islands dependent thercou, from giving in their return to the registrar at the times and places hereinbefore for that purpose appointed; be it therefore enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the registrar shall and he is hereby authorized and required to receive and register, in due parochial order, all such returns as shall not have been given in as aforesaid at the times and places hereinbefore prescribed, provided such returns shall be delivered in at his office in the town of Sajut George, by the party or parties making the same, between the sixteenth and thirtieth days of the month of April, both days inclusive.

And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that any and every person making and, subscribing any such schedule or return aforesaid/ and before the same shall be received by the registrar for registration, shall make oath before him the said registrar, or in case of sickness, before one of His Majesty's justices of the peace, such case of sickness to be proved beforo such justice by the oath of a medical practitioner, to the purport and effect following; which oath the said registuw, or in case of sickness aforesaid, the said, justice of the peace, is required to administer, without fee or reward, and- the same to be annexed in such case to the said return; namely, “ I, A. B, do solemnly swear, that the schedule or return <{ hereunto annexed contains, us I verily bcliove, a just, full and true return, account “ and* description* of all the slaves belonging to me, and being in this colony,” [or “ of all the slaves belonging to A. J3. and m my possession as attorney,” [or “ cxc- cutor,’’ or administrator,” or in any other right or character, (as the case may “ be,)” or of all the slaves belonging or attached to or worked upon “ estate, in the parish of and in my possession, as the lawful attorney

“ [“ executor” or “ administrator,]” or otherwise, (as the case may be,) together with (t a. list of such'slaves as have absconded] (wiien such is the case,) or absented themselves for twelve months previous thoreto;] and I do further swear, that the said

return or schedule is made by mo according to the best of my knowledge, and f< belief, truly, and without fraud, deceit or ovasion. So help, me God.”

Signed

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the registrar shall provide, at the public expense, the necessary books, strongly bound, for the purpose, of registry and enrolment, ns required by this act; and shall also provide, in like manner, at the public expense, printed blank copies of the said forms of returns, or schedules, to be delivered from his office,* gratis, to all persons applying for the same, between the first and thirty-first days of December immediately belorc such said periods of registration.

And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that ns. soon as such returns as aforesaid shall have been duly made, and received by the registrar, he shall proceed to copy and register the same, with all convenient despatch, in a fair, distinct and legible manner, in a proper set of books, that is to say, one set for the island of Carriacou, one for the united parishes of Saint John, and Saint Marie, one for the town of St. George, and one for each of the other parishes, to be kept by him, precisely and in all respects conformably to the said returns; and the said registrar Shall and lie is hereby required and directed to enter all. the said returns in the respective books hereinbefore mentioned, according to the order of their respective numbers, so that the same may be exhibited in the said books as clearly and distinctly as possible: provided always, that except in the first return to be entered for the town of Saint George, and the first return to be in like manner entered for each of the several parishes within this government, at all and every of the said general and hereinafter 'mentioned, annual- periods of registration, it shall not be necessary for the said registrar todnsert in his books of record the oath to be taken by persons giving in returps ppder<£his,actrand directed to be annexed to such returns.

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

31

And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that on the thirty-first day of August, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, the registrar shall finally close and authenticate the said general regiV tration of all the slaves in this island and its dependencies, which shall thenceforth be called the general registry of slaves in the island of Grenada and its dependencies, in manner following; that is to say, in each of the said books the said registrar shall write with his own hand, in large legible characters, immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lists of slaves, either on the same folio or double page, or on the back of the last leaf containing the same registry of slaves of the island of Grenada and its dependencies, up to the thirty-first day-of December one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, volume first, second or third (as the case may be), and the said registrar shall thereto subscribe his name and affix, his seal; anu below the said signature to the last volume of such books shall be written, in like characters, by the said registrar, the following affidavit; viz. “ Grenada; before “ A, B. [inserting the name and title of the governor, or other the commander-in-chief for the time being] personally appeared C. JD. registrar of slaves in the said island, and its dependencies, who being duly sworn upon the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God, maketh oath and snitli, that he the said C. J). hath carefully ft examined and compared the entries in this volume, and in the preceding volumes of “ this set of books, with all the different returns of slaves delivered to him; and that “ the said registry of slaves of the island of Grenada and its dependencies is in all “ respects correctly and faithfully made.” Which affidavit, being subscribed by the said registrar, shall'be sworn before the said governor, lieutenant-governor, or other Ihc commander-in-chief for the time being, who is hereby authorized to administer tho same, and who shall subjoin thereto the following certificate under his lmnd, and the great seal of the island; viz. (t I, A, B. [inserting the name and title af “ office] do hereby certify, that the above affidavit was duly sworn before me this u day of one thousand eight hundred and

A Witness my hand, and the great seal of the island of Grenada and its dependent-w cics, this day of one thousand eight hundred and

A, B, (1. s«)

Clause 9.

31

Registrar to close finally general regn-tration on the Silt of Augu 111822. In manner specifieu, to be called the general registry of slaves, &e.

Affidavit to be instiU and inserted by re-gillrat' at the end of the general registriri to be signed by registrar, and made befort the governor who 5» to annex.

Certificate under hU hand, and the great Teal.

And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the registrar shall make Chute 10. out for each of the said books or sets of books of general registry, a full Registrartomakeont alphabetical index, and all returns of attached slaves shall be therein doubly in- j\,ci,windexe* >doxed, that is to say, the names: of estates in respect of which returns shall liavo to be double, been specifically made* and also the names of the persons on whose behalf the same respectively shall havo been made shall be indexed; and as to personal or unattached slaves, the names of the respective owners by whom, or the persons on whose behalf, the same respectively shall have been made, shall bn inserted in the 0 same index; and the said index shall refer os well to the respective numbers of all returns, as to the pages of the books in which the same arc respectively registered.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that within five months after the said general registry shall be closed, and authenticated as aforesaid, the said registrar shall complete accurate and perfect duplicates of the said books or sets of books of general registry, with their respective indexes, by causing the same to be carefully transcribed into other books of like sizes and forms to be provided for that purpose, and shall authenticate and certify each of the said dupli-catesin the same manner and form, in all respects, as is hereinbefore directed inregard to the originals respectively, except that in the affidavits and certificates to bq thereunto annexed, the same shall be described as duplicates of the^ said general registries, and the said duplicate book or books, when so authenticated and certified, shall be delivered by the registrar to the governor, or commander-in-chief for the time being, who shall, by the first safe and eligible conveyance* transmit the same officially to His Majesty’s principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England.

Clause 11*

Kcglftnu* wltliirifivt Months nfttirctneril ttgillry elated, to complete accurate duplicate! 6f fuefi general regillry, with the indexed nttdfhsfll authenticate amt certify the fiunc in same manner ns originals.

When so made and authenticated, to he delivered to the governor, to be by him transmitted to the fc-cretaiy of Hate ir> England.

And be it also enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that betweem the hereinbefore clause 12. mentioned periods of the first day of January and the thirtieth day of April which shall Between before-men-be in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and in every succeeding january'and *soth year between the years-herein appointed for thegenerai registration of the slaves within April, anannuai «-this island and.its dependencies, every person, resident in the said island, or in any of itS'depcndenoieSj Who shall bein hepossession of any slayetorslaves within the,same, to the fom» |f fi&e-

fi8, D 4 'whether duloannexed (B)1

32

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

to be entitled, ° An-jjual Return of In-crc.ife and Decrease of Slaves,” and to contain an account of all deaths and births of Haves during the immediately preceding }'«r}

and the causes of the death to be certified by a medical practitioner.

And also an account of deductions or additions. whether by /ale, birth, or purchase, or otherwise.

to be particularly dc-Jcribcu}

and aggregate number of slavea comprised in preceding return, as well ns number possessed nt the time of making return} and If no alteration during the preceding year to be lb Hated.

Returns to be kept by registrar, nml tie-posited in his oflice, nnd duplicates, delivered back to pwy making funp.

PUufe 13*

whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator, receiver, lessee, attorney or agent, committee or guardian, executor or administrator, or in any other character, or who shall own or possess any slave or slaves whatsoever within the said island and its dependencies, whatever his her or their title, trust or interest, in any such slave or slaves may be, shall make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered, to the registrar, at the several places hereinbefore directed, an account or schedule in writing, by him her or them subscribed, agreeable to the form or schedule hereunto annexed, marked B, which schedule shall be entitled “ the annual return of “ th*» increase and decrease of slaves belonging to A. B. for the year , or

“ annual increase and decrease of slaves belonging to as proprietor

“ of estate, in the parish of ;” with such additions in either

case, as the absence of the proprietor from the said island may render necessary according to the form and manner hereinbefore prescribed for the general returns; and such schedule, together with the duplicates thereof, shall contain a true and particular account of all births and deaths which during the immediately preceding year shall have happened, of slaves belonging to the person or persons by whom or on whoso behalf such return is made, and the causes of such deaths respectively shall be certified by a surgeon or medical practitioner; and also an account of all deductions from or additions to the former number of slaves belonging to or in the possession of such person or persons within the same period, by other means than deaths or births 5 whether the same shall have happened by desertion, sale, or other transfer of property, or enfranchisement} or by the return of fugitives or absent slaves, or by any other ways or means whatsoever, which particular cause or mode of deduction or addition shall in all cases be distinctly specified in such last-mentioned returns; and in case of purchase, or other acquisition, or sale or other transfer or manumission of slaves formerly registered, the registered name and description of ovbry such newly purchased, or acquired, or transferred or manumitted slave, and of his or her former owner or owners, claimant or claimants, shall also be set forth at largo in such annual returns; and every such return shall also contain all such further particulars in respoct of any nowly-acquired slave named therein, as nro hereinbefore directed to be contained in the said general returns, in respect to age, colour, country, conspicuous marks, nnd when, by the death of the owner or any other cause, there shall havo been within the period any change of property in and possession of any slave from the owner or owners under whoso namo or names the same were registered, to any now owner or owners, such change of property and possession shall also be mentioned in the said annual returns; and such returns shall also state the aggregate number of slaves respectively comprised in the immediately preceding returns, ns well as the aggregate number of slaves belonging to or possessed by the person or persons at the time of making such returns respectively; but when there |ins been no alteration since the last return in the numbor or description of the slavos belonging to or possessed by the person or persons by or for whom the return is made, it shall be sufficient to state,44 no alteration since the last “ returnand the said annual return shall be kept by the registrar, and be deposited in his office, and the duplicate thereof, after having been compared with the other, shall, if found to correspond therewith in every particular, be immediately certified and signed by the said registrar, and delivered back to the person or persons making the same.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that every person making such annual returns as aforesaid shall take and subscribe the following oath before the registrar, which oath shall be annexed to the schedule or return; viz.— (C & do solemnly swear, that the contents of the annoxed schedule or return ^lull'retvinK ' “ arc true, and that the same contains, to the best of my knowledge and belief, a

44 full fair and correct account of all the births and deaths, and of the increase and decrease, whether occasioned by purchase, sale, or any other manner whatsoever, which have happened or taken place among the slaves in my possession, in the ${ capacity set forth in the title to this schedule, during the preceding year, nnd that the said return is made without fraud or evasion, according to the true intent ’ 44 and meaning of the act requiring this return to be made. So help me God.”

Signature,

Clause iti. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the periods for giving

dintr sntDe- such said annual returns to the registrar shall be for the year ending the thirty-loll, and for first day of December ope thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, and for every

k SUCCf3Cpi"Jj

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

33

succeeding fourth year, reckoning therefrom at the same times with those for the general registration, and that those for each and every of the intermediate years shall be as follows; that is to say, for the town of Saint George, from the first to the fifteenth day of January; for the parish of Saint George, from the sixteenth to the twenty-fifth day of January; for the parishes of Saint John and Saint Mark, from the fourth to Uie eighth day of February; for the parish of Saint Patrick, from the eleventh to the fifteenth day of February; for the parish of Saint Andrew, from the eighteenth to the twenty-second day of February; for the Parish of Saint David, from the twenty-fifth to the twenty-eighth day of February; and for the island of Carriacou, from the tenth to the twentieth day of March, in every such intermediate year aforesaid.

And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that as soon os any such annual returns as aforesaid shall have been duly made, and received determined by the registrar, he shall proceed to register and copy the same in a fair, distinct and legible manner, in a proper book'or sets of books to be kept by him for that purpose, precisely conformable with such annual returns, and shall make out aij, index thereof in the same manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the books of general registration; and the said registrar shall also make out duplicates of all and every such books containing the annual returns, and of the indexes thereto, and shall subscribe both the original and duplicates thereof with his name, and shall subjoin to each of the same an affidavit in the following form, to be made before the governor, lieutenant-governor, or other the commander-in-chief for the time being, who is accordingly authorized to take the same; viz. “ Personally appeared C.D, who being duly " sworn upon the Holy Evangelists, maketh oath und snith, Unit the preceding “ entries are true copies of the returns for the year ending one thousand eight “ hundred and t , he having carefully compared the same with the said

“returns remaining in his office;” which affidavit, being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the said governor, or commander-in-chief, who shall certify the same to have been sworn in manner hereinbefore directed in respect of the said books of general registry; and the said last-mentioned duplicate shall, on or before the twenty-filth day of July of each and every year wherein such annual returns only are required to be made, be delivered to the said governor, lieutenant-governor) or commander-in-chief, who shall certify Urn same to have been sworn in manner hereinbefore directed in respect of the said books of general registry; and the said last-mentioned duplicate shall then, by the first opportunity, he carefully and officially transmitted by him, the said governor, or commander-in-chief, to His Majesty’s principal secretary of state for the colonial department in England.

33

every succeeding fourth^ year, to be given in at lame time a* general return}.

Times specified for giving in annual return* when no general return required.

CUnfe 15,

A* soon at annual returns are made, registrar to proceed to copy the Cunc in bookt nrccifeiy fame as such annual returns, and to make out an index fame as to general returns, and duplicate returns and indexes, and Alb-icribe both original and duplicate, and ihbjoin Affidavit,

to be subscribed by registrar, and sworn before governor, who u to certify the fame

Duplicate of an mi*I returns to be deliver-cd to governor on or before afltly July fit wch year, to be certified and transmitted by him to the fecrc-tary offtate.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that on the completion and clause to, closing of the said book or books of annual record, and of all and every succeeding book or books of the annual increase and decrease of the slaves within these islands,

and previously to mnking the affidavit at such and every such time prescribed, in,

respect to the accuracy of the said book or books of annual increase and decrease, Separate abfirads of

he the said registrar shall and he is hereby required to nmke out and insert in the {oCbca

said book or books of annual record, respectively mid successively, a numerical nb- redftrarfor each

struct of the returns of cadi parish or district, including Carriacou and the Grcna- jl vr district, m?d

dines within this government, and from such separate abstracts he the said registrar abstractor ^frepte

shall and he is hereby directed and required to make out one general abstractor of the separate »b-

aggregate of the separate abstracts, exhibiting at one view and in one line the entire Jjj,)*’c Jf

state of the slave population, arid of the increase or decrease in the same during of Have popuiadop,

the year immediately preceding, and to which the annual returns aforesaid refer, jccrcxfc’vhlrTn6 an‘l

and shall insert such general abstract and separate abstracts in the said books of ceding year, anS^aii

annual record. }nft,rt ^roe |a

book* ol record

And whereas it is expedient to afford an opportunity to any person or persons Chufc it, who may unintentionally have omitted to make a return or returns, and to correct any errors or omissions which may have been inadvertently made in any Returns delivered to the registrar agreeably to the provisions of this act; be it therefore enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that if any owner or possessor of slaves shall make it appear to the satisfaction of the governor, or commander in chief, that? the non-delivery of his or her return to the registrar within the allotted period, or any error or omission therein, has arisen froirTaccident, insurmountable impediment, pr d8. E ' any

34

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

Governor authorized to pciXiit omitted returns, ta be maejeafter periods limited for giying in fijme, or to Correa errors "which imy hive been made Upon Satisfactory proof of error or omissions having arisen from accident, Stc. provided application be made with' tn two months.

Clause 18.

No erasure to be permitted in any books , of regillry, but a Jine of red ink to be dtawn through any , error or mil take in entries or copies)

, and words omitted to beeitherinterlined* ;or written in the margin, and registrar to l'ubscribehis name at length) but after general registration completed, no interlineation or other correiYmn on any account permitted^ except asafter provided.

Clause 19.

Perron* Wilfully omitting to make return oF any llaye within the periods specified, to forfeit > 200 li for each ‘ftaVe; One moiety thereof to be paid into the treasury, and the other to the informant filing for the (ante) and if atting in any representative character, to be liable to civil afliohs by ner-fons who may sustain injury or damage in confecpience of such cmission j

wltoj besides full reparation, fliallre- " cover treble costs. Piroviso, that no penalty mall attach for ronWetum of absent Haver, but names of such absent Hayes to bd specified in aOi-davit to returns)

alike penshyof 200 /. on persons making any excessive return for every Have returned over and above the actual number in possession of party roalcing return.

Clause 20.

any other sufficient cause, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor, or commander in chief, to make an'order in writing, by him subscribed and directed to the registrar, commanding him to receive and enrol any such return or rectified return, as if the Same had been made and delivered to him in proper time, which order the registrar is hPrcby directed and enjoined to obey: provided always, that application be made to the said governor or commander in chief within two months from the time within which such omitted return ought to have been made, or From the time when such return, requiring to be rectified, shall have been given in.

And be it also enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that no erasure shall on any pretence, or for any cause whatever, be at any time permitted to be made in any of fop ijaid books of registry.; but if any clerical error shall occur in the insertion of any name, description, or other particular tHereirt^ So that the same shall differ frotu the name, description, pr particulars cb'rifhifidd in the return from which the same was made, or if any other mistake Shall occur in tile making up and keeping the said books,of registry, a line of fed ink shall' be,draivn through any word or Words improperly inserted, so as to leave the original word or wordsPlegible, and the correction, thereof by the insertion of any word or Words which may nave been erroneously omitted, shall be either interlined or Written in the margin, and always, when practicable, by the same hand as the? rest of the same record or entry; and the registrar shall, either under such word or words so written in the margin, or under a mark of reference there made to any such interlineation, subscribe his nume at length; put after the general registry Of slaves shall at any time hereafter have been completed in the said books, and certified upon oath as hereinbefore directed, no interlineation, insertion, or other correction of the registry of any such general return shall ou any uccount be made Or permitted, except as hereinafter expressly provided.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that if any person shall wilfully neglect or omit to make and deliver a schedule or return of the slaves in his or her possession, pursuant to the directions ami requisitions of this act, within the ‘period allotted for enrolment in the general or annual registry, every such person so offending shall forfeit for every slave so wilfully neglected or Omitted to be returned t,hc sum of two hundred pounds currency of the Said island, to be recovered ns hereinafter mentioned, the one mojiety of such penalty to be paid into the public treasury for the use of the colony, and the other moiety to the person who shall sue for the same; and in case the party so-offending shall lmvo possession Gf any such slave or slaves so wilfully neglected or omitted to be returned for registration ns aforesaid* in the capacity or character of mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator or receiver, lessee, attorney, executor, guardian, or other representative of any person or persons, he or she shall not only forfeit for every slave so wilfully neglected or omitted to be returned, the stiid sum of two hundred pounds current money, to be recovered and appropriated in mannor above stated, but shall moreover be liable to the civil suits or actions of all and every person and persona who shall or may sustain atiy dnmngo or injury by any such wiltul neglect or omission; and who shall, besides full reparation for every such damage or injury, be entitled to recover against the party so offending treble costs of suit: provided always, that no person" shall be liable to any penalty as aforesaid for or in respect of any slave or slaves Who mhy liavo absconded, or hnvo been but of his or her control at the time of making such general or subsequent returns as aforesaid, so that such person do and shall Specify the name pr names of such slave or slaves in the affidavit hereinbefore required to be annexed to the respective schedules or returns; and all and every person or persons wilfully making any excessive-return of the slave or slaves iii hits Her or their possession at the time of making such said return, shall for each and' every Slave So given in and returned, over and above the actual number of slaves possessed by such person, be also liable to the aforesaid penalty of two hundred pounds currency, tube recovered and applied in manner hereinbefore pointed out in cases of slaves Wilfully omitted to be returned as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the collectors of the j tomi for the ports of customs for the ports of Saint George and Grenville respectively, shall, previous to i Sc. George and Gren- the thirty-first day of January in each and every year after the passing of this act,;

make and return to the registrar a list of all slaves who in the course of the pra- ] J / y ' ceding

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

35

{ <jedingtwdve months shall have been exported from these ports respectively, with the year, to make k.

: name or names of the person or persons licensed to export such slave or slaves; and f

\ in ease, at die period of any such annual return as aforesaid, it shall be proved 10 jading twelve

the satisfaction of the registrar that there is no person within this colony, either by

reason of change of residence, or otherwise, liable to make such annual returns of the to

tlave or slaves so exported, then and in every such case the registrar is hereby m.\ke return of inch

« authorized and directed to enter in his registry the name or names of the last- e?fQrtwl

mentioned slave or slaves^ corresponding with the returns made to him by the col- Certify lectors, or chief officers of the customs for the respective ports aforesaid; and every w*«ra» of col!«&or, such registration as last directed, signed by the registrar, and certified by him to be nu*ltS», of correct, to the best of his knowledge and belief, shall be deemed and taken as a sufficient registration within the intent and meaning of this act, and be ns valid as if v made by the owners or possessors of such slave or slaves; and the said collectors, or Penalty of 100l. cutv

chief officers of the customs for Ahe ports aforesaid, or either of them, omitting to lt!?<70«col,e^r*

make such return aforesaid, within the time hereby limited and prescribed in each tom* %^s)taTt9 t and every year, shall, for every such omission respectively forfeit the sum of one paid by person» hundred pounds currency, to be paid by the person so omitting to make such return, return*® and to be recovered^by the said registrar, who is accordingly authorized and directed for and ^covered by to sue for the same in the name of the King, through His Majesty's attorney-general, n'’p,c<r

or oilier low-officer of the crown for this colony, and the same to be applied to t r»v colony.

>1 uses thereof.

And be it also enacted,( by the authority aforesaid, that any person* or persons whatsoever who shall knowingly and willingly make, or aid, abet, and assist in making any false or fraudulent entry in any of the said books of registry, or the duplicates thereof respectively hereby directed to be made, or shall fraudulently erase, obliterate oralter, or aid, abet, and assist in fraudulently erasing, obliterating or altering any entry which shall have been duly made in any of the said books of registry? shall upon conviction of any such offence suffer death, as in case of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Clause st.

Person* conviRed of nuking, abetting, or tiffining in nuKinf; any false or fraudulent entry in, or crafing or altering any entry in book* of registry. guilty of felony witbo licno* lit of clergy.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that if the registrar shall in the exercise of his said office wilfully neglect or refuse to receive for registration any return, and to give a receipt for the same, or to make any entry which lie ought to make, according to the directions hereinbefore contained, and the true intent and* meaning of this act, the registrar so offending shall upon conviction of any such offence in the supreme court of judicature, be punished by fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, nor less than two hundred pounds current money ns aforesaid of Grenada* to be paid into the public treasury of this island, and for the public uses thereqf y and every registrar so offending shall be removed from his office or appointment, and shall be and ho Is hereby declared to be incapable of enjoying the same office and appointment again; and shall, moreover, with his securities, be liable to the civil suits or actions of all persons who shall sustain any damage or injury by any such offence, who besides full reparation for every such damage or injury shall recover against such offender double costs of suit.

Clause £9.

Registrar wilfully negleilingtny oftfie dude* of Jii* offict;, pursuant to tbc dircc-tion of tldi»&,upon conviction thereof in the supreme court, to be puniflted by fine not icf* than 200l. or exceeding 300l. be removed from hi* office, and declared intapable'of enjoying fame, and be lrable, with hi* Airetiti, to civil action* of panic* ag-

Srieved, and to ouble cog*.

And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that a copy or extract hr the Chuse 33.

« registered list or schedule of slaves belonging to any plantation, or to any parti' Registr*r to deliver cular owner or owners, or of any such annual return os is hereinbefore directed to cop?« 1 of "all murn* be made, shall at any time after the registry thereof, nt the request of any person or cntrle*, gt any or persons whomsoever, and at the expense of such person or persons so requiring ^of'^any^cr. the same, be duly certified, made and delivered, so certified by the said registrar, son* requiring t|ib* to him her or them so applying as aforesaid; and all persons shall hayo free liberty Ameattbelrtxpeufe. to inspect the said books at all times, in the presence of the registrar, or of any of Liberty to all prrfoiy his clerks, from nine of the clock in the morning, until three of the clock in the to; afternoon of each and every day (Sundays excepted), upon paying such fee as is; hereinafter mentioned.

5 And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the said registrar shall be clause a*.

J entitled to demand and receive the following fees of office, and no morej that is to RegiflrarVw. say, for every search into each separate return of slaves in his registry, the sum of two shillings and three pence currency; for every certified copy or extract from his book of registry, not exceeding ninety-six words, the sum of nine shillings currency; and for every such copy or extract exceeding ninety-six words, at the rate of ttyo \68. E2 . ‘shillings

36

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

shillings and three pence like currency for every additional ninety-six words therein: contained, such fees to be paid by the persons respectively requiring such extracts, I!

copies or certificates as aforesaid; but the said registrar shall not be entitled to any j

fee for searching his records to enable him to grant such certificates as aforesaid-

clause 25. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that in case any person or persons

Perforio taking false whomsoever shall be guilty of any false and wilful forswearing in taking any oath vision^of thiTa^or under the proceedings of this act, or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborning others,de- suborn any person to take any such oath falsely, he she or they being thereof duly ’ ju^and'twiornafion convicted, shall for every such offence incur the pains and penalties inflicted by law of perjury. on all such persons as commit wilful and corrupt perjury, or that procure and suborn,

any person to commit wilful and corrupt perjury. C

clause 20. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that if any action, bill, plaint, suit

Person* sued under or prosecution, shall be brought against any person or persons for any act. matter or dwd genera!ert$ruc° thing to be done, or for any default in omitting any act, matter or thing directed to and give aft in cvi- be done by virtue of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every ‘k"'* person and persons sued or prosecuted as aforesaid to plead thereto the general

issue, that he she or they is not or are not guilty, and to give such special matter in evidence to the jury which shall try the issue; which special matter being pleaded, had been good and sufficient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants of the matter or thing laid to his, her or their charge.

Clause 27. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the person so appointed

of§afte»r*o fwwpto 0l' to appointed registrar as aforesaid, if in possession of any slave or slaves

fanwbefore Wgover- himself, shall and he is hereby required to take such oath before the governor, nor. lieutenant-governor, or other the commander-in-chief for the time being, as he is

Required to administer to persons giving in returns of slaves aforesaid, for the purpose of being registered under this act.

Clause 20. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the registrar’s office

Registrar’s office to shall at all times be kept and held in the town of Saint George, and the hours of sr. George!"town of attendance therein shall be from nine Of the clock in the morning until three of the ' clock in the afternoon.

clause ao. And whereas it may have happened that some person or persons residing within

this government, and owning or possessing slaves therein, have from ignorance or ' misapprehension omitted to make any return or returns of slaves os required by the

act, in this case made and provided, whereby certain penalties have been incurred; be it therefore enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that upon such proof being made f before the governor, or communder-in-chief for the time being, as he shall deem sufficient, by affidavit of the party making such return, that no fraud was intended,; lawful for governor it shall and may be lawful for the said governor, or commander-in-chief, to exempt, mrUeiwhoniay^ave indemnify, and free all and every such person and persons who shall have so unm-; incurred penalties tentionnlly omitted to make his her or their return or returns as aforesaid, from

-under a formed aft. ancj 0gainst all penalties and forfeitures so incurred as aforesaid.

clause so. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that in case the registrar to be j

Registrar authorized appointed under and by virtue of this act shall at any time during the periods herein-; to him durilig before directed for taking the general or annual returns, be prevented by sickness sickness only) (such sickness to be ascertained by the oath of a licensed medical practitioner) I from performing the duties hereby required of him, he shall and may, by deputation; under his hand and seal, nominate and appoint some other person to act. as his providedfuchdeputy deputy in the said office: provided always, that such deputy be first approved of |" vernonn council mid ty fi)e governor or commander-in-chief, and His Majesty’s council, and also by registrar’i sureties, the persons being securities, for the faithful discharge of the duties of the said 1 nndon taking oath, registrar, and shall take the oath hereby appointed to be taken by the 3aid registrar , for the faithful discharge of the duties of the said office; and it is hereby declared, tief*refr"nfibic^for* evei7 such registrar, and his said securities, shall be responsible for the acts

aft, o?deputy.* or and conduct of such deputy; and that the acts of every such deputy, in all matters relating to the said office of registrar, shall be as valid and effectual Us if done by the said registrar himself, so long as the said registrar shall remain incapable of; performing the duties of the said office from the cause aforesaid.

Clause 31.

Declared a public act.

And be it also enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall be deemed i and taken to be a public act, and all judges, justices and others, are required to j nolice it as such accordingly.

And;

rsa

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

37

And whereas the present act being of great importance may by experience be comfe sj. found defective, and require alteration, be it therefore further enacted, that this act shall continue iu force from the day of the publication ther eof for and during in force For ten years. the period of ten years, and no longer.

Passed the Assembly this 19th day of November i8ai.

(signed) John Ch. Ker, Clk. of Assembly.

Passed assembly,

19 th November 1091

Passed the Council this 23d day of November 1821.

(signed) Ousley Rowley, Dr Clk. of Council.

Parted council,

93d November 1821.

Dated at the town of Saint George, in the island of Grenada, this 29th day of Dated the November, in the year of our Lord 1821, and in the second year of the reign of 20th November to-H. V our Sovereign Lord George the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the Uuited King-\ dom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith.

(signed) Rob' II. Church, Speaker.

Assented to by his Excellency the Governor, and Commander-in-Chief, this 29th Artcnted to, ^November, in the year of our Lord 1821, of His Majesty’s reign the second. sou November 1 u

(signed) Ousley Rowley, Depi Clk. of the Council.

PHINEAS (1.. m. s.) RIALL.

Grenada. Duly published and proclaimed in the town of Saint George, this PubHflmt,

;3d day of December, in the year of our Lord 1821, and in the year of His Majesty s 3d December urn reign the second.

(signed) J, Boucher, P. M. G.

r

(A.)

A LIST OF SLAVES.

NAME. Supposed Age. Colour. Country. Contpicuooi Murks. REMARKS.

Yean. I WALES:

Cudjoe - 26 black Africa ... country marks on the lace.

Sam 25 mulatto 1 Creole of Grenada - none.

Daphnes 34- dark yellow Creole of Martinique lost the fingers of - - This man met

the left hand. with an accident,

and hisfingerswerc

FEiL ILES: amputated in con-

Fanchine - black - Creole of Grenada - none. sequence about six months since.

Thercse 23 mulatress Creole of Tobago - none.

Cccile - 2 S black Creole of Grenada - none.

Three Males and Three Females.

(signed) A- B. Proprietor [or, Attorney],

Note. The title to the Schedule to be filled up by the person)

Tuaking the Return, according to the capacity in which he makesAffidavit here.

Jt, agreeably to the provisions of the Act. J

£3

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

(B.)

ANNUAL RETURN of the Increase and Decrease of Slave,.

‘ INCREASE:

r- NAME. Age* Colour. Cuunlry, . —✓Vl . Howacquircd. Completions Marks. ’ Mother's Name and Remarks. jC 1 A 0 3 a

James black m by birth - Mary Ursule, born 30th Sept. 1

June m mulatfess m m w* d* Terese - - d* 3d Feb. m 1

Tom 10 black r C/cplc of Gre- purchased from none - - ... - . - I

- - nyda. H. Smar

Juliet 37 mulatress Creole of To-bacro. legacy from Ann Thomas.,) - 1

Increase by birth - - - 1 1 I 3 1

Two Males and Two females. Increase otherwise - a 1 t

Total Increase - - - 3 % 3

DECREASE:

/— 1 ' \

Country. Manner of Death, Conspicuous REMARKS. u

NAME, Age. Colour. Or hoar disposed. Marks. W 1 1

William - 40 mestiffo - Creolo suicide none hung himself, or otherwise (as the case may be). 1 -

Edward 13 mulatto - Creole of Gre- dysentery 1 —

nada.

Jenny - fio black Africa - ’ - dropsy - country marks had-been a long time sick - 1

on face.

Rose - - 36 d° Do - child-bed none - the cltild was still born - - 1

Robert - S3 mulatto - Creole of Barbadoes. sold to Wm Antic none - 1 -

Total by Decrease - a 3

Increase 3 3

Two Males and juirco A'cmwcs. Actual Decrcaso - 1

..day. of 18331 Number of Slaves Plant" Return - 3 3

(signed) Totai. - - - s 3

IVpfcv—Tho title of the Schedule to bc\ fillet) up ns before mentioned. j Affidavit below.'

Grenada, N° 8.

An Act to Continue an Act, intituled, “ An Act for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies and certain other Acts for amending the same,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act, intituled, An Act for establishing a Registry of Negro and

other Slaves in the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies, was made and passed on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to con- . tinue in force for the space of four years from the date thereof, and two other acts, bearing date respectively the thirtieth of September one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and fourteenth of November one thousand eight hundred and icighteen, were also made and passed to alter arid amend the Said act, which said several aets will soon expire: And whereas it is expedient that the said acts should be continued in force, We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful, loyal and obedient subjects, His Excellency the Governor and Commander in Chief of these Islands, the Members of Your Majesty’s Council, and the Representatives of the People of the said Islands in General Assembly convened, pray Your most excellent Majesty, that

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES,

J i may be enacted and ordained, and be it and it is enacted and ordained, by authority of the same, that the above-recited acts shall be continued and remain in Duration of recited force, and the same are hereby continued and declared to be in force, from the day “tend«ft0 before the expiration thereof until the thirty-first day of December next^ unless ccca r in the mean time some further provision shall be made and enacted by foe legislature of these islands for carrying into execution foe purpose of the before-recited acts.

Passed the Assembly this sixteenth day of March one thousand eight hundred f^ed the assembir

tl,cntv.nA 6 and council the

and twenty-one. ieth mu

John Chv Ker, Clerk of Assembly.

Passed the Council this sixteehfo day of March one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

Ousley Rowley, Dy Clerk of the Coun‘.

Dated at the town of Saint George, in foe island of Granada, this seventeenth Dated mh of Marci*. day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty- 1031* one, and in the second year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the fourth, by foe grace of God of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Ring, defender of the faith, and so forth.

John Hayes, Speaker.

Assented to by His Excellency the governor, and commanded in chief, this-seventeenth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

Ousley Rowley, Dr Clerk of the Council.

PHINEAS (l. m. s) RIALL.

Duly published in the town of Saint George, in the island of Grenada aforesaid, this nineteenth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

(signed) J. Boucher, P. M. G.

A true Copy.

(signed) Ousley Rowley, Dr Seer,

Grenada. N#().

An Act to amend an Act, intituled, “An Act for continuing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies.

WHEREAS by an act of these islands, intituled, “An Act for continuing a Registry Prwnb,. “ of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Grenada and its Dependencies,’" it is amongst other things enacted, that between the therein-mentioned periods of the first day of January and the thirtieth day of April which shall be in foe year one thousand eight; h»m^ and twenty-two, apd iii every succeeding year between foe years therein appointed for general registration of foe slaves within this island and its dependencies, any person resident in the said island, or in any of its dependencies, who shall he in the like possession of any slave or slaves within the same, whether as proprietor, mortgagee, trustee, sequestrator, receiver, lessee, attorney or agent, committee or guardian, executor or administrator, or in any other character,.or who shall own or possess any slave or slaves whatsoever Within the said: island and its dependencies, whatsoever his her or their title, trust or interest in any such slave or slaves may be, shall make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered, to the registrar, at the several places thereinbefore described, am account or schedule in writing, by him or them subscribed, agreeable to the form or schedule thereunto annexed, marked B, which schedule shall be intitled, “ the annual return of increase; “ and decrease of slaves belonging to A. B. for the year “ or annual, increase and decrease of slaves belonging to as proprietor

41 of estate* in foe parish of ” with such additions in

e 4 either

t

40

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

Clftufc 1.

In cafci where slaves may have died without medical attendance, and certificate of cause of death of any slave cannot be procured, affidavit of fame before registrar or a magistrate to be admitted and received.

Preamble.

Clause 3.

In cases where medical attendance cannot be procured, affidavit of cause of death by the person having charge of such Haves, before registrar or a justice of the peace, admitted.

Clause a,

Registraron receiving returns to compare number from last return, and where numbers brought forward not correct to return /amc to be rectified.

either case as the absence of the proprietor from the said island may render necessary, according to the form and manner thereinbefore prescribed for the general returns; and such schedule, together with the duplicate thereof, shall contain a true and particular account of all births and deaths which during the immediately preceding year shall have happened, of slaves belonging to the person o? persons by whom or on whose behalf such return is made, and the causes of such deaths respectively shall be certified by a surgeon or medical practitioner: And whereas it may have happened that a slave or slaves belonging to or in the possession of a person or persons within the said island and its dependencies, during the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, may have died without having been 'Attended by a surgeon or medical practitioner, or the surgeon or medical practitioner who may have attended any such slave or slaves so dying may have died during the said year, whereby it may have become impossible for the owner or owners, possessor or possessors of such slave or slaves, to procure a certificate of the cause of death of such slave or slaves as is required by the said act:

And whereas doubts have arisen, whether the registrar is justified ip receiving any return'wherein the cause of death of any slave or slaves is omitted to be certified in manner aforesaid, be it enacted, by his Excellency Phineas Riall, esq. governor and commander-in-chief in and over the island of Grenada and its dependencies, the members of His Majesty’s council, and the representatives of the people of the said island in general assembly convened, and it is hereby enacted, by the authority of the same, that in every such cuse wherein a slave or slaves may have died without being attended by a medical practitioner, or where a certificate of the cause of death cannot be procured as above stated, it shall and may be lawful for the person having charge of such slave, and making the return, or any other competent person, having knowledge of the circumstance, to make affidavit of the same before the registrar, or a justice of the peace of this island, or any of its dependencies, rind the registrar is hereby authorized and required to receive the return, with the said affidavit annexed, and to register the same.

And whereas it may happen that some person or persons may own or possess a slave or slaves in remote situations in this island, or in some of the sinullcr islands within this government, where no surgeon or medical attendant may reside, whereby it will become impracticable, in case of the death of any such slave or slaves, to procure such certificate of the cause of his her or their death, as is required by the said recited act:

Be it therefore enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the cause of death of any such slave or slaves which may occur during the present or any future year, to be verified by affidavit of the person having charge of such slave or slaves, and making the return, or of any: other person having knowledge of, the circumstance, such affidavit to be made before the registrar, or a justice of the peace of this island, or any of its dependencies j and the registrar is hereby authorized and required to receive the return, with the said affidavit annexed, and to register the same.

And whereas it is necessary that particular care be taken that the general and annual returns‘be correct, and mistakes may arise in bringing forward the total number of slaves from the preceding return; be it and it is hereby enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that on receiving every return, the registrar shall compare the; same with the return made the preceding year, in order to ascertain that the number of-slaves brought forward be correct, And in every case wherein it shall appear not , to he so, he shall return it to the person tendering the same, in order that the same may be explained and rectified.

i t Bated at the Town of St. George, in the said Island of Grenada, this twenty* I second day of November, in the third year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord j George the Fourth, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender , of the Faith, and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

(signed) John JJayes, Speaker.

Passed the Council this twenty-second day of May, in the year of our Lord pne thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

(signed)- Ousky Rowley, Clerk of Council.

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

41

Passed the Assembly tins twentieth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

(signed) John Ck. Ker, Clerk of Assembly.

Assented to by his Excellency the Governor and Commander-in-chief this twenty-second day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

(signed) Ousley Rowley, Dy Clerk of the Council, (signed) PHINEAS (l.m.s.) RIALL.

Grenada.—Duly proclaimed in the Town of St. George, this sixth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and of His Majesty’s reign the third.

(signed) J. Boucher, Provost Marshal General.

A true Copy.

Ousley Rowley, Secretary.

St. Christopher, N“ 10.

An Act to remove any doubts which may exist as to the time of making the first Triennial Return of Slaves for Registration, under An Act of this Island, intituled, “An Act for establishing a Registry of Negro and other Slaves in the Island of Saint Christopher.”

WHEREAS in and by the above-mentioned act it is declared, that at the end of forty-two days therein mentioned the registrar shall proceed finally to close and authenticate the primary or original registration of all the slaves in this island, which shall thenceforth be called the original registry of slaves of the island of Saint Christopher, in manner following; to wit, in each of the said books, or in the last of any set of such books, the said registrar shall write, with his own bund, in large legible characters, immediately after the last entry of the said returns or lists of slaves, either on the same folio or double page, or on the last leaf containing the same, “ here ends the original registry of slaves of the island of Saint Christopher;” and the said registrar shall thereto subscribe his name, and affix his seal; and below the said signature shall be written, in like characters, determined by the said registrar, an affidavit therein particularly prescribed; and that the same affidavit, being subscribed by the said registrar, shall be sworn before the governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil commander-in-chief, who shall subscribe thereto a certain certificate, therein particularly prescribed, under his hand and seal; and it is in and by the said act further enacted, that from and after the expiration of three years, to be computed from the time when any such original registry shall be completed and authenticated ns aforesaid, and after every succeeding period of three years in times to come, on the first ' day of January in the next following year, or within ten days after that day every person resident in this island who shall be in the lawful possession of any slave or c slaves within this island, shall make and deliver, or cause to be delivered, info the office of the said registrar of slaves for the time being, an account or schedule in writing, by him or her subscribed, to be called the Triennial Return of Slaves, in manner therein particularly mentioned: And whereas though the closing of the said primary or original registration, and the affidavit prescribed to be made by the registrar, before the governor, lieutenant-governor, or civil commander-in-chiefj and Certified by him as aforesaid, were not perfected and made by reason of the length of time necessarily occupied in copying the returns into the registrars books, until the tenth day of January in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighteen; yet doubts are entertained whether, according to the intention of the said act> the time for making the first triennial return be the first day of January next, or within ten days after, or the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, or within ten days after that day; Now, therefore, to remove jail such ' doubts which ought not to be permitted to exist in a matter of such importance,* , weYo.ur Majesty’s most loyal and dutiful subjects, the commander-in-chief in-and

F over '

42

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

ever Saint Christopher’s, Nevis, Anguilla, and the Virgin Islands, and the council and assembly of the island of Saint. Christopher, pray Your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and declared, and be it and it is hereby enacted and declared, by and with the authority aforesaid, that it was the true intent and meaning of the said act that the period for making the first triennial return of slaves for registration should commence, to be computed from the closing of the original registration, and the making the affidavit aforesaid; and that the time for making the said first triennial return, according to the intention of the said act, will be the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, or within ten days after.

Dated at Saint Christopher, the thirtieth day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and in the first year of his Majesty's reign.

M. Wharton Raxdins, Speaker.

Passed the Council this 23d day of December 1820.

Tho' Harper, Clk. C*.

Passed the Assembly this 23d December 1820.

John Hazcll, Jf, Clerk of Assembly.

JOHN W. D. (l.s.) WILSON.

Saint Christopher.

Published in the towns of Basseterre, Old Road, and Sandy Point, on Monday the 1st day of January, in the year of our Lord 1821.

I. Woodcock, D. P. M.

A true copy.

Tho* Harper, Colonial Secy.

Satnt Lucia, N° 11.

A Proclamation, calling the attention of the Inhabitants to the penal nature of the Enactments contained in the Order in Council, of the twenty fourth of September one thousand eight hundred and fourteen, establishing a public Registry, within the Island of Saint Lucia, for the Registration and Enrolment of all the Slaves, in so far as the same may relate to the Omission or Falsification of the Returns thereby required.

By His Excellency John Montagu Mainwaring, Major-General, Commandant of His Majesty’s Troops in the Island of St. Lucia, and administering the Civil Government, &c. &c. &c.

WHEREAS by the report of the registrar of the slaves, in date of the second of April one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, drawn up from the triennial returns of the slave population of the said island, delivered in one thousand eight, hundred and nineteen, it has appeared that a very considerable number of the slaves within this said island, returned at the primary registration of one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, have been omitted to be accounted for in the returns given in at the subsequent registration of One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And whereas instructions adverting to that circumstance having been transmitted to me by His Majesty’s government, and having submitted the same to the consideration of His Majesty’s privy council in the said island, and taken their opinion thereupon, I have deemed it to be expedient to issue this present proclamation, and to call the attention of the.inhabitants, proprietors of slaves in this the said island, to the penal nature of the enactments contained in the order in council of the twenty-fourth of September one thousand eight hundred and fourteen, establishing a public registry within the island of Saint Lucia, far the registration, and enrolment of all the slaves, of which a translation, with marginal references, has been recently published, in 00 far as the same may relate to the omission or falsification of returns to be given in to the said registrar, at the period&fixed for the registration of slaves, ‘by the two ureters subsequently passed,by His Majesty in, council, on the j eighteenth of . September one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and third ot' August one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, declaring, iu conformity with '>

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

43

43

the aforesaid instructions, as it is hereby declared, that it is the determination of government to enforce the penalty of the law against all persons who shall be found offenders in that respect, at the expiration of the period fixed for receiving the triennial returns to be given in this present year; which period, by the aforesaid order in council of the third of August one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, is declared to expire on the last day of the month of February.

Given under my hand and seal of government, at Government House, the fifteenth day of January, in the second year of His Majesty's reign, and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

By His Excellency's Command.

(signed) H. T. S/uae. P. Scc>.

Saint Vincent, N° 12.

An Act to amend the Registry Act, and to provide more effectually for the taking of the Triennial Returns of Slaves.

WHEREAS several clauses in an act, passed in the year of our Lord one Preamble, thousand eight hundred and seventeen, for the purpose of establishing a registry of negro and other slaves in the island of St Vincent and its dependencies, which relate to the taking of triennial returns, are not sufficiently explicit, and it is \ expedient to make some alterations therein, we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, rear-admiral Sir Charles Brisbane, knight, commander of the most honourable military order of the Bath, captain-general and governor in chios in and over the island of St. Vincent and its dependencies, and the council and assembly of the same, humbly pray Your Most Excellent Majesty,

That it may be enacted, and be it and it is hereby enacted, by the authority Clause 1. aforesaid, that the eleventh clause of the said net, intituled, “ an act for establishing Kcpwioftlie mu <c a registry of negro and other slaves in the island of St. Vincent and its dopen- c *use*

” dencics, shall be repealed, and the some is hereby repealed accordingly

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the first triennial Clause a. return of slaves shall be taken by the registrar some time in the month of January Time of ,n*king rein the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and in the said month in tumi* every succeeding three years to come, at the registrar's office in Kingstown; and every person who shall’be in possession of any slave or slaves, in any character whatsoever, refusing to attend and make such return, made up to the thirty-first day 01 December preceding, shall be subject to the penalties enumerated in the

tenth clause of the Registry Act 5 and the neglect or default of the registrar shall be

punished according to the fifteenth clause of the said act.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the return of all slaves cb.use a. residing in Bequia and the Grenadines, shall and may be taken by any justice of orcilSincj!”the the peace resident therein, upon the application of the^ registrar to such justice, under a penalty of twenty pounds; and the registrar himself shall swear to the return of his own. slaves, and the slaves of any person absent from the island, for whom he may he the sole attorney, before a judge of the King’s Bench and Common Pleas, who is hereby authorized to administer such oath.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that if any person shall be clause 4. prevented by sickness "or infirmity from" attending the registrar at the time and Netumj of rick per-place appointed, it shall and may be lawful for such person to swear to his or her return before any justice of the peace; provided always, that an affidavit of his

or her sickness or infirmity shall likewise be made by the party, and certified by

some medical person.

And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the said returns shall Clause 5. be made according to the schedule to this act annexed, and shall contain a true and Returns how made, particular account of all births and deaths of slaves belonging to the person or persons on whose behalf such return is made, within three years next preceding since the original or last triennial returns were made; and also an account of all deductions from or additions to the former stock of slaves belonging to or in the possession of such person or persons within the same.period, by other means than deaths

fo8. y o or

44

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

Or births-, whether the same shall have happened by permanent desertion, sale, or other transfer of property, or manumission, or by the return of runaway or absent slaves, or by any other ways and means whatsoever, which particular cause or mode of deduction or addition shall in all cases be distinctly specified in such returns; and in cases of purchase, or other acquisition, or of sale, or other transfer, or manumission of slaves formerly registered, the registered name arid description of every such newly purchased, acquired or transferred, or manumitted slave, or of his or her former owner or owners, claimant or claimants, shall also be set forth at large in such triennial return; and every such return shall also contain all such further particulars, in respect of every newly acquired slave named therein, as are directed to be contained in the original return; and when, by the death of the owner, or any other cause, there shall have been within the period to which the return relates any change of property in and possession of any slave from the owner or owners under whose names the same were registered, to any new owner or owners, such change of property and possession shall also be mentioned in the said return; and such returns shall also state the whole number of slaves belonging to or possessed by the person or persons mentioned in such return; but when there has been no alteration since the last return in the number or description of the slaves belonging to or possessed by the person by or for whom the return is made, or the property thereof, it shall be sufficient to state the whole number of slaves, and to add “ no alteration required by law to be specified has taken place since the last return."

clause 6. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the oath to be taken

Oaths how taken, by the person making the return shall be the same as is prescribed by the twelfth clause of the said Registry Act, and it shall be deemed necessary and requisite that the said oath shall be annexed to the return, in print or in writing, but that it shall not be copied into the registry-books.

clause 7. And whereas by the sixth clause of the registry act the registrar is prohibited

Column for correc- from making any interlineation, insertion, or other correction, in the books of the t‘onl* registry after the same were completed: And whereas it is expedient that a column

for corrections should be introduced in the said books be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the registrar is hereby authorized and directed to form an additional column in the books ofanginal registry, to be entitled “corrections," wherein any slaves mentioned in the triennial returns as having died, being sold, or otherwise transferred, manumitted, or run away during such period, shall be marked as such by the registrar in red ink, with a referohee to the page where the name of such slave is entered in the books containing the triennial returns, any thing contained in the said clause in nnywiso notwithstanding.

Clause o. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that a book shall be pro-

Bock* for omitted re- vided by the registrar, wherein the returns of nil slaves which were omitted in the turni, and how paid * of original registry, and afterwards ordered to be registered by the commander in chief, shall be inserted, and likewise all copies of certificates of the registration of slaves from other islands; and all books necessary for the purposes of currying this act into execution, and for furnishing copies of the several returns to His Majesty’s government shall be provided at the public expense.

clause o. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that the fees of the registrar

Fees payable to for copies of any return shall be three shillings for every one hundred and sixty words,

itgmrar. a figure counting as a word; for the certificate of one or move slave or slaves, the

sum of ten shillings.

Dated in Kingstown, this eighteenth day of September, in the second year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Fourth of the United Kingdom of Great Britain arid Ireland King, defender of the faith, and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

(signed) John Dalzell, Speaker.

Passed the Assembly, this 18th day of September one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

(signed)- Herbert P. Cox, Clerk of the Assembly.

Passed the Council, this nineteenth day of September one thousand eight hundred and twenty ;6n.ev.

(signed) Thoma Gaskin, Dep. Cl- of the Council.

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

45'

45

U

SCHEDULE.

TRIENNIAL HE I URN of Slaves belonging to, [or in the possession of] made up to the 31st of December 1821, by A, B.

Male*. Female*. Tout.

Given in at the last Return 11 9 20

Increase, between the 37th of March 1817 and 31st December 1821 3 1 3

13 10 23

Decrease in the same period - 1 3 4

Total - - - tm. 12 7

INCREASE:

NAME. Colour. Age. Employment. Cause of Increase.

DECREASE: Cause of Decrease.

Sworn to by A.B. according to the Oath prescribed by the Act, before me this ________ day of January one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one. A.B.

Assented to by his Excellency the Governor in Chief, this twentieth day of September one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

(signed) Thomas Gaskin, Dep. public Secretary.

(signed) CHARLES (Great Seal) BRISBANE.

Saint Vincent. Duly published in Kingstown this twenty-second day of September one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, and in the second year of His Majesty's reign.

(signed) J.G. Nanton, Provost Marshal General.

---

Ceylon, N° 13.

Regulation of Government.

Present, His Excellency the Governor in Council. A.D. 1818.

Regulation, N° 9.

A Regulation for securing to certain Children emancipated by the Proprietors of their Mothers the full benefit of such Proprietors Intentions, and for establishing an efficient Registry of all Slaves, and abolishing the joint Tenure of Property in the same.

[Recital of acceptance by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, of the voluntary offer by the greater number of proprietors of slaves in the]

1. WHEREAS his royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the name and on behalf of his Majesty, has been graciously pleased to accept the voluntary offer of the greater number of proprietors of slaves in the maritime provinces, and whose signatures appear to different copies of an address to His Royal Highness, of the tenor

46 ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

---

maritime provinces,

annexed to this regulation, and marked A. (which said copies, bearing their signa-Sa3renbom?ftheir tures, are of record in the office of the chief secretary to government of this colony), female naves on or that all children born of their slaves on and after the lath day of August i8ib,

after the 12th Au* chnuld he frpp rjprsous* gulllOKi, as appears Sn0U1U De ,ree Prisons.

by their address on record, of which a copy is annexed, (

>(A.)

Necessiry to provide g. And whereas it is necessary to provide effectually for securing to the persons inVto such emanci- >n whose favour this liberal and humane concession has been made, the full privileges pated personsthcad- thereof, and to provide for the support and tutelage of the children born, or to be ay-Kj p°ro- born> during their tender years:

vide for their tutelage and support during their tender years.

Tenure of Hares in juint property of the Covin, Nallun, and Pal I a caits, prejudicial to good order and police in thedif-trift of Jafthapatam. Its continuance will eventually tend to produce encroachments on liberties of now emancipated persons,nn(l presents obstacles to extension

All children of female Haves belonging to proprietors who have fuhfcrihrd the addresses to the Prince Regent, born on or after the 12th of August 1010, declared free.

3. And whereas the tenure of slaves of the Covia, Nallua, and Palla casts, in joint and undivided property, by several owners, has been found to be prejudicial to good order and polico in the province of Jaffnapatam, where that mode of tenure principally exists, and the continuance of the same must eventually tend to encourage and produce enchroachments on the liberties of persons who may, by the provisions of the arrangement above recited, become free, and to throw obstacles in the way of such persons, being owners of such slaves, who may be willing to follow the good example that has been held forth to them by the subscribers of the addresses afore* mentioned;

of this beneficent plan.

4. It is therefore enacted, by his excellency the governor in council, that in pursuance of the wishes of the subscribers above referred to, all and every the children of the female slaves who were, on the twelfth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or who may have since, or shall hereafter, come into the possession of such subscribers, or their heirs, executors or administrators, born on or after the said twelfth day of August, or who nmy hereafter be born of such female slaves, arc and shall be free.

All such subscriheri, 5. And it is further cnucted, that the said several subscribers to the said address, for* ofdomciHc ulld nd other persons, being proprietors of domestic slaves, such slaves not being of the Havei, not heingCo- costs of Covius, Pallas and Nullias, respecting whom is hereinafter provided, shall pSlaifto cnregiHer nud they are hereby required to enrcgisler the names, uges mid sexes, of their several the name*,ages, amt slaves, with the names, sexes and ages, of the children of such their female slaves; anUthe^nm specifying whother such children wore born before, or on, and after the twelfth day and ogei'of'tiw diiu of August one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in a register to be opened for druv of their female thut purpose by the provincial court in- the district in which such subscriber resides, £S*leKywSoi, within three months from the date of this regulation.

or after the 12th of August 1IUG, in the provincial court of the district in which they reftde, In three months from this date.

nalatundance & Provided that a personal attendance shall not be deemed necessary from the ?«ibewUto the nd- subscribers to the several addresses, for the purpose of effecting such registry as is drest, to enrcgiiicr herein above directed, but that a list of such male and female slaves, and their chil* may fciui'^ dl>en, shall and may be sent to the secretary oftho court, according to the form cording to form (B). annexed to this regulation, mid marked B, on which list the registry may take place; ^«|htcri in the dir*‘arid provided also, that in the districts of Manar, Batticalon, und the Mahagmnpuloo, tiaioa, Such registry may take place in the office of the sitting magistrates of those districts

gampatoo, to be kept respectively,* and that all mid singular the acts by the foregoing or hereinafter con-oy/uting magistrates. tnined clauses directed and authorized to be done by the secretaries of the provincial longing to mfnore to" courts respectively, shall be done in those three districts respectively by such sitting be made on appiica- magistrates; and' provided further, that the registry of slaves, the property of minors, of marked women*^ shad be mndc on the application of their natural or appointed guardians, fond of mar-theirhmbands. y ried women, on the application of their husbands on their behalf.

True copies of the 7. And it is further* enacted, that in order to facilitate the formation of the registry, to eaeh provincial true copies of the original addresses, bearing the signatures of the subscribers in each court, and original district, be forwarded to such provincial courts; and also the original lists bf slaves piied°und7rCminute’ coulPded or collected under the directions of his excellency the governor’s minute by the governor of of the thirtieth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

SOth August 18IC.

Cn death of any en- 8. And it is further enacted, that upon the death of any slave who shall have

t]ftho7deau7ofany been registered, or on the birth or death of any child of a slave (whether such child

child ofa Have, notice shall

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES. 47

shall, by the operation of this regulation, be free or not), notice thereof shall, within robe yiven by pro*

eight days after either event occurring, be given personally, or in writing, by the pro- fntt<Tin e'gbtoay# VV A otter the evenr, per-

pnetor of such slave, to the secretary of the provincial court of the district m which ibnaiiyor in writing.

he or she resides; and if in writing, according to the forms (C.) and (D.) respectively to provincial court 5

hereto annexed; and a registry thereof shall be made in a column allotted to that according1 to^om!

purpose in the original register, if the slave deceased, or the mother of the child, Cand d.

was registered in that district; and if the child born shall not be free, such child shall ^.eg1'tfter ti ,uc.h

also be registered as a new slave of the proprietor, or in a new book, according to the otigiLITregiaerl ft'iil

form of the notice transmitted, if the said slave deceased, or the mother of the child fiunediftrktt oc in

born, was registered in any other district; and in those last-mentioned cases, the said a1mThcr.°>°k> lf m

secretary shall send a copy of the notice to the secretary of the court where the Notice of new re-

originaf registry was made, in order that the same may be noted therein. , Sill,v ro be lent to 00 ” original regdter for entry therein.

9. And it is further enacted, that on the acquisition of any slave or slaves, whe- An acquisition of ther by purchase, gift, legacy, inheritance, or otherwise, the* person acquiring the

same shall, in a similar manner, personally, or in writing, according to the form (E,) to m’tliy the Tama notify the same to the secretary of the provincial court of the district in which he or she ta

resides, for the purpose of such change of property being enregistered by such sccre- form'^'to regriinr, tnry, either in the original register, or dc novo, as the register may be, in the same ?f dmpitin which or in another district, notifying, in the latter instance, the circumstances to the court chlnge'oV property Or office ot original registry. to be registered, and if in a new register, notice sent to original register of the slave*.

10. And it is further enacted, that certificates of the registry directed in and by certificate* or recir*

the 5th, sith, 8th and 9U1 Clauses of this Regulation, shall be issued by the said tric* above directed secretaries to the persons registering the same, at the expense of such parties, upon tlciat their expcnib’j a stamp of six fanams for each certificate of original registry, or of change of pro- on (lamp or fix fa-perty, or of a child not being free born, and on blank paper for each certificate of njm*,r?r certificate the registry of a free child born, and of the death of a slave or child. or ufSge^fpro-

perty, or birth of a child not free) and on blank paper of birth of free child, and death of a Have or child;

n. And it is further enacted, that any proprietor of slaves who shall fail to com- i'cn»itit« of not comply with the several provisions herein before enacted shall be liable to the following I’b’^s 'vifl‘ *gul»-peimltics respectively; 0 '*

Tor failing to enregister his or her adult slaves, os provided by the 5th Clause, % W1.in£ *° enre* within U10 time specified, or any fresh acquisition of slaves, the forfeiture of all »nyTiWKncquifftl‘o«^ right in and to the said slave or slaves not registered, and to nil the children of such forfeiture ot all right slave or slaves who shall be and are declared absolutely free. children of such fllvc £ btc2«!?frSy

For any omission in the number of children of each slave at the time of original For any omission In registry, a lino not exceeding one hundred rix dollars for each child wilfully or orl*

knowingly omitted; and for any wilful mis-statement of the time of birth of such gmaily. fine not . child, a line not exceeding quo hundred rix dollars, and imprisonment till such fine 5o?Ia«eschchiitt JS paid, omitted) fimiltr fine for wilful miftstement of date of birth j imprisonment till payment of fine.

For omitting to give notice within the time prescribed of the death of any slave, For omitting to give, or of any child of such slave, a fine of twenty rix dollurs, and imprisonment till jjc'r

SUcll fine is paid. 20 rix dollar*, and imprisonment till pzfij.

For omitting to give notice within the time prescribed of the birth of any child of a slave, if the child shall be by virtue of this Regulation free, a fine of two hundred rix ,t child free5* under dollars, and in default of payment, imprisonment at hard labour for a term not ,r,^ux exceeding twelve months. |n default of payment, imprisonment at hard labour, not exceeding twelve month*.

If the child would not have been free, a line not exceeding fifty rix dollars, if child not free, and imprisonment till such fins be paid, with forfeiture of all right and title to ta'iiTdollars, such child as a slave; and that one-half of all such fines shall go to our Lord imprisonment till the King, and the other half to the person suing for the same, before any provincial of diiufni afiave.^ court, or sitting magistrate, having local jurisdiction; and that it shall lie on the Half of fines to the defendant to prove that he has complied with the Regulation, by production of the certificate herein above directed to be issued of the registries herein commanded, before any court, or

68.

mapiftraw having'

local jurisdiction. Proof of compliance with regulation,to rest on defendant bypicduflion of certificate of registry,

48 ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

In case of unfounded and malicious prosecution, corapenfiv tion may be awarded ‘equivalent to fine and process of execution granted.

12. Provided always, that in any instance of a malicious and unfounded prosecution for offences against this regulation, it shall and may be lawful for the judge or magistrate before whom the case shall be tried, to award compensation from the prosecutor to the defendant, equivalent to the amount of fine which might have been adjudged to be paid by such defendant on conviction, and to grant process of execution to compel payment thereof, as in other civil actions.

Penalties over and 13. And it is further enacted, that the said penalties shall be over and above all iihmenTnow'by law suc^ punishment as by law now may be inflicted on persons detaining or pretending applicable to persons to detaiti free persons in slavery, or to use or dispose of them as such; it being detaining free per- in nowise intended by any thing herein contained to abrogate, annul, or alter such

ons m avery. lawS; ^ part

14. And it is further enacted, that every proprietor of a female slave whose child or children, or any one or more of them, arc or shall be free under this regulation, shall maintain such child or children until he she or they attain the age of fourteen years, and find them in food and raiment; such child or children of their slaves being bound to service, according to their abilities and age, to the said proprietors of their mothers, without any demand of wages therefor; and shall be liable to moderate castigation-for offences and neglects; and that if any such proprietor shall alienato a female slave, having a child or children free under this regulation, under the said age of fourteen years, such child or children shall accompany the mother, and be maintained and clothed by and be subservient to the person to whom the said female slave is transferred, till lie she or they shall have completed their fourteenth year.

children to accompany their mother, and be maintained by purchaser.

Every proprietor of a female Have, whose children are free, is to maintain and clothe fitch children till they are fourteen years old} in return for which, such children are bound to serve the said proprietor of their mothers without wages, and are fitb-jest to moderate castigation for oflenecs or neglects.

In calc of alienation of any female slaves,

lad” f afft mm . ’s father enacted, that from and after the 12th day of August, which

pnt0 property0 in will be in the year 1819, joint property in slaves, either domestic or belonging to liavei. of whatever the coast of Coviu, Nallua, or Palla, or under any other denomination, shall not be All rr sofn c la*faVvithin any fae maritime provinces of these settlements; and that all toi«fn tho*nameVof registries of slaves, under the provisions of this regulation, shall be only in the a fin pie proprietor name of a. single proprietor for euch sluvo; and all persons who now bold shares AllhoWe'soV(lam 8lavcs 111 common are therefore hereby peremptorily required, by agreement in common* required among themselves, to causo such tcnuro to ebase, either by division of the families to cauft such tenure of slaves among such holders of slaves, or by the salo of such slaves singly to actual pardtion^ or ono fa° present proprietors, or to a stranger, and division of the proceed* as may fab of1 have*, and be most practicable; and for the more effectual completion of winch partition or andfltrnmreefi^uai division of the value of such slaves in the provinces of Jaflnapatam and Trincomale, completion thi* further provision is, by a regulation bearing even date with these presents, made and illviuon in jaffnapa- enacted; provided that in such division or salb no child under fourteen years of age rSrthir provifimt fi shad be separated from the mothers of the same.

made by regulation of this date. No child under fourteen years to be separated from his mother on division,

On death of any proprietor of registered slaves, property to be divided in one month aftert or disposed of in due course of administration.

x6. And it is hereby further enacted, that on the death of any proprietor of slaves duly registered under this act, the property in such slaves shall be (within ono month after his or her death) distributed or disposed of in due course of administration among the heirs, either by actual division of the slaves among the heirs respectively, where the same is possible, or by the sale of such slaves and division of the proceeds, in the manner above prescribed-and referred to

Naiiua ^pana^aas’ 17* And d is farther enacted, that no person of the Covin, Nallua, or Palla casts, to be deemed a slave* shall be deemed or taken to be a slave, unless he or she shall lmvc been, on or unief* registered be- before the twelfth day of August, which will be in the year one thousand eight mo. m > Ausul hundred and nineteen, registered according to the provisions hereinafter mentioned; Any person chiming and that any person or persons claiming any person or persons of the said casts as such persons.u slaves a slave or slaves, or detaining or pretending to detain, or using or disposing of any out certificate of*w such person or persons as a slave-or slaves, from and after the said twelfth day of wgiftry, liable to August, not being provided with the certificate of the registry of the said slave or llcuining1a’fre/per- ^avfiS> under the provisions of this regulation, shall be liable to all such penalties son in ihvcry. as by law now may be inflicted, on the detention, use, or alienation of free persons as slaves,

Redder of Covia, 18. And it is further enacted, that the registry of such slaves of the Covia, Nallua, flavSvto^imde on an(* casts, shall take place on the personal attendance of the person claiming ftcrfonat gucmiance - to

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

49

to be the sole proprietor of any such slave or slaves, or of au authorized agent on *>(Me proprietor, or

his or her behalf, or, being a minor, by the attendance of the natural or appointed anth01?*

guardian of such minor, on his or her behalf, at the offices of provincial courts of duiwTnnhon^to

the respective districts wherein such proprietor resides, save and except in the in provincial

district or province of Jaffnapatam, wherein, for the convenience of the inhabitants,

the places of registry arc multiplied for different divisions of the same, according Me.

to the schedule hereto annexed, marked (F.)j and save and except in the districts Except in Jaffnapa;

of Manar, Batticaloa, and Mahagampattoo, where such registry is to be held by JJ/ieTw?unfits’

the sitting magistrates of Manar, Batticaloa, and Hambantotte. respectively; and plied, as per schedule

save and except in those parts of the Wanny, which now belong to the districts of

Trincomale and Jaffnapatam, in which the registry shall be held by the sitting and* Main-

magistrate of MullctlVOC. gampattoo, where rtgiftry is to be held by fitting magistrate. And in certain parts

of the Wanny, where the registry is to be held by fitting magistrate at Mulletivoc.

19. And it is further enacted, that such registers of Coviu, Nnllua, and Palla Registrie* to contain

slaves, shall contain" the name. nor. and srv nf rnrh slnvo; nml tins nnmlin' °SC. a,d tex

Of the

oftl.

and that the persons registering the same do issue to such proprietor, agent, or

guardian, at the expense of such proprietor, a certificate of such registry on a stamp uTfjrmoii

of three fanatns for each slave, . ,n to the addref* to the

Ponce Regent. Certificate of registry to inue for each flare, on a lUmp of three ianami.

20. And it is further enacted, that all changes in the futilities of slaves of the All changes in mm-

Covin, Nullua, and Palla casts, by deaths or births occurring in the same, shall be and°pd?aVflaw'"u' notified by the proprietor of such slaves in the district of Jaffnapatam, to the birth or death, to be schoolmaster of the parish, or in any other district, to the principal headman of the hie

Pntfrin. in oiplit: linos nftnr «;nr>l» rhniirrn noi’m.e nml «u/»li «i>hnnln,nctm* nrinr'Siml *c *1? >cr_. I!'.?

winch the said schoolmaster or principal headman resides, who shall register such the p.utoo in eight

change, in the manner prescribed in the eighth clause of this regulation for regis* dV*‘ tering births and deaths among domestic slaves; and shall issue a certificate' of such registry, gratis, to such schoolmaster or headman, for delivery to the sluvu rcciH«r,acro^ing'u»

‘ forms (()) and (If.)

propnetor.

Change to bt noted In regllltr. Certificate of entry to be given tolwhovlmatter or headman, to deliver to proprietor.

at. And it is further enacted, thut such proprietor shall and must, if such child’ or children to be born as aforementioned, arc not free under the provisions of this regulation; und if he wishes to detain the same us slaves utter they uttain the age of fourteen years, register the sumo in the registry of the district or division, within »ix months before they attain such age, by attendance in the manner prescribed in the eighteenth clause of this regulation, and receive a certificate of such registry; in default w hereof such child or children shall be and are hereby declared to become free.

32. And it is further enacted, that on any now acquisition of properly in an adult slave or slaves of the said casts, such acquisition shall be registered' by the new acquirer j he or she personally attending at the piece of registry of his or her district or division, within eight days after acquiring such title, and lie furnished with a certificate thereof, on a stamp of three jaimms for each slave, on pain of the same being of no avail; and the slave or slaves not registered, or for whom no ser-tificate is forthcoming, being absolutely free; and such registry is to he made in manner similar to that prescribed by the ninth clause of this regulation for registering acquirements of domestic slaves.

23. And it is further enacted, that any slave proprietor, wilfully and knowingly neglecting to notify the death of a slave, or the birth of a child to any slave, to the schoolmaster, or principal headman, as provided in the nineteenth clause of this regulation, shall pay a fine of rix-dollars, ten, for the omission of notifying any death; and rix-dollars, twenty, for the omission of notifying any birth, and shall be imprisoned till such fine be paid; and that any schoolmaster or headman neglecting to certify such deaths or births to the person folding registry, or withholding from the proprietor demanding the same, the certificate of such deaths or births 68. G being

Registry of children not born free, on completing their fourteenth ytsr, required to conttttute title to Inch chili! at Have.

Certificate to be if. filed at for a slave originally enregister-ednn llamp of three fanams.

All tiLouiliiiont of Haves, of Covia, Nal-lua mid Palla calls, to he regillcred by jierfoiul attendance of new acquirer in eight day* from ac«

2uifittoii.

ertificate to be J flitted on damp of three faftams.

All personi for whom no certificate is forthcoming, free.

Penalty for not notifying death of a slave, or birth, or death of a child, to schdol matter, 10 rix dolter* fine, for not nptifying death $ and 30 for not notifying-a birth.

Schoolmaster or headman neglecting to certify, dr with-'

50

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

holding certificate of being enregistered, shall pay a fine of ten rix-dollars for each offence, and be inipri-

pnl£ to ray alfine soned tiil Such tlnC ljc Pald and that one balt such fine sha^ gO to Our Lord of 10 rix dollars. the King, and the other half to the person prosecuting the offender to conviction,

c-owif and Vai/io before any provincial judge, sitting magistrate, or justice of the peace, having local

informer. jurisdiction.

Recoverable before local magi ft rate.

Any slave desirous of being emancipated, may apply to provincial court; which will summon proprietors,

24. And it is further enacted, that if any slave throughout the maritime provinces is desirous of being emancipated, he or she may appear before the provincial court of the district, and state such his or her desire; which court shall thereupon, by summons in writing, call on the proprietor of such slave to attend the said court; and on his or her attendance, which, if need be, may be compelled by attachment, and assemble five va- shall, by order in writing, assemble five respectable persons, of whom two shall be prlce"^ the Have* a chosen by the proprietor, and two by the slave, and the last appointed by such court;

and those five persons, or the major part of them, shall, by a writing under their hands, recorded in court, fix a fair price to be paid by the slave to the proprietor; on on payment of which payment of which, at the time (or in three months thereafter) into such court for the at the time, or in U8C of such proprietor, the said slave shall be free* and shall receive a certificate of ^aiTbc’free!'3' fiavC same, on a stamp of five rix-dollars from the provincial judge, who shall transmit Certificate of free- a duplicate of the same to the person in whose registry such slave shall have been <iom to be ifiucd j>y enregistered ns a slave, that the same may be noted therein: provided always, that to regifteo when the during the interval between the assessment of value, and the time of payment, every Have was enregister- such slave shall continue to serve his or her owner as a slave; an that in default of

cd.

In interval between nflefl’ment and nny-anenr, Have to lerve ins owner.

Jn‘ default of payment proceedings to becotne mftl

No Have convicted of

ostence above a petty assault, or any assault on his master* or any member of his family, to be free under this clause.

payment in the time prescribed, the assessment and all proceedings had on the application of the slave, shall be held null, and of no further avail, but without prejudice to any new application; and provided further, that no slave who shall have been convicted of any offence exceeding a petty assault, or of any assault, on his or her master, mistress, or any member of his family, shall be entitled to the benefit of this enactment,

13th regulation of 25, And it is hereby further enacted, that the thirteenth regulation of the year ktion 'of1 iaooC|re- one thousand eight hundred and six, and the third regulation of the year one thou-poded.0 " sand eight hundred and eight, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: pro-

Acts under the fame vided always, that no act done under the same, before the publication of the eighth not avoided. regulation of the present year, in the district of Jaflhapatam, shall be annulled or avoided.

dStiI!Srurt,ofiu“ s^' it is further enacted, that it shall and maybe lawful for the supreme case 0^robbery,”or court of judicature, in any cuso of robbery or violent assault, with an intent to rob violent assault with or murder, wherein any slave shall be convicted before it, and it shall appear to the lier^wheivin a7iavc" said Court that due care was not taken by the proprietor of such slave to prevent him is convicted' at its or her being concerned in such offence, in addition to punishment of the said slave,

uopro- constituting the said supreme court, is granted to the said court, in respect to fines ftcutors gmntctf by imposed by its orders.

powers compen/htion to

05th clnule of charter of 1801.

Forms of keeping rc> 27. And it is further enacted, that the forms of keeping the registers, and of having

girters and issuing certificates, shall be according to the forms annexed to this regulation, and numbered annexed'to the re* Gne to sixteen, subject to such changes as may from time to time be sanctioned by guiation i to 10. order of his excellency the governor in council; and that a full and correct transcript subject to change by of the registry of domestic slaves in each district shall be transmitted by the provincial Fn council?Jcm0R judge or sitting magistrate holding the same, to the office of the chief secretary to Transcriptof registry government, in six months from the date of this regulation; and a. list of alterations of domestic slaves to in the same for every three months subsequent to the first six months, in one month chief^secretary infix after the expiration of the quarter; and that a similar transcript of the Registries of months from this all other slaves, save domestic slaves, shall be sent to the office of the chief secretary x\omcvety qranerof aforesaid’, within fifteen, months from the date of this regulation, by the judges and a year subsequent* magistrates holding the aame, apd similar lists of alterations in the same for every oFcovi^Naiiuam^ three months subsequent to the said periods of fifteen months, in one month after the PaUa°Vftaves, to be expiration of the quarter.

likewise sent in fifteen months. And lifts of alterations every subsequent quarter.

FOE REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

51

28. And it is farther enacted, that the extracts of the said registries, duly certified [rom tnn’

by the chief, deputy or assHant secretary to government, or other person duly ucated, o/cquai val

authorized thereto, by his excellency the governor, shall be deemed and tuken as Mity-sfromorigin.il

-itry

full evidence, as similar extracts from the original registries

regul

29. And it is hereby further enacted, that any person who shall wilfully make Any person wilfully any false entry, either in the original registers, or in the transcripts thereof afore- or Sn^ return? or mentioned, or who shall fraudulently erase any entry made therein, or by inter- m tramenpts , ’ ihieation, or otherwise, alter any such eutries, or shall, being an officer duly authorized to issue extracts from the same, issue any false or fraudulent papers, purporting to heto^i^omcer be an extract therefrom, such person or persons shall, on conviction thereof by due employed in issuing course of law, be punished by transportation, or other punishment, as to the court trying such offence may seem meet; and any person or persons who shall wilfully, ing to be extrail*, to knowingly and fraudulently procure, or attempt to procure, the making of any such other

false entry, or the fraudulent erasure or interlineation of any matter in the said regis- punishment. ters or transcripts, or fictitious extracts therefrom, shall, on conviction, he liable to ivrfonsprouiring'r punishment by fine, imprisonment and whipping. curTiaitewnrieS

cx trails, liable to punishment by fine, imprisonment nnu whipping.

30. And it is further declared and enacted, that nothing in this regulation shall be taken or construed to prevent the legitimacy of title in and to any slave or slaves, registered under the same, being impeached by any person having claims to the property of such slave or slaves, or to reduce any person, not being really a slave, to slavery, under colour of being registered under this regulation; but that as well all claims to freedom, as between individuals, as to property in slaves, shall remain unaffected thereby, and subject to discussion before the competent tribunals: provided always, that from and after the dates hereinabove specified, within which such registration is commanded to take place, a certificate of registry shall be an indispensable voucher to entitle any person to prefer a claim to recover property in a slave, or to defend such property in any suit or action.

Given at Kandy xnis 5th day of August 1818.

Nothing in this regulation to prevent difeuflion of legitimacy of title to a Have registered.

Nor to reduce any free person tollavery. No suit to recover a Have to be5 'stituted afterdates ofrvglllry herein prescribed, without production of" a certificate of te« jjiftry, nor any defence of property in a Have admitted without a certificate.

By Order of the Council,

(signed) Geo, Zustgnan, Act8 Sec* to Council,

By His Excellency’s Command,

(signed) John Rodney, Chief Sec* to Governm*.

(A.)

To His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, &c. &c. &c.

WE, His Majesty’s loyal subjects, the Dutch inhabitants and native casts of the maritime settlements in the Island of Ceylon, animated with sentiments of sincere and fervent, loyalty towards the Person and Government of His Majesty and your Royal Highness, and emulating the humane and disinterested spirit with which' our fellow subjects in the united kingdom have moved the Legislature in favour* of that unfortunate class of beings, placed in the degraded condition of slavery, beg leave to approach your Royal Highness with art humble tender of such tribute on out parts, in furtherance of the same benevplent object, as our circumstances enable us to afford.

In families long settled in this island, of whatever class, the household establishr ment is usually so much dependent on the service of slaves, that a general discharge of those persons would subject the inhabitants to privations, losses and expense, such as ordinary prudence forbids us to encounter; at the same time we have reason to know, that to great numbers of persons now in our houses in the character of slaves, bred up under cur roofs, supported for a course of years with kind and considerate treatment, and comfortable subsistence, many of them far advanced in life, the greater part established in habits of attachment, a general emancipation would

72 ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

withdraw the source of their support, without advancing their happiness, or improving their condition.

We therefore humbly incline, both in consideration to them and to ourselves, to adopt the principle sanctioned by the wisdom of British Legislation, of a gradual abolition; that which wc beg leave to offer being indeed gradual in its progress, but in its issue certain and complete.

We respectfully and dutifully propose, that the era of future freedom to the slaves of this colony shall take its commencement on the auspicious occasion of your Royal Highness’s birthday, the r2lh of August, in the present year j Bi 6; and we declare all children born of our slaves from that date, inclusive, to be free persons.

Some incidental provisions will be perceived to be necessary with regard to the support and tutelage of these liberated children during their tender years, The leading articles of enactments which appear expedient for this purpose, have already been indicated in resolutions conveyed by the honourable the chief justice, for the information of his excellency the governor; and wc doubt not that these and such other regulations as may be found calculated to place the intended measure on a footing of mutual comfort to the emancipated slaves and their masters, will be distinctly and favourably represented by his excellency, and receive in substance the gracious acceptance and confirmation of your Royal Highness.

List of Subscribers to the Address to His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, for emancipating Children born of Slaves after the 12th of August, 1S10.

Colombo; Dutch inhabitants and burghers :—C. S Wickerman, V. \y. Vander-stvaaten, D. C. Thctz, C. C. Uhlenbeck, F. P. Fretz, A. Count Ranzoxv, I. G. Kriekenbeek, R.Morgan, G.Schneider, W. A.Kriekenbeek, J. F. Lorenz, C, A. Pi'ins,

J. H. Douwe, C. A. De Raymond, J. A. Kriekenbeek, B. De Wnas, J. C. Vanden Driessen, if, J. Stork, C. A. Spaar, J. J. Philipz, P. A. Loos, J, DeWaas, J. F. Condor-lag, C. Jansen, A. Mortier, C. F, Mottau, ,f. If. Vanden Driessen, P. S. De Run, J. F. Jonklaqs, B. Brohier, E. W. Slants, C. W. Hoffman, L. De Run, W. J. Ondatjic,

D. A, Estrop, N. Bergman, A. de Kretzer, J. P. Landsberger, L. II. Lourcnz, S. W. Pfeiffer, j. L. Cramer, C. E. Pfeiffer, P. S. Hersler, A. W. van C’uylenberg, B. Ahvis, j, jp. Siebel, P. A. Pompous, G. F. Giftening, J. B. Ludekens, E. J. Jongbloed,

C. J. Knlenberg, L. Lonrensen, P. C. Jonklaas, i-I. W. Van Cuylenberg, J. M. Maas, [

P. A. Daniels, J. H. Lourensz, L. Sghokman, II. Mnrtensz, J. A. Muller, J. J.

Loos, JVC. Gerhard, G. I. Ide, V. F. Nonies, H. G. De Zilva, II. Sehok- rnan, G. W. Gniphs, J. G. Hillohrand, J. M. Mortier, P. A. Brncker, F. J. Ide, 1'

J. F. Willshut, M. Van Derwnll, II. Van Langenbergh, J. A. Schumngher, R. II. Ebert, W. C. Engel, G. J. Molhuysen, L. J. Olhmus, II. P. Schoondorp, I. F. Meyer,

I. Mack, I.F.C. Gambs, I.L. Van Buuren, C.C. Muller, I.C. Ludekens, P.J. Ondatjie, J.J. Gerhard, G.C. Siegerts, I. Ebert, W. Franciscus, P. Nell, C. Raffel, R. Christoffelsz, N. Raymon, M. J. Ludekens, M. Van Eyk, H.J. Schemmelketel, C.H.W. Erdman, N. Pieters, L. Vander Linde, J.G. Henkel, W. Drieberg, I. P. Horn, H.B. Van Dort, L. Van Dort, A.N. Perera, A.C. Cocrea, I.F. Philipz.

Vellales: A. De Saram, J.G, Philipz, C. De Saram, I. De Saram, H. De Saram, D. P. Samerkoon, V. De Saram, D. C. De Livera, I. P. Perera, D. J. F. i Dias, I,. L. Perera, D. H. Dassanaikc, D. B. H. De Lievera, P. Perera, M. De 1 . Saram, D. C. Dias, M. Perera, D. S. Ameresekera, P. Do Lievera, P. Perera,

S. Perera, I. Cqerea, D. P. Silya,. F. Perera, S. De Silva, D. Johannes, Juanis Appoo, Andries Perera, S. M. Silva, Christoboo Pieris, Abancho Appoo Juanis, 1 Pedroe Appo, Don Andries, Christoboo Rodrigo, Louis Silva, M’ Silva, 1. De Silva.

Fisher Cast:—Susey Fernando Bastian, I. Fernando, E. F. Fernando, A. Silva Jeronis, Andera Nonis, Anthony Silva, Susey Silva, D. Silva (a schoolmaster)-Nicolus Fernando, Domingo Muraz, Markoe Fernando, Severenty Silva, Domingo Fernando, Marcinus Fernando, Istoboe Fernando.

Washer Cast:—M. Gomis Modeliar, I. Gomis Maha V, Mob, P!> Gomis, L. ( Gomis, C. Fernando, I. P. Gomis Aratchy, P. Fernando, P. D. Fonscha Demstyno, Johannis Marcus, Juanis Fernando, D. H. Franciscus, A. Fernando Constable, Juan Fernando Vidabn, I. Fernando Constable, Luis Gomis, B. Fernando Vjd. Aratchy, \

---

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES. 53

53

F. Fernando, Constable, G. Fernando, Frans Gomis Ararchy, Christian de Fonseka, Don Salmon Aratchy, Migel Gomis, Simon Fernando.

---

Mahabadde:—Adrian De Abrew Wijeguneratne Rajepakse, Simon Cornell's de Abrew Rajepakse, Salomon de Soosa, J. Mendis Wiekremeneyeke, D. C. De Abrew Rajepakse, Andries de Abrew, Arend De Abrew Rajepakse, Simon Mendis, Balthazar De Mirando, Kendrick de Zoyso, Gregory de Zoysa, Lourens Mend es Wickremenayke, Don Simon de Abrew, Salomon de Zoysa, Adrien Mendies, Lorens Mendies, Thomas Mendies, Francisco Mendies, Simon Mendies, Robert Mendies.

Malabars:—A. Rodrigo, I. D. Mardappa, I. M. A. Jemonday, S. Franciscus, M. Jonelus, L. De Mello, P. Ondatjie, S. J. Ondatjie, N. J. Ondatjie, D. Easie-clietty, J. Fernando, M. Franciscus, D. Rodrigo, M. Murgappa, P. J. Damoda-rampulle, J. Candappen, P. Fernando, D. Ancndappen, A. P. Poellenpjy, J. B. Anandappen, F. Rodrigo, Manuel Gomis, L. P. Assamppn, P. P. Assampa, A. Coomarasamy, Simon Morgappa, Johan Rodrigo Snngam Chitty, Jolmn Rodrigo Cupe Moetto M. Petin Gomis, Jolmn Parvoelus Tambapulle.

Moors:—Slema Lebbe Morkan, Secadi Markan, Sego Mira Lebbe, Alinn Markan, Ibrahim Lebbe, Oedoema Lebbe, Secadic Markan, Pakier Sariantoe Palliadian, Oedoema Lebbe, Kattc Lebbe, Wappoo Markan, Pakkier Jnmby, Seesma Lebba, Constable, Apiers Sinner Lebbe/ Puckier Jamby, Sccadie Markan, Alchoe Markan, Omer Lebbe Markan, Neyna Markan Ossena, Kooskannie, Slema Lebbe, Scgoe Mira Lebbe, Seesma Lebbe, Seca Markan Oedoema Lebbe, Mnhn-doen Pullc, Pakier Pulle Sego Lebbe, Iladjie Marikan, Almmadoe Lebbe Markan, Sinne Loawppoo, Seesma Lebbe.

Negombo, Dutch Inhabitants and Burghers:—J. M. Lavullicrc, J. Van Langen-be^g, J. II. Ledulx, L. Dc Quacker, C. D. De Quacker, A. F. Koelmyer, M. Mack, J. Vander Loan, J. C. Vander Laan, R. \V. Pieris, J. Koertz, J. Rooy, J. Yonder Loan, S. D. Rehly, J. L. Koelmyer, J. Pietersz, Thomas Nelson.

Cingalese:—H. Alfonso, D. L. Perera, Don Franciscu Coenja, Francisco Fernando, Jeronimus Fernando, Mnna Rodrigo Silva, Itakic Fernando, Domingo Piris, Juanis Pieries, Susc Fernando, Digoo Pieris, Istakie Laytan, Philippoo Fernando, Domingo Fernando, Soosey Fernando, A. Fernando, Domingo Fernando, Don Juwan Appoo, Jeliawsie Fernando, Juanis Liene, Istaakky Fernando, Istaakky Pieris, Philippoo Fonseca, Istaakky Fernando, Anthony Pieris, Philippoo Fonseca, Istaakky Fernando, Philippoo Fernando, Istaakky Fernando, Pedro Fernando, Philippe Fernando, Anthony Fernando, Istakie Fernando, Juan Fernando, Juan Fernando, Istoboo Fernando, Don Susey, Simon Fernando, Philippoo Dias, Manuel Fernando, Augustinoe Fernando, Pauloc Fernando, Francisco Limn, Augustinoc Fernando, Philippoo Dc Cross, FI Fernando Anawie, Nicolan Fernando, Domingo Fernando, Tornme Perera, Pedroe Dc Livera, Manuel Coorey, Itte Bolunce, Francisco Fernando, Juan Fernando, Juan Fernando, Francisco Fernando, Simon Costa, Manuel Fernando, Juan Fernando, Don Anthony Appoo, Augustino Fernando, Francisco Fernando, Jusey Costa Moppoo, Raphiel Perera, Louwrenty Fernando, Bastian Fonseca, Joesy Fonseca, D. A. Perera, Joseph Perera, Anthony Fernando, Anthony Silva, Adrian, Atjiya Sylvestry Perera.

Negombo, CingaleseDaniel De Mois, Adrian Perera, W. Abreuw, J. Rodrigo* D. S. Moffol, Migil Fernando, Bastian Fernando, Don Simee Ondehiwela, Mathees Fernando, S. A. C. Fonso, Andries Fernando, Juan Fernando, Pedroe Fernando, Don Louis Dias, Salyade Saviel, Don Cororny Wijeyesekere, D. B. Wyeyesekera Rajepakser, Saviel Fernando, Naaupilige Bastian Fernando, Bastian Perera, A. Pessera, Bastian Fernando, Lourenso Fonseca, Gab. Fernando, Bastian Fernando, Migiel Fernando, Juan Fernando, Susey Fernando, Migel Fernando, Juan Fernando Francisco, Don Philip, Johannes Fernando, Chistoboe Manuel Pieris, Hendrick Fernando, Domingo Fernando, Isteboo Fernando, Hendrick Fonseca, Gabriel Perera Pauloo, Gasbeer Fernando, Pauloo Fernando, Savery Costa, Philippoo Fernando, Michel Fernando, &c. &c. &c.

68.

G3

54

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

(B.)

RETURN of Slaves belonging to being a Subscriber to the Address to

His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, in favour of emancipating Children of Slaves.

Date. Name of Slave. Sex. Age. How acquired; by Purchase, Gift, Bequest, or Inheritance. Names of Children of Female Slaves. Age of Children. Sex. Whe.her bow ' on or alter ' the 12th Any. lfclu.

\ i i { i i t \

i

(C.)

Name Number, Date end Letter Whether registered in

of on present, or other. Date of Death.

Slave deceased. Certificate of Enregistration. and what, District.

o

1

(D.)

Name of the Mmhur of the Child, and of the Child. Number, Date and Letter on Certificate of Mother's BnregUtrution. Whether registered in present, or other, nnd what, District, Dale of Birth or Denth of Child. Whether free w not, undir Regulation N 9 of 1818.

1'

Nemo *F Slave. Name of original Proprietor, hud Number, Date and Letters Certificate of Enregistration. Whether registered in present, or what other District. Name of Acquirer. Date, and Mode of Acquisition.

i

r

i 'isfij

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

55

55

(F-)

&tizoVLE of Places of Registry of Covia, Kailua and Palla Slaves, in the Province and "District

of TaSnnpatam.

The Provincial court of Jaffnapatatn, for the Town of JaSbnpatani, and the Parishes Nclloor, Navacooly,

Wanaarpone, Conay, and the Island of

Chundicoly, Kareuivoe.

The Sitting Magistrates for the Parishes

Kuits—Allepitty, Nynativo,

Wcline, Aneletivo,

Poongertivo.

The Sitting Magistrate of Mallogara for the Parishes

Pottoor,

Atchovelly,

Maylctty,”

Tcllepalle,

Mullagam,

Oodoowil, Pandatripo, Sangany, Manipay, and Batteco'tte.

The Sitting Magistrate of Point Pedro for the Parishes Partitonc, Qodoopitty,

Katmvely.

The Sitting Magistrate of Kntchay, for the Parishes

Sevacaseny, Plonale,

Wurcny, ’ Mullepattoo,

Cateluiy, Mogomale,

lilludomatual, Tambobam.

The Sitting Magistrate of Pooncrcen, for the Parishes Pooncreen. llpocadewe,

Palwcraineadoo, Koretchippattoo.

(G.)

Kamo and Cost NnmtC Date Pai’Mi

of of of of

Slave deceased. Proprietor. Dentil. original Registry.

(HO

Name and Cast of Date Name Parish

the Mother of the Child* of of of

and Name of Child. Birth of the Child. Proprietor. Mother’s Registry.

K0 i.—Certificate of Original Enregistration of a Domestic Male Slave, on Register ----- Letter

Name of Proprietor ——

Name and Age of Slave

Place and Date of Enregistration ----- Signature

56 ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

N° a.—Certificate of Original Enregistration of a Domestic Female Slave.

N° on Register - -- Letter - -

Name of Proprietor - -- -

Name of Slave and Age. Names of Children. Age and Sex of Children. Whether Free or not.

1 t

Place and Date of Enregistration ----- Signature -

N° 3.—Certificate of Enregistration of a free-born Child of a Domestic Slave. N° of District of Mothers Register ----- Letter - -

Name of Proprietor of Mother - - -

Date of Birth, Name, and Sex of Child - -

Place and Date of Certificate ----- Signature -

N° 4.-—Certificate of Enregistration of a DomesticSlavc Child. N° and District of Mother’s Register - - - - Letter -

Name of Proprietor -----

Date of Birth, Name, and Sex of Child - -

N° of Child’s Register - -- -- - v. Letter - -

Place and Date of Registration ...... Signature -

N° 5.—Certificate of Enregistration of Death of a Slave.

N° and District of Register ----- Letter - -

Name of Slave -

Name of Proprietor -

Date of Death, and Place of Registry - - - - Signature

N0 6.—Certificate of Enregistration of Death of a Child of a Female Slave. N° and District of Register of Mother - - - - Letter - -

Name of Child - -- --Name of Proprietor - -- Date of Death, and Place of Registry - - - - Signature -

N° 7.—Certificate of Registration of acquisition of a Domestic Slave. N° and District of Original Register ----- Letter - -

Name of Slave, Age and Sex -----

Name of original Proprietor -----

Name of new Proprietor -----

Date and Place of Registry -----

New Number and Letter of Registry ----- Signature -

N* 8.—Certificate of Enregistration of a Covia Male Slave. District - -- -- - Parish - -

N° on.Register - -- Letter - -

Name and Cast of Proprietor -----

Name and Age of Slave ——

Place and Date of Enregistration Signature -

'57

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES.

N° 9.—Certificate of Enregistration of a Covia Female Slave.

District - - ...... Parish - -

N* on Register - - ----- Letter - -

Name of Propnetoi -----

Name of Slave and Age. N§me of Children. Age and Sex of Child. Whether free or not.

Place and Date of Enregistmtion

Signature

N° 10.—Certificate of Enregistration of a Free Bom Child of a Covia Slave.

District - -- ...... Parish -

N# and District of Mother’s Register ----- Letter - -

Name of Proprietor of Mother - - -

s

o

Date of Birth, Name and Sex of Child - -

Place and Date r,f Certificate ----- Signature -

N° h.-Certificate of Eurcgistration of a Covia Slave Child.

District ----- Parish -

N° and District of Mother’s Register- - - - - Letter - -

Name of Proprietor -

Date of Birth, Name and Sex of Child - -

N° of Child’s Register - -- Letter - -

Place and Date of Registration - - - -. - - Signature -

N° 12. Certificate of Enregistration of Death of a Covia Slave.

District: - -- -- - Parish - -

N° and District of Register ----- Letter - -

---

Name of Slave:

Name of Proprietor:

Date of Death, and Place of Registry:

Signature:

N° 13.—Certificate of Enregistration of a Child of a Female Covia Slave.

---

District - -- -- - Parish - -

N° and District of Register of Mother - - - - Letter -

Name of Child - -- --Name of Proprietor ..

Date of Death, and Place of Registry - - - - Signature -

N° 14.—Certificate of Registration of acquisition of a Covia Slave. District - -- -- - Parish - -

N° and District of Original Register ----- Letter -.

Name of Slave and Sex - -- -- --Name of new Proprietor - - -

Name of original Proprietor -----

Date and Place of Registry -----

New. N° and Letter of Registry - ...... Signature -

N. B.—The Certificates N° 8 to 14 are equally applicable to &allua and ]Psll* Slaves, changing the word Covia as necessary.

H

Letter A.

Or

©C

ACTS OF COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

N* 15.—Alphabetical Renter of Domestic Slaves in and for the Province or District of

under the Ninth Regulation of 1818.

-2. 3- 4. 5* 6. 7* 8. 9* 10.

Date Name Name of Name of Age and Whether Names and Sex of Free ChOdren,

N°. of ' <of Sex. Age. Proprietor* and how Children of Female Sex-of free odder the

Registration Slave. acquired. Slaves. Children. Regulation. born after first

Registry, with date of Birth.

11.

Names and Sex of Slave Children, born after first Registry, and Re . ference to N° and Letter, under Which registered Slaves.

12.

Reference to N° and Letter under which this Slave is registered in a change of Property.

13.

Additional Remarks.

In this column 'will be inserted the contents of notifications respecting the slave, or his or her family, received from other registers j also the N° and bates under which slaves, who, or whose children, are required to be registered in a new register, appear in one or any other district, and the date of the death or emancipation of any slave.

Letter A.

N° 16.—Alphabetical Register of Slaves of the Covia, (or Nallua. or Paila) Cast, in the Parish of

under the Ninth Regulation of 1818.

1. 2. 3. 4. 5 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. n.

N°. Date of Registration Name: of Slave. Sex. Age. Name of Proprietor. Name of Children of Female Slaves. . , Age-and Sex-of Children. Whether free under Regulation Name 4nd Sexes of ChOdreh born after the Registration, With date of Birth; and ff free, or not, and reference to N" end Letter wherein such Slave Child is regis* iered on becoming of the age of 14 years. Reference to N° and Letter under which this Slave is registered, on a change-of

Property,

*2.

Additional Remarks.

In this column will be inserted the contents of notifications from other registries relative to the slave, and the number and dates, and letters of certificates of original registries of slaves, who, or whose children are to be registered in a new district; also the date of death, or emancipation of slaves.

By Order of Council,

---

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES. 59

Cape of Good Hope, N° 14,

Proclamation by His Excellency the Right honourable General Lord Charles Henry Somerset, one of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council, Colonel of His Majesty's First West India Regiment, Governor and Commander-in-Chief of His Majesty's Castle, Town and Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa, and of the Territories and Dependencies thereof, and Ordinary, and Vice-Admiral of the same. Commander of the Forces, &c. &c. &c.

WHEREAS from the numerous manumissions which take place, and the large class of negro apprentices (which has of late years been by decisions of the court of Vice-Admiralty greatly increased), it appears to be expedient that the most minute precautions should be taken to prevent the possibility of such free persons, or their offspring, merging into a state of slavery, or being confounded with the domestic or other slaves, the property of individuals in this settlement:

And whereas it has not been found sufficient to cause a census of such free persons to be taken, numbers of them being so ignorant as not to be able to comprehend the utility to themselves of making known to the magistrates, hereunto appointed, their places of abode, and avocations, and thus leaving it uncertain whether they be or be not free persons; be it therefore, and it is hereby ordered, by virtue of the power and authority vested in me by His Majesty, that henceforward all persons shall be bound to have their slaves registered according to the regulations hereinafter prescribed; viz.

1. There shall be an office established in Cape Town, for the purpose of keeping exact registers of all slaves within the colony.

2. In each of the country districts thcro shall likewise be an office for the same object, under the immediate inspection of the landdrost, and in correspondence with, und under the control of, the principal office in Cape Town.

3. The office in Cape Town shall be managed by an inspector and assistant-inspector, with the necessary clerks; the offices in the country districts shall be conducted by the district clerks, except in the district of Stellenbosch; where there is no district clerk, there the secretary to the drostdy shall take this duty upon, himself.

4. Every proprietor of enslave or slaves shall be bound to enter, at the office of the district in which he resides, by name and sex, all his or her slaves, stating their respective ages, (to the best of his or her knowledge) country and occupations; and also to report and receive a certificate of all manumissions, transfers, inheritances, births, deaths, or changes of property, as the case may be.

5. The inspector of the enregisterment shall cause an alphabetical register of all proprietors within the Cape Town, the Cape district, and the residency of Simon’s Town, to be prepared; and he shall cause to be entered therein, separately and distinctly, each person's slaves, by name, sex, age, country and occupation, carefully noting therein the changes that shall occur, whether by transfer, manumission, inheritance, gift, death, or change of property.

6. The secretary to the drostdy of Stellenbosch, and the district clerks in the remoter districts, shall keep registers in their respective districts, and shall be obliged monthly to transmit copies of all their proceedings to the chief office in Cape Town, where registers for each country district shall be separately kept, to be formed from the proceedings of these officers.

7. The inspector in Cape Town, the secretary of the drostdy of Stellenbosch, and the district clerks respectively, shall give to each person registering his slaves, & certificate of his having so done, which certificate shall be a counterpart of the registry, and thus describe the name, sex, age, country and occupation of the slaves

60 ACTS OT COLONIAL LEGISLATURES,

so registered; and which certificate such proprietor shall have to keep for his own security.

8. The inspector in Cape Town, or the functionaries alluded to in the country districts, as the case may require, shall grant a like certificate in all cases of the registry of birth, death, manumission, transfer, inheritance, gift, or change of property.

9. In all cases of the sale of a slave, the party purchasing such slave shall obtain from the inspector in Cape Town, or the functionaries alluded to in the country districts as aforesaid, a certificate of such transaction; which certificate shall describe the name, sex, age, country, and occupation of such slave, and shall be granted upon the former proprietor, or his authorized agent, or his representatives, heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, making known to the registry office in writing, that such slave has been so sold, and the then proprietor shall receive the said certificate as his deed of transfer, title, and claim to the slave purchased; and for which certificate (which shall be issued on a stamp of five rix-dollars), he shall pay an additional sum of five rix-dollars towards defraying the charge of the registry establishment.

10. A like certificate shall be granted in all cases of gift, inheritance, exchange of a slave, or other change of property therein, upon a stamp of five rix-dollars, with an addition of five rix-dollars towards defraying the charge of the registry establishment.

11. The inspector, or other functionaries, as the case may be, shall grant a certificate of the registry of the birth of a slave, which certificate shall describe the mother of such slave, stating her probable age, country, and occupation; and a charge of one rix-dollar shall be allowed for the certificate of registry thereof.

12. No charge is to be made for the certificates of registry granted under the provisions of the seventh article of these regulations; nor is any charge to be made, or fco to be taken, for granting certificates of the registry of deaths.

13. The worshipful the court of justice is hereby required to appoint a commission, once in each year, to examine the registers of the inspector’s office in Cape Town, and the documents upon which the registers are prepared, and satisfy themselves that the utmost accuracy is observed in keeping the same, of which they arc hereby required to make report to me, or to the governor for the time being; and the commission of circuits is hereby required to examine in like manner the registers of the respective country districts at the annual circuits, and to report their having so done to me, or to the governor for the time being.

And whereas it appears to be of the greatest importance, that no person shall, under any pretext whatever, evade, or neglect to comply with the regulations herein prescribed and made known; be it therefore hereby further declared and ordered, that if any person or persons shall have delayed making the return of his, her, or their slaves, called for by the fourth article of these regulations, beyond the thirty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, for Cape Town district, and the residency of Simon’s Town, or beyond the termination of the ensuing year one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, for the respective country districts, such person or persons shall be considered as having manumitted the slave or slaves not then registered; and the worshipful the court of justice is hereby directed in cases of application for freedom of any slaves so situated, not to require other proof thereof than the mere want of registry as herein described, except in such cases, in which the proprietor or proprietors of a slave or slaves, whose registry shall have been omitted, shall, upon reasons ”founded in the law,” be justified in his, her, or their claim for relief.

And be it likewise hereby further ordered, that no infant born subsequent to the date of the present proclamation shall be recognized as a slave, unless the birth of such infant be duly registered, as prescribed by the fourth article of the present regulations, within six months after the birth of such infant.

FOR REGISTRY OF SLAVES. 61

And it is hereby further ordered, that in all cases of manumission, deaths, inheritances or changes of property, the party or parties failing to notify such circumstance to the inspectors office, or to the registry-office in the country districts, as the case may be, such person or persons shall be liable to a penalty of one hundred rix-dollars in each case, which penalty shall be recoverable upon proof of the contravention of this regulation being brought before the commissioners of the worshipful the court of justice for this town, district, and residency of Simons Town, or the court of Landdrost and Heemraden, in the country districts.

And it is hereby further directed and made known, that no claim to a slave shall he held to be valid unless the transfer of such slave, or the change of property therein, shall appear upon the registers, of which the party claiming the slave shall have obtained a certificate thereof.

And in order that no person may plead ignorance hereof, this shall be published and affixed in the usual manner.

God save the King.

Given under my hand and seal, at the Cape of Good Hope, this 26th day of April 1816.

(signed) C.H. Somerset.

By His Excellency's Command.

(signed) Henry Alexander, Secretary.

