ACTS

OF

ASSEMBLY,

Passed in the

Island of BARBADOES,

From 1648, to 1718.

LONDON.

---

Plantations^ by John Baskett, Printer to the Kings most WL* ;ES&oell«ii]fc; Majesty* 17$%.

INDEX

It o

Barbadoes Laws.

AN Act for priming the Laws if the Island of Barbadoes, contained in the ensuing Volume^ Page i.

An Act or Order for the compiling the Laws by CommfJJhners. it*

An Act for Officers putting in Security. iii.

An Act appointing Security to be given by the Clerks, Sea of the fevered Courts within this Island. iv.

An Act giving Pother to Churchwardens to make Sale of Lands, Stc. and concerning Surplus of Land within Old Bounds, StCi ibid.

An Act for the Transcription and Jafe keeping if the Recordst v.

An Act for Weights, Number), and MeafUresi Vi.

An Act to prevent frequenting of Taverns and Alehouses by Seamen. ibid.

An Act concerning Trespass done by Hogs. yii*

An Act declaring what Proofs to Ronds, Biffs, Procurations, Letters of Attorney, or ether Writings, JkaU be sufficient in Law. ibid.

An Act for the keeping clear the Wharfs or landing Places at the Indian Bridge, and on Speght’s Bay, alias Little Bristol.

An Act prohibiting Persons from keeping a Chmthpn Alehdufe or Tipling House, felling any Liquors, or this Country Spirits, 'to drink in their Houses br Plantations, Without Licerne. ix.

An Act that the bringing Writs of Errors, and othetiquitable Matters, before the Governor and Council, to be by them determined, ot and do continue in Force, according to the antientCustoms if this Island. ibid.

a *. An

K ’

P-ifs’d

i6pSm

±667*

1648.

i 6%ii

4

Pass’d

1660.

1661.

1663. 1661.

165 6.

INDEX to

An Act concerning Vestries. Page ix.

An Act for limiting the Assemblys Continuance. x.

An Act or Order for the Publication and Execution of the Acts concerning the Uniformity of Common Prayer. xi.

An Act concerning Morning and Evening Prayer in Families. ibid.

An Act appointing a special Court for the speedy deciding Controverjies between Merchant and Merchant, or Mariner and Mariner, or Merchant and Mariners, about Freight, Damage, or other Maritime Cafes. xii.

An Act establishing the Codrtt of Common Pleas in this Island, declaring also a Method and Manner of Proceedings both to Judgment and Execution, which r are to be observed in the said Courts. xiii.

An Act concerning written Depositions produced in Courts, and appointing how the Evidence of jick and lame Persons, and of Persons intended off this Island, shall be valid and good. . xviii.

An Act for the Encouragement of all faithful A Unifiers in the Pajloral Charge within this Island : As also for appointing and regulating a convenient Maintenance for them for the future.; xix.

An Act for the good governing of Servants, and ordering the Rights between Masters and Servants. xx.

An Act concerning the Conveyance of Estates. xxvii.

An Act for the better amending, repairing, and keeping clean the common Highways and known broad Paths within this Island, leading to Church and Markets, and for laying out new Ways, and turning old Ways where it JJjall be needful• . - xxx.

An Act concerning Ships, and the Duty of their Masters or Merchants upon their Arrival, with the Appointment of the Impost of Poundage and Tannage. xxxvi.

An Act concerning the General Sessions. This Act is repealed by an Act made in Sir Richard Dutton's Time. ibid.

An Act concerning Persons. intended to depart this Island, and the setting.up their Names in the Secretary's Office, and Warrants of Arrests. ibid.

An Act for settling the Militia within this Island. ibid.

An Act for the rest raining the excessive taking of Ufetry within this Island. \ ibid.

An Act concerning Forestallers3 and Ingrossers of Provisions. . ibid.

An Act for Continuance and Observatim of all Acts and Statutes not repealed. ibid.

An Act for settling a Regiment, of Horse within this Island. . xxxvii.

An Act prohibiting all Persons to incroach ’Upon, their Neighbours Line. > ibid. An Act for the Annual Rates-of Wines and other strong JJspuon. , ifyid.

An Act to prevent the Prejudice that may happen to this Island by loose and yd^ant Persons in and about the fame. . 'ibid.

'An Act for the binding out Apprentices.

An Act for the making good and clearing the Wdys of the Streets and Lanes it? and about the Indian Town, Spight’s Bay, (Mas Little Bristol. xxxviii.

BARBADOES LAWS.

An Act for the appointing and nominating of Streets, Lanes, Alleys± Wharfs, and

other Passages convenient in and about the Town of St. Michael’;. Page xxxviii. x6$6.

An Act to prevent the Danger that may happen by Fire in or about the Sea Pot it Towns within this Islandi ibidi

By the Governor, Council, and Assembly, concerning Taxes. ibidi

An Act for the disposing of several Fines that are imposed upon several Persons for several Misdemeanors done within this Islandi ibidi

An Act for the regulating and appointing the Fees of the several Officers and Courts of this Island. xxxix.

An Act for the certain and constant Appointment of all Officers Fees within this 1661; Island: xliiii

An Act for the better Discovery of frayed Cattle, or fetch as are distrained, doing Damage* ibidi

An Act for the Relief of such Persons as lie in Prison, and others, who have not wherewith to pay their Creditors. ibid.

An Act for the more certain Produce of all kind of Provifeons Within this Ifeand. ibid.

An Addition to an Act$ intituled, An Act for settling the Estates and Titles of the Inhabitants of this Island to their Possessions in their several Plantations within the same. xlivi

An Act for settling the fever at Markets in the several Towns of this island. ibid.

An Act for the Encouragement offetch as fall plant or raise Provifeons to fell, ibidi

An Act, intituled, An Acknowledgment and Declaration of the Inhabitants of the Ifeand of Barbadoes, of His Majesty's Right to the Dominions of this Island, arid, the Right of the Right Honourable the Earl of Carlisle, derived front the said Majesty i and-by the Earl of Carlisle^ to the Right Honourable the Lord Willoughby of Parham 5 and also for the unanimous Profession of the true Religion in this Island, and imposing condign Punishment upon the Opposers thereof, xlv*

An Act concerning the Sale of Lands by Attorneys, Executors, and Administrators. ibid.

An Act for the advancing and raising the Value of Pieces of Eight. ibid*

An Act for raising a present Levy of Sugar, to defray the Charges incident to the making of Brea ft Works at the several landing Places about this Island, to answer the present Occafeon. ibid*

An Act for the speedy raising of a sufficient Strength of Labourers to ere ft some Breast Works at the Sea fide. Bays, andlanding Places about this Ifeand. ibid.

An Act for the doubling the Impositions of all forts of strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Laws of this Island'* ibid, i 6661

An Act for the Prevention offering of Sugar Canes. xlvii.

An Act for the better ordering and governing of Negroes. ibid*

An Act for the speedy Tryal of all fetch Ships or Goods as shall be seized on in any of the Ports or Bays belonging to this Island, by the Commander or Commanders of any His Majesty's Ships, who cannot stay till the Sitting of the ufetal Courts, without much Prejudice to His Majesty's other Affairs. ibid.

6

INDEX to

By the General Assembly, An Act for the rdijing a Sum of Goods for the need-Pass’d ful Publick Use of this island, and other His Majestys Affairs in relieving of 1667. the Leeward Islands. Page xlix.

By a Duty to be levied on Wines, and

By the General Assembly, An Act for the raising a present Levy of Sugar, to defray the Charges of the Platforms and Breast Works to be appointed at the several Bays and Landing Places within this island. ibid.

By the General Assembly, An Act for the raising a further and sufficient Strength of Labourers for the erefling and finishing the Platforms and, present Breast Works at the several Sea Side Ports and Bays, and landing Places about this island. ibid.

An Addition to the Act for the settling the Militia of this island. ibid.

An Act for the falisfying some late publick Disbursements out of the Levy of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds of Sugar, raised by a late Act bearing Date the 9th of May, 1667. ibid.

An Act authorizing the Governor of this Island for the time being to appoint a Provost Marshal within the same. ibid.

An Addition to the late Act for the raising a Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds of Sugar. 1.

An Act for a speedy raising a Sum of Goods for the defraying some late Publick Chargesi and for other the present needful publick XJfe of this island. ibid.

An Act for the Supply of a further Strength of Labourers to the finishing the present Works by the Sea Side. ibid.

An Act direfiing how the Clerks and Marshals for the several Courts of Common Pleas within this island shall be appointed, and what they shall receive. ibid.

An Act for the Supply of a further Strength of Labourers to the finishing the present Works by the Sea Side. ibid.

An Act for Constant Sylvester Esq; to receive the Levy of St. George V. ibid.

An Act for the Payment of the several Subscriptions made last Tear by the Inhabitants of this If and, to accommodate the then intended Design for His Majestys Service to the Leeward Islands. ibid.

A further additional Act to the Act of the Militia of this island. ibid.

A further additional Act for the full Confirmation of the Sale of certain Houses and Lands attached from Edmond Keyzar, and sold by Outcry unto John Jones, Gent, for the Satisfaction of a Debt due from the said Keyzar, as Parmer of the Customs of this Country. li.

An Act against the killing of Calves. ibid.

An Act for the Supply of a further Strength of Labourers to the finishing the Breast Worm by the Sea Side. ibid.

An Act for the raising of a further Levy of Sugar to defray the Charges of the Platforms and Breast Works to be appointed\ of the several Bays and landing

ibid.

Places within this island.

An

BARBADOES LAWS.

An Act for the rating of Wines, and other strong Liquors, to be sold by Retailers. Page li.

Pass’d 1667*

An Act concerning the Commission of the fudges and their Assistants. ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts. ibid.

An Act to supply the Defect in the Choice of Vestry [Men, <3tc. in the federal Purifies in this Island this present Tear. ibid.

An Act to prevent the Raising, Pigging, Breaking up, or Taking away of any Stones in any part of the Sea or Sea Shores before this Island, from Barly Bay, Windward, to Captain Thompson’s Bay, Leeward. iii.

An Act for Relief of such poor Persons as have much suffered by the late affiiding Hand of God. ibid.

An Act to prevent force able and clandestine Entries into any Lands or Tenements within this Island. ibid.

An Act for the speedy Recovering the Arrears of several Levies hereafter mentioned. liii.'

An Act for the 'present Stay of Building in Sti Michael’/ Town, until further Consideration. ibid.

An Act for the speedy Finding out, and re/loring to the Right Owners^ what Goods, &c. have been preserved from the late Fire. ibid.

An Act appointing a present Accommodation for His Majesty's Soldiers lately here arrived, or remaining with us. ibid.

An additional Ad concerning Slaves. liv»

An Act appointing the last Levy for the Labourers in the Windward (Regiment alias) Division, be changed into Goods. ibid.

An Act reducing the Interesl to Ten Pounds for One hundred in One Tear. ibid. 1668;

An Act for preventing the Selling of Brandy and Rum in Tipling Houses near the Broad Paths and High Ways within this Island. lvi.

An Act to prevent the Abuse of Lawyers, and Multiplicity of Law Suits, lvii.

An Act declaring the Negro Slaves of this Island to be Real Estatei ibid.

An Act for the Supply of some Words omitted in the former Act, bearing Date the 26th of April, 1667. being an Act of Subscription. lviiu

An Act continuing the Committee for settling the publick Accounts. ibid.

An Act for repealing of a former Act, establishing Market Days. ibid.

An Act for the more speedy Recovery of the Arrears of the late Act for Labour, 6tc. lix.

An Act for the Rebuilding the Town of St. Michael*/, which was lately damnified by Fire. ibid.

An Act appointing a present Accommodation for His Majestfs Soldiers in this Island. ibid.

An Act appointing with what Materials the Town of St. Michael’/ is to be built and a Repeal of a late Ad relating thereto, made in April lajii ibid*

A An

8

PafsM t*6 8.

INDEX to

An Act requiring the Execution of the former A3s, for Four Pounds of Sugar per Acre, Fifteen Pounds of Sugar per Head, and Six Pounds of Sugar per Acre, and Five Pounds of Sugar per Head, and Two Pounds of Sugar per Acre* Page iix.

An Act appointing a further Accommodation of the Officers and Soldiers of His Majestys Regiment of Sir Tobias Bridge, within this 1/land. ibid.

An Act appointing Fines upon such as shall refuse Military Commands for the present Service. ibid.

An Act for the speedy holding a General Sessions, and Goal Delivery. ibid.

An Act appointing with what Materials the Town of St. Michael’/ is to be built; and a Repeal of a late A3 relating thereto, made in April last. ibid.

An Act appointing Accommodation of the Soldiers of His Majestys Regiment of Sir Tobias Bridge, to answer His Majesty s Commands for their further Stay in this Island. ibid.

An Act for regulating and appointing the Fees of the several Offices in this Island, and other publick Ministers. ibid.

An Act for assuring the Satisfaction of what Disbursements his Excellency William Lora Willoughby of Parham, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and all other the Charibee Islands, bath been out for this Country. lxiii.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this If and ibid.

An Act for the advancing and raising the Value of Pieces of Eight, See. lxiv.

An Act appointing a further Accommodation of the Soldiers of His Majesty, in the Regiment of Sir Tobias Bridge, to answer His Majesty's Commands for their future Stay in this Island. ibid.

An Act for the Continuation of the Excise on ad firong Liquors imported this Island for One Tear. ibid.

An Act prohibiting wandring Persons from carrying of Goods and JVares in Packs, or otherwise, from House to House in this Island. ibid.

An Act to prevent taking away Sand and Stones from the Shore. lxv.

An Act for Repeal of the Clause hereafter mentioned and contained in an Act lately made, and dated the 29th of April, 1668. intituled, An Act reducing Inte-rest to Ten Pounds of Sugar for One hundred Pounds of Sugar for One Year. ibid.

An Act impowering the Freeholders of St. Tames and Christ Church, to meet and choose a Vejlry of freeholders in the said Parishes. ibid.

An additional A3 to the A3s efthe Militia now in Force in this If and ibid.

By the Deputy Governor, Council, and Afienibly, An Act concerning the Excise. lxvi.

An Act impowering Mr. Thomas Pargitor to receive from the People of the Jews Nation in this Island, what remains due of their Contribution towards the defraying of the Discharge of the Disbursements made by the said Pargitor, for his Excellency Francis Lord Willoughby’/ Expedition against.His Majestys Enemies at the Leeward Islands. ibid.

An Act to prohibit the bringing of Heading and Timber from Surinam.

8

ibid.

An

BARBADOES LAWS.

9

An additional API concerning the Conveyance of Estates. Page lxvi.

An Act appointing an bnpofl of Powder on the Tunnage of all Ships trading to this Island. lxvii.

An Act for the more advantageous hanging of Coppers and Stills. ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling all Publick Accounts of this Island, and receiving and paying all its just Credits and Debts. ibid.

An Act for the Continuation of the Excise on all firong Liquors imported this Island, for Six Mouths next coming. lxviii.

An Act about Surinam. Another Act after made for Repeal, and is Obsolete. ibid.

An Act appointing Bench Actions, and the Manner of proceeding therebn ibid.

An Act concerning Spanish Mmey. lxix.

An Additional Act relating to the Militia. ibid.

An Act appointing Overseers of Plantations to officiate and aft as Surveyors of the Highways and Constables. ibid.

An Act for the Settlement of the Government of this Island. lxx.

By the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, concerning the Excise. ibid.

An additional API to the Act, intituled, An Act appointing a Committee for settling Publick Accounts of this Island, and receiving and paying all its just Credits and Debts. ibid.

An Act for Continuance of the Excise. ibid.

An additional Act for the further Continuance of the Authority of the Commissioners for the Publick Revenue of this Island. ibid.

An additional API to the API concerning the Conveyance of Efidtes. ibid.

An Act to give Encouragement to all Persons to bring Servants to this Island. lxxii.

An JPi to prevent spiriting People off this Island. ibid.

An additional API to the API for efiabliffing the Courts of Common Pleas within this Island. lxxiii.

A Repeal of an APR intituled, An Act to prevent Multiplicity of Lawyers and Law Suits. . lxxiv.

An JPt to prevent Abuse of Lawyers, and Multiplicity of Law Suits. ibid.

An Act for the retailing of Wines and other firong Liquors to be sold by the Retailers. lxxv.

An Act for the trying all Petty Larcenies at the several Quarter Sessions held within this Island. ibid.

An Act for the regulating and appointing the Fees of the Secretary of this Island. lxxvi*

An Act for the Encouragement of the Manufacture of this Island. lxxviii.

Act API to prohibit bringing Wines to this Island. ibid.

An additional Act for the further Continuance of the Authority of Commissioners for the Publick Revenue of this Island. ibid.

An Act for raising an Impofxtion on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island• ibid.

c

An

Pass’d

1669°

\6yoi

to

INDEX to

Pafsd 1670.

1672.

y ~r

An Act for levying Two hundred Pounds of Sugar on every Copper and Still, &c. within this Island. Page lxxviii.

An Act impowering James Beeke Esq-, to build a publick Wharf in the Town of Michael’s. " ibid.

An Act for the Continuation of the Imposition on Wines and Strong Liquors im~ portedthis Island. lxxix.

An additional Act to the Act for the Levy* Sic. ibid.

An additional Act to the Act to prohibit bringing Wines to this Islandi ibid.

An additional Act for the further Continuance of the Authority of the Commissioners for settling the publish. Accounts, Sic. ibid.

TAn Act appointing a Duty to be levied on Liquors imported this Islandt ibid.

An Act to prevent Depopulations. ibid.

An Act for the speedy getting in fitch Sums of Sugar as remain due to the Publish by several Levies appointed by several Acts. ibid.

An Act for recovering a Publish Debt from the Estate of Richard Romney, the late Receiver. ibid.

An Act for the Prevention of firing of Sugar Canes. ibid.

An additional Act for the further Continuance of the Authority of Commissioners for settling the publick Accounts. lxXx. y

An Act impowering the Freeholders of the Parish of St. George’s to meet and choose a Vefiry of the Freeholders in the said Parish. ibid.

An additional Act for preventing the landing of prohibited firong Liquors. ibid.

An Act impowering the Committee-of the Publick Accounts of this Island to appoint Payment to Mr. William Withington, for so much of his Account relating to the publick Affairs as the Country hath Benefit by. ibid.

An Act to prohibit the Transporting of Uncured Ginger off this Island. ibid.

An Act for the Settlement of the Militia within this Island. lxxxii.

By the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, for the speedy Payment of the late Levy on Coppers and Stills. ibid.

An Act for the Continuation of an Act, intituled, An Act appointing a Duty on Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act to repeal an Act, intituled, An Act for the recovering in a publick Debt from the Estate of Richard Romney, the late Receiver. ibid.

An Act for the annual rating of Liquors. ibid.

An Act concerning Forestallers and Ingrossers of Provisions. lxxxiii.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines, and prohibiting Brandy or difiilled Spirits to be imported this Island. lxxxiv.

An Act concerning Persons intended to depart this Island, and the setting up their Names in the Secretary's Office, and Warrants of Arrest. ibid.

'An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the prohibiting the Importation of Wines and other Liquors into this Island. xc.

An Act appointing a Duty to be levied on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

8 An

barbadoes laws.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Brandy or other distitted Spirits id this island. Page xc*

An additional Act fdr the further Continuance of the Authority of the Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts. ibid.

A declarative Act upon the Act making Negroes real Estate. ibid.'

An additional Act for the further Continuance of the Authority of the Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts. xci.

A Repeal of an Act> intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Brandy or other distilled Spirits to this island. ibid.

An Act appointing a Duty upon Brandy and other distilled Liquors'. ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this island. ibid.

An Act for the Continuation of an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Impo-fltion on Winesand other strong Liquors imported this island. ibid.

An additional Act for the further Continuance of the Authority of the Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts. ibid.

An additional Act concerning the detaining of Negroes.• ibid.

An Act for collecting the Arrears of divers Levies for Repair of the Fortifications. ibid.

An Act to confirm the Lease of Forrtabeli unto his Excellency Sir Jonathan Atkins, Knight, Governor of this island, &c; ibid.

An Act for taking off the Eighty Days after Execution for future Contrails^ ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this island. xcii.

An Act reviving and continuing the Authority of Commissioners for settling the Publick Account Si ibid.

An Act for regulating the Gauge of Sugar Cask. ibid.

An Act for reviving and continuing the Authority of Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts. xciii.

An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this tficind. ibid.

Act Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this island. ibid.

An Act for Allowance of a second free Entry for the dead Production of this IJlxnd, loft or taken, relating to the Four and a half per Cent. ibid.

An Jit for reviving and continuing the Authority of Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts. xciv.

An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act forlayirtg an Im- position on Wines and other Liquors imported this island* ibid*

An Act to prevent People called Quakers from bringing Negroes to their "Meeting. ibid*

A supplemental Ail to a former Act, intituled, An Act for the better ordering and governing of Negroes. xev.

An Act for binding out of Apprentices. ibid.;

An

It

P’afs’d

16qG.

12

I N D *E X to

Pass’d An Act for the Explanation to the Act of Negroes, and to prohibit the bringing \6r]6. of Indians to this Island. xcv.

An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Fayment of the Excise of this Island. xcvi.

An Act for the better enabling the Executors of William Plumley deceased, to fell his Estate for the Payment of His Debts. ibid.

An Act for reviving and continuing the Authority of Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts. ibid.

An Act appointing Satisfaction to the Owners of such Negroes as have lately suffered Death for their Rebellion. ibid.

An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors impoited this Illar.d; and another Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Payment: of the Excise of this Island. ibid.,

An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies upon the Inhabitants of this If and by Fore-stallers, Ingrojfers, and Regrators. ibid.

An Act to prevent the breaking up and taking away of any Rocks or Stones in any part of the Sea or Sea Shore before this If and xcviiu

An Act to burthen those who have Retit Charges and Profits ifiling out of Rands and Negroes in this Island, to bear a Proportion of Taxes. ibid.

An Act to explain a Clause in the Act for efiabliftoing the Courts of Common Pleas within this Island. ibid.

An Act for the securing the Pofefion of Negroes and Slaves. xeix.

A Repeal of an Act, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Manufacture of this Island. ibid.

An Act for Continuance of an Act, intituled, A supplemental Act to a former Act for the better ordering and governing of Negroes. ibid.

An Act appointing the Sale in open Market of Effects attached for the Excise, the Parish Dues, and Servants Wages. ibid.

An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this Island; and another Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Payment of the Excise of this Island. c.

An Act ferr Continuance of divers Acts of this 7fund. ibid.

An Act appointing what Freeholders fall be capable to elect at the choosing of Representatives and Vefries for this if and ibid.

An Act for raising a Levy of Two Pounds of Sugar per Acre, and Five Pounds of Sugar per Negro. ibid.

1677. dn explanatory Act to the Act of Underwritings and Arrests. ibid.

An Act impowering Benjamin Middleton Esq-, to fell his Estate for Payment of his Debts. d.

An Act for the more speedy Remedy in Di/lreffes taken Damage Feafant. ibid.

An Act for reviving and continuing, an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this Island; and another Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Payment of the Excise of this Island. ibid.

An

8

BARBADOES LAWS.

An Act to explain a Branch of a former Act for ordering and governing of Negroes. Page ci*

An Act for laying an Impojitiou on Wines and other Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act to enable Colonel William Bate to receive the Debts by him contrafted relating to the Excise. ibid.

Pass’d

1677*

An Act to continue the Act of the Militia. ibid*

An Act to revive and continue an Act for Allowance of a Second free Entry of the dead Productions of this Island, lofi or taken, &Zc. relating to the Four and a half per Cent. ibid.

An Act for the Supply of a Strength of Labourers to the repairing and JiniJJoing of Fortifications and Breast Works, and building new ones, where Occasion requires. ibid.

An Act to encourage the bringing of Christian Servants. ibid.

A supplemental Act to the Act of Excise. ibid.

An Act for the beter regulating the manner of giving Tickets out of the Secretary's Office. ibid.

An Act to continue the Act of Militia. ibid.

An Act for raffing a further Levy to defray the Charge of buildings rebuilding» and repairing our several Fortifications and Breast Works. cii*

An Jft for the Supply of a further Strength of Labourers to the repairing and finifioing of Fortifications and Breast Works, and building new ones, where Occasion requires. ibid.

A supplemental Act to the late Act for a further Supply of Labourers to the repairing and finishing Fortifications and Breast Works. ibid.

An Act to continue an Act to prevent the People called Quakers from bringing Negroes to their Meetings. ibid.

An Act to repeal part of an Act for Continuance of an Act for the better ordering and governing of Negroes. ibid.

An Act to strengthen the Militia of this Island. ibid.

An Act to revive the Excise. ibid.

An Act for the settling Six Acres and "Thirty Perches of Land, and Two Negroes, in the Representatives of the Parish of Christ Church, for maintaining five poor People, by the Gift of Mr. Philip Trowel. ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the publick Accounts of this Island'.

ciii.

I67f<

An Act to continue the Act of the Militia. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for binding out Apprentices. ibid.

An Act to continue an Act to prevent the breaking and taking away of any Rocks or Stones in any part of the Sea or Sea Shore before this Island. ibid.

An Act to continue an Act to burthen those who have Rent Charges and Profits issuing out of Land and Negroes in this Island, to bear a Proportion of Taxes.

ibid*

An Act to continue the Act of Excise. ibid.

d An

INDEX to

14

Pass’d Ati AH for raising a Pubick Stock to discharge the Lojfes of Negroes suffering by 1675. Appointment of Law. Page ciii.

An additional AH to an Act, intituled, An Act for Allowance of a Second free Entry for the dead Productions of this Island loll or taken, relating to the Four and a half per Cent. ibid.

An Act for Continuance of divers AHs of this Island. ibid.

An Act for raising a Levy to defray tha Charge of building, rebuilding, and repairing our several fortifications and Breast Works, and other Publick Occasions. civ.

An Act for the better enabling the Executors of William Plumley deceased, to fell his Estate for the Payment of his Debts. ibid -

An Act to continue the AH of Excise. ibid.

An Act to continue the AHs of the Militia. ibid,

1678. An Act for the more effectual putting in Execution a Statute of England, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, appointing a Cosnmttee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island. cv.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, for securing the Possession of Negroes and Slaves. ibid.

An Act for the speedy collecting of all Arrears of Levies of Sugar, and Labour of Hands, appointed by divers AHs, for the speedy finishing the Fortifications and Breast Works of this Island. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue several AHs of the 'Militia. ibid.

An Act repealing an Act for Allowance of a Second free Entry of the deadPro-duHions of this Island loft or taken, and relating to the Four and a half per Cent. ibid.

An Act to continue an Act for the better regulating the manner of giving Pickets out of the Secretary s Office. ibid.

An Act for destroying wild Monkies and Raccoons. cvi.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island. ibid.

An Act for raising a Levy to defray the Charge of building, repairing, and finishing the Leeward Fortifications and Breast Works, and other Publick Occafi-ons of this Island. ibid.

An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. ibid.

\66y AH for settling an Impost on the Commodities of the Growth of this Island. ibid.

An Act concerning Replevins. cviii.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts. ibid.

An Act to continue divers AHs of this Island. ibid.

An Act for a Supply of a further Strength of Labourers to the repairing and finishing of Forts and Fortifications, and building new ones, where Occasion requires, and raising Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof. ibid.

An

BARBADOES LAWS.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the fublick Accounts of this Ifiandi

Page cviii;

An Act to revive and continue divers Acts of this Island. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, An Act for taking off the Eighty Days after Execution for future Contracts. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Ail appointing the Sale in open Markets, of Effeils attached for the Excite, the Par iff Dues^ and Servants Wages; and a. declarative Act upon the Act making Negroes real Estate. eix.

An Act for computing the Arrears of Publick Levies into AJoney. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue divers Aits of this Island. ibid.

An Act for the raising a Levy for the better defraying fame Publick OccafmHs.

ibid.

An Act to confirm the Lease of Fontabell to his Excellency Sir Richard Dutton, Knight, Governor of this Island. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island. ibid.

An Act appointing red Coats to be worn by all the Foot Militia of this If and ibid*

An Act to revive an Act, intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. ibid.

An Act for destroying wild Monkies and RaccoonSi ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. ibid.

An Act for the better regulating the manner of giving Tickets out of the Secretary's Office. ibid.

An Act to encourage the bringing of Christian Servants, and to prevent their running away, or being font off this If and cx.

An additional Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for a Levy on Land and Negroes, to discharge the necessary Debts, and for providing for the Security of this Island. ibid.

An Act appointing the Sale in open Markets, of Effeils attached for Arrears, ibid*

An Act for raising Monies to the Fortifications of this If and, and for other Services of His Majesty. cxi.

An additional Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for the raising Monies for the Fortifications of this Island, and for other Services of His Majesty. ibid.

An Act for the regulating the Gauge of Sugar Cask. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, A supplemental Ad to a former Act for the better ordering and governing of Negroes; and an Act intituled, An Act for the securirtg the Possession of Negroes. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts- of this If and cxii.

An Act for a Levy upon Wind Mills. ibid.

An Act for the further Accommodation of his Excellency in his intended Voyage.

ibid.

An

15

Pass’d

1678.

1682

16

INDEX to

Pass’d An Atf? to continue an Act, appointing aCommittee for settling the Publick Accounts 1682. of this Island. Page cxif.

An Act for the ascertaining the Bounds of the several Parishes, and inclosing the Church Yards within this Island. ibid.

An Act for laying an imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this Island. cxiii.

An Act to revive an Act, intituled', An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island.

ibid.

An Act for holding a Court of Grasid Sessions, Oyer and Yerminer. General Goal Delivery, and Commission of the Peace, in this Island. ibid.

1684. An Act for more speedy Remedy in Dislrejfes taken Damage Feafant3 and Trespasses done by Horses, Cattle, and other living Chattels. ibid.

An Act to revive an Act, intituled, A supplemental Act to a former Act for the better ordering and governing of Negroes. cxiv.

An Act to continue an Act, intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. ibid.

An Act to impower Attorneys to cotrfefs Judgsnent upon particular Warrants, ibid.

An Act impowering the Committee of Publick Accounts to colleii the Arrears of Labourers. cxv.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for the destroying of wild Monkies and Racoons. ibid.

How Pyrates and Felonies done upon the Sea shall be tried and punished. ibid.

An Act to raise a Sum of Money to farm the Duty of Four and a half per Cent# upon Commodities of the Produce of this Country exported this Island. cxvi.

An Act for laying an imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act to confirm the Lease of Fontabell unto his Excellency Sir Richard Dutton Knight, See. ibid.

An Act impowering the Committee of Publick Accounts to colleH the Arrears of Labourers. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue divers AHs of this Island. ibid.

An Act for a Levy upon Negroes. ibid.

An Act for the governing and retaining within this Island all such Rebels ConviH, as by His Majestys jnofi Sacred Order or Permit, have been,or shall be transported from his European Dominions to this Place. ibid.

An Act appointing a Treasurer of th is Island ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the publick Accounts of this Island,

cxvii.

An Act to continue an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue divers AHs of this Island. ibid.

8 An

BARBADOES LAWS.

*7

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. Pa§e cxviL

An Act for laying a Duty on Shipping, for the building of Piers, and clearing the Bar in Carlisle Road. ibid.

Pass’d

i 684;

An Act impowering a Committee to collect the Laws. ibid.

To the Right Honourable Edwin Stede, His Majesty's Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief of this and other the Chaiibbee Islands; A Present to him of One thousand Pounds Sterling. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue divers Acts of this Island. ibid®

An Act to continue an Act, intituled, An Act impowering a Committee to collect the Laws of this Island. ibid.

An Act to revive and contimte an Act, appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island. ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act to confirm the Lease of Fontabell to the Honourable Edwin Stede Esq;

ibid.

An additional and explanatory Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act for the govern- t6QS: ing of Servants, and ordaining Rights between Matters and Servants, cxviii.

An Act to revive and continue divers Acts of this Island. ibid.

An Act for the governing of Negroes. ibid.'

To the Right Honourable the Lieutenant Governor, A Present of One thousand Pounds Sterling. cxxvi.

An Act for binding out and ordering poor Apprentices. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for laying an Imposition o?i JVtnes and other strong Liquors imported this Island. cxxviii-

An Act for the better regulating of Outcries in open Market. ibid.

An Act for the securing the Possession of Negroes and Slaves. cxxix;

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing in of Christian Servants, and to prevent their running away, and being sent off this Island. cxxx.

An Act to repeal an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Depopulation. ibid.

An Act for a Levy upon Negroes. ibidi

An additional Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. ibid.

An Act for a Levy upon Negroes. ibid,;

An Act for a Levy upon Negroes. ibidi

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the publick Accounts of this Island\

ibidi

i8

INDEX to

Pass’d An Act declaring the further Uses of an Act for a Levy upon Negroes.

, 1688. Page cxxx.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled;, An Act to encourage the bringing in of Christian Servants, and to prevent their running away, or being sent off this Island. cxxxi.

An Act for the further Accommodation of his Excellency in his intended Voyage.

ibid.

1690. An Act to encourage Artificers and others to take Apprentices. ibid*

An Act for the better ascertaining how the Bonds forfeited for carrying Persons off this tjland without a Ticket shall be imployed. ibid.

An Act to establish and ascertain the Bushel Weight, by which all forts of Corn, Pulse, or other the Produce of this Island, shall be bought and sold. cxxxii.

An Act for regulating the exorbitant Rates demanded and received by Ma/lers of Ships and others for freight of Sugars, 3Cc. for Europe. cxxxiii.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act to confirm the Lease of Fontabell to his Excellency Colonel James Kendal.

ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island.

ibid.

An Act to repeal an Act for the govern'ing and retaining within this l/land all fitch Rebels convict, as by His Majestfs most Sacred Order or Permit, have been, or shall be transported from his European Dominions to this Place, ibid.

An Act fora Levy upon Mills, Negroes, and Inhabitants of the several Towns within this Island, for their Houses, Trades, and Per final Estates. ibid.

An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers for intrenching and fortifying this If and in fitch Places as his Excellency fall direct• ibid.

An Act appointing what Freeholders shall be deemed capable to elect or be elected Representatives, Vejhy JS/len, or serve as Jurors to try real Actions within this Tfiand. ibid.

*69An Act for prohibiting the everal Clerks of the Courts of Common Pleas within this Island, to practise as Attorneys in the Courts where they are Clerks. cxxxiv.

An Act declaring in what manner the Salaries and Expences of Edward Littleton, and William Bridges, Esquires, Agents in England, appointed for soliciting of the Affairs of this Island, shall be paid. ibid.

An Act to repeal a Clause of an Act, intituled, An Act for a Levy upon Mills, Negroes, and Inhabitants of the several Towns within this Island, for their Houses, Trade, and Personal Estates. ibid.

An additional Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers for intrenching and fortifying this Island in such Places as his Excellency shall direct. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. cxxxv.

An

c

BARBADOES LAWS.

*9

An Act for the enabling the Honourable William Sharp Esq; Son and Heir of Colonel William Sharp, late of this Island, deceased, to sell and convey a Part of his Land, being waste and unimproved, for the Payment of his Father's Debts, and some other Debts contracted in his Minority, which is now a Burthen upon the said Estate; as also to enable him to flock and fully improve the Remainder. cxxxv.

An Act to prohibit and hinder the Inhabitants of this Island to imploy their Negroes and other Slaves in buying and selling. ibid.

A supplemental Act to an Act, intruded, An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers for intrenching and fortifying this Island in such Places as his Excellency shall diretft. ibid.

An Act tb secure and reimburse the Honourable Colonel Richard Salter, Treasurer of this Island, all such Sums of Money, together with the Inter eft of the fame, after the Rate of Fen per Cent, per Annum, he shall lend and accommodate towards the hiring, equipping, and fitting out Two Ships, Sloops, or other Vessels of War, Jit for the Defence of this Island. ibid.

A further supplemental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers for intrenching and fortifying this Island in such Places as his Excellency shall dire«ft. ibid.

An Act for accommodating and quartering Fheir Majesties Soldiers lately arrived here. ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island.

ibid.

A declarative Act to an Act, intituled, An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers for intrenching and fortifying this Island in such Places as his Excellency shall direct, and the additional and supplemental Acts thereto.

cxxxvi.

An Act enabling John Kirton Gent, to fell certain Lands in the Parish of Christ Church, in the Island of Barbadoes, for the Payment of his Debts*’ ibid.

An Act appointing what Freeholders shall be deemed capable to elect or be elected Representatives, Vestry M,en, or serve as yurors to try real Actions within this Island. ibid.

A declarative Act concerning Frade. ibid.

An Act to raise, arm, and accoutre One thousand Men for an Expedition against the French. ibid.

A supplemental and explanatory Act to an Act, intituled, An Act to raise, arm? and accoutre One thousand Men for an Expedition against the French, ibid.

An Act appointing an Oath to be taken by all such as by the Laws of this Island are or Jfoall be impowered to hear and determine Writs of Error, and Petitions of Grievances, and all other Matters of Equity whatsoever. cxxxvii.

'An Act for Encouragement of all Negroes and Slaves, that shall discover any Con-spiracy. ibid.

An additional Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for the governing of Negroes.

cxxxv iii.

An Act for the free quartering a Regiment of Their Majesties Soldiers. cxxxix.

An

Pass’d

1692.'.

20

INDEX to

Pass’d

i6$t.

1694.

An Jd appointing Perfom to ride armed. Page cxxxix.

An Act for prohibiting the felling of Rum or other Jirong Liquors to any Negroe or other Slave. cxl.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, An Act to prohibit and binder the Inhabitants of this Island to imploy their Negroes and other Slaves in buying and selling. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for laying an Imposition on Wi?ies and other firong Liquors imported to this Island. ibid.

An Act for defraying the Charge of accommodating the Court Martial and Officers appointed for the Tryal of Negroes. ibid.

An Act for settling the Rates of Freight for Commodities of the Produce of this Island shipped for Europe. ibid.

An Act for a present Accommodation of "Their Majesties Forces arrived and daily expected. exit.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Pnllick Accounts of this Island.

ibid.

An Act for a Present to the Governor.' ibid.

An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers to clean the Trenches, and repair the Breast Works and Bonifications of this Island, as his Excellency shall dived. ibid.

A Supplemental Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. ibid.

An Act appointing a Comptroller. ibid.

An Act for adding some new Commissioners for settling the Accounts of the late Expedition. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other firong Liquors imported this Island, ibid.

An Act for the speedy supplying their Majesties Ships of War the Tyger and the Mermaid with Men. ibid.

An Act for raffing a Levy to discharge the Debts of this Island. ibid.

An additional Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on W ines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island.

ibid.

An Act for a present Supply of the Necessities of this If and ibid.

An Act for an equal Quartering of the Soldiers of his Excellency's Regiment lately arrived, and that shall arrive. cxlii.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island; and an additional Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and orlrer strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act to prevent the breaking up and taking away of any Rocks or Stones in any part of the Sea or Sea Shores before this ljlandt ibid.

8

An

BARBADOES LAWS.

21

An Act to remit the Forfeitures incurred by Non-payment of the Levies imposed by an Act for a present Supply of the Necessities of this Island cxlii.

An Act for setting forth the Brigantine Mary gold, now taken up in the Service of this Island, and defraying other pressing Necessities thereof. ibid.

An Act impowering the Freeholders of the Parish of St. John s, to meet and choose a Vefiry of Freeholders in the said Par iff}. cxlii:.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Iflana. . ibid.

An Act for securingfuch Persons as shall advance Seven hundred and four Pounds Sterling for victualling of His Majesty's Ships of War the Bristol and the Play Prize, and the furnishing them with other present Necessities. ibid.

An Act appointing the Agents, and the Payment of their Salaries, for the fioliciting the Affairs of this Country. ibid.

An Act for a Present of Two thousand Pounds Sterling to the Flonourable Francis Russel Esq; ibid.

An Act for additional Supply of the Soldiers of His Majestys Regiment of Toot, whereof his Excellency Francis Ruffe 1 Esq; is Colonel. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.'

An Act for a Present of Two thousand Pounds Sterling unto the Honourable Fran-, cis Russel Esq-, ibid.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accotmts of this Island.;

ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act for taking up a Sloop to fetch up the Men from the Leeward Islands.

ibid.

An Act for raising a Levy to set out Ships, and encourage Privateer si ibid.

An Act for the Encouragement of Privateers. cxUv.’

An Act impowering Philip Kirton Gent, to fell certain Lands in the PariJI} of Christ Church. ibid.

An Act to encourage the bringing in of Christian Servants to this Island, ibid.

An Act for the Supply of Commission Officers of His Majesty's Regiment, whereof his Excellency Francis Russel is Colonel. ibid.'

An Act impowering the Freeholders of the Parish of St. Thomas, to sneet and choose a Vefiry of Freeholders in the said Parish. ibid.

An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers to clear the Trenches, and re- . pair the Breast Works and Fortifications of this Island. ibid.

A supplesnental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. ~ ibid.

An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Payment of the Powder Duty. ibid.

An Act for the speedy Supply of Arms, Ammunitions, Stores, and White Servants.

ibid.

f An

Pass’d 1694.

22

INDEX to

Pass’d An Act declaring the Deri (ion of all controverted Elections of Members to serve in

1695-7. the General jijfembly, to be legally and rightfully in the Representatives of His Majesty's Liege People of this Island. Page cxliv.

An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers to clear the Trenches, and repair the Brea ft Works and Fortifications of this Island. cxlv.

A supplemental and explanatory Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for binding and ordering poor Apprentices. ibid.

An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form. cxlvii.

169 j. An Act to disable the (fudges from pleading and praffifing in any of the Courts of this Island. cxlviii.

An Act to repeal an Act, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on Shipping, for the building of Piers, and clearing the Bar in Carlisle Road. ibid.

An Aff appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island

ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Aff for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act declaring how the Charges and Expences for the taking up and fitting out the Ship Providence Frigat, and the Ship Benjamin, which were lately imployed in the Country's Service, shall be born and paid. ibid.

An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders, and be capable of electing, or being eleffed Representatives, Vestrymen. or to serve as Jurors to try Real Aff ions within this Island. cxlix.

An Act to ascertain the Duty of Masters of Ships and 'Merchants for the Payment of an Impofl of Powder on the Tunnage. ibid.

An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. clii;

An Act for the better securing the Liberty of His Majestys Subjects within this Island, and preventing long Imprisonment. clxviii.

An Act impffwering the Freeholders of the Parish of St. Peters All Saints, to meet and choose a Vestry of Freeholders in the said Parish, dec. ibid.

An Aff impowering the Freeholders of the Parish of St. Lucy, to meet and choose a Vestry of Freeholders in the said Parish, dec. ibid.

An Act to declare and ascertain the Rights and Powers of the General Affeinbly of this Island. ibid.

An Act to settle Five hundred Pounds per Annum on his Excellency for his Habitation. ibid.

An Act for Two thousand Pounds for his Excellency's Charges of his Voyage towards the better Support for the Government. ibid.

1698. An Act concerning the General Sessions'. Ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. clxx.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An

BARBADOES LAWS.

23

A supplemental Act for the Provision of Servants. Page clxx.

A declarative Ad to an Act, intituled, A Supplemental Act for the Provisions of Servants. ibid.

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act to ascertain the Duty of Matters of Ships and Merchants for the Payment of an Impost of Powder on the Tunnage j and a supplemental Clause to the said Act. clxxi.

A supplemental Act for the further Provision of White Servants. ibid;

An explanatory and additional Ad to an Act, intituled, A supplemental Act for the further Provision for White Servants, bearing Date the 18th Day of May, 1699. dxxii,

A further supplemental Ad to an Act, bearing Date the 18th Day of May, 1699. intituled, A supplemental Act for the further Provision of White Servants.

ibid.

An Act for the Payment of Two thousand Pounds, current Money of this Island, to his Excellency Ralph Grey Efij; ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. ibid#

An Act to secure the Honourable Thomas’Sadlier Esq; late Treasurer of the Island o/Barbadoes, such Debts as he hath made good to the Publick. ibid.

An Act for the equal placing out and disposing of such Servants as are now belonging to the Country undisposed of ibid.

An Act for raising a Levy to discharge the publick Debts of this Island•

clxxv.

An Act to secure the peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them. ibid.

A supplemental Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act for raising a Levy to discharge the Publick Debts of this Island. ibid.

An Act for Retni/fion of Fines of the late Grand Sessions'. ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other ' firong Liquors imported this Iflana. ibid.

An Act for the Payment of Two thousand Pounds Sterling to his Excellency the Honourable Ralph Grey. clxxvi.

An Act to continue an Act, intituled, An Act to secure the peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them. ibid.

An Act for raising a Levy to defray the Charges of repairing the Fortificationsl

ibid.

A supplemental Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, intituled, An Act to secure the peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them, bearing Date the 22 a Day of January, 1700.’

ibid.

A supplemental and explanatory Ad to an Act, bearing Date the 10th Day of February, 1696. intituled, An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers to clear the Trenches, and repair the Breast Works and Fortifications of this Island* ~ ibid.

c An

Pass’d

1698.

1699.

1700;

24

INDEX to

Pass’d

1700.

1701-2

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, An Act to secure the peaceable Poireflion of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them.

Page clxxvi.

A Supplemental Ad to an Act of Militia. ibid.

An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers to clear the Trenches, and repair the Breast Works and Fortifications of this Island. ibid.

An Act for the Encouragement of Artificers to labour on the Fortifications of this Island. ibid.

An Act for the Payment of the Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling to his Excellency Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of Warke, (Jc. ibid.

An Act to prevent Freemen, White Servants, Negroes, and other Slaves, running from this Island in Shallops, Boats, and other Vessels. clxxvii.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other firong Liquors imported to this Island. ibid.

An Act for the Encouragement of White Servants, and to ascertain their Allowance of Provisions and Clothes. ibid.

An Act for the colliding of several Sums of Money and Arrears due to the Publick of this Island. ibid.

An Act to ratify, approve, and confirm. Letters Patent, Gifts, Grants, Bargains,’ Sales, Conveyances, and all other Instruments of Writing relating to the Tythes of the several Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Tenements, Slaves, and other Hereditaments within this Island. ibid.

An Act to encourage Privateers in case of a Warl ibid.'

An Act to revive and continue an Act to secure the peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punifl) the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them. ibid.

An Act to encourage the Inhabitants of this Island to become Owners of Vessels.

ibid.

An Act to revive and Continue an Act, intituled, An Act to prohibit and hinder the Inhabitants of this Island to imploy their Negroes and other Slaves in buying and selling. ibid.

An Act to raise and provide a further Strength of Labourers to clear the Trenches, and repair the Breajl Works and Fortifications of this Island. Dated 23 January, 1701-2. ibid.

An Act to raise and provide a further Strength of Labourers to clear the Trenches, and repair the Breajl Works and Fortifications of this Island. Dated 10 March,

1701-2. clxxviii.

An Act to raise a Levy for repairing the Fortifications and Breajl Works. ibid. -

An Act for the fitting out of Ships or Vessels of War. ibid.

An Act that all Persons, both civil and military, in Office^ Authority, and Government, at the Demise of the late King, shall continue until further Orders, and Settlement by a Governor, or Her Majestys Pleasure be further known.

ibid.

An Act for Remittance of the Duty of Prize Liquors. ibid.'

An Act for purchasing a Vessel of War, and fitting her out, and Maintenance* of Prisoners. ibid.

A sup-

BARBADOES LAWS.

25

A supplemental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for purchasing a Vessel of Pass’d War, and fitting her out, and Maintenance of Prisoners 5 as also a supplemen- 1701-2. tal Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for the fitting out of Ships or Vessels of War. Page clxxviii.

'An Act for laying an Impoftion on Wines and other [hong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act for the present Accommodation of tier 'Majestys Forces arrived in the Skips of War under the Command of Commodore Hovenden Walker, ibid.

An Act for the further Accommodation of Her Majesty's Forces. ibid.

Asi Act for raising a Levy to discharge the Publick Debts of this Island. clxxix.

An Act to settle Five hundred Pounds per Annum on his Excellency Sir Bevill

Granville Knight, Her Majesty's Governor and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Ifands, 5Cc. ibid.

An Act to remit the Forfeitures or Penalties of divers Afis of this If and, laying La xcs on the Inhabitants thereof. ibid.

An Act for the Encouragement of White Servants, and to ascertain their Allow- 1703; ance of Provisions and Clothes. ibid.

An Act for laying an Impoftion on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island. dxxxh

'An Act for the Alteration of a Qause in the Excise. ibid.'

An Act for raising a Levy to defray the Publick Debts of this If and ibid.'

An Act to fecnre the Payment of the Annual Rent of certain Lands and Buildings 1704; hired at the Charge of the Publick. ibid.

'An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this If and*

clxxxii.

An Act for laying an Impoftion on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this If and ibid.

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Powder, Lead, and Pewter, during this present War. ibido

An Act for the better Establishment of the Fortifications'. ibid.

An Act impowering the Freeholders of St. ThomasV to meet and choose a Feflry for the said Parifo<, and appointing the Method for electing Vefiries for the future. ibid.

An Act for raising a Levy to discharge the Publick Debts of this Island. ibid.

An Act to regulate the Proceedings oj the Vestry for the Parish of St. Lucy, in relation to the late Poll Tax on Negroes. ibidj

An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Bent, in case the Bent be not . paid in a reasonable time. ibid. 1704'5«

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Clergy'. clxxxiv.

An Act to raise a Levy upon the several Inhabitants of this Islandk clxxxr.

An Act for the Disposal of the printed Laws of Barbadoes in the several Parishes of this If and ibid.

A

2.6

INDEX to

Pass’d A supplemental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for raising a Levy to discharge 1704-5. die Publick Debts of this Island. Page clxxxv.

An Act for the impoivering the Judges to adjourn the federal Courts of Common Pleas to convenient Places cut of the Towns. ibid.

17°J* An additional AH to the AH, intituled, An Act for establishing the Courts of Common Pleas within this Kland. clxxxvi.

A Supplemental AH to an Act, intituled, An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island. ibid.

An Act for laying an hnposition on I Vines and other firong Liquors imported this Island. ibid.

An Act concerning the Agents for Solicitation of the Publick Affairs of this Island*

clxxxvii.

A supplemental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders, and be capable of eleding, or being cleded Reprelcntatives, Veltrvmcn, or to serve as Jurors to try Real Actions within this Island. ibid.

An Act for laying a Duty on Negroes and other Slaves imported to this Island.

ibid.

An Act for laying a Duty of Fifteen Pence per Tun on all Ships and ether Vessels that shall arrive at this Island. clxxxviii.

An Act to raise a Levy on the fever at Inhabitants of this I flat id. ibid.

An Act to supply the Want of Money for the Payment of the Levy now intended

to be levied on the several Inhabitants of this Island. ibid.

An Act to appoint Watches to be in the respective Towns of this Island. clxxxix.

An Act appointing the General Officers of this Island to be Commissioners of the Fortifications in the several Divisions of this Island. cxciii.

A supplemental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for the better Establishment of the Fortifications of this Island. ibid.

An Act for the more effectual carrying on and completing the Fortifications of this Island. ibid.

An Act for the more speedy Colie ft ion of the Duties arising on the Duty of Strong Liquors. cxciv.

An Act to supply the Want of Caflo, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons hav 'ing Peal Estates in this Island, ibid.

An Act for the better enabling the Executors of Christopher Eftwicke Esq; deceas'd, to pay the Debts of the said Chiiftopher Eftwicke. ibid.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Courts of Common Pleas in this Island, and to prevent several umecessary Delays in the Proceedings of the said Courts.

ibid.

1706. Wt to repeal certain Clauses in an Act, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders, and be capable of eleding, or being elected Representatives, Vestrymen, or to serve as Jurors to try Real Actions within this IfLnd.

exeix.

An Act concerning the Agents for Solicitation of the Publick Affairs of this Island.

ibid.

An

BARBADOES LAWS:

27

An All appointing Commissioners to take an Account of fitch Bills as have been issued by virtue of a late Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Caih, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island. Page exeix.

An Act declaring that the Court of Common Pleas for the Precisxtof St. Michael, Sr. George, and St. John, may be holden jm Wednesday the "Twenty sixth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and six, and Jo successively from time to time. ibid.

A supplemeutal Art to the Art, intituled, An Act appointing Commissioners to take an Account of Each Bills as iiave been issued by Virtue of a late Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island. ibid.

An Art appointing an Oath to be taken by Commanders of Merchant Ships, or other Vessels. cc.

An Act to discharge the present Guards of the several Ports, Bays, and Batteries within-this Island, and to establish a more cafy Method. cci.

An Act to ascertain the Payment of fitch Bills as have been issued pursuant to a late Art of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island.

ibid.

An Act appointing the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be paid yearly to his Excellency Mitford Crowe Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other Pier Najejiys Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guardelonpe, &c. ccviih

An Act for the enabling Thomas Mogridge of this Island Surveyor, and all others claiming Power from him, to enjoy the foie Power and Profit of building Purchase Mills. ibid.

An Art appointing an Oath to be taken by Executors, Administrators, and Guardians. ibid.

An Act to encourage the Inhabitants of this Island to advance a Sum of Money for the immediate Support and Defence of this Island. ccxi.

An Act for the Removal of the Provisions that are in the several Towns of this Island out of the fluid Towns into the Country. ibid.

An Act for the Encouragement of such Negroes and other Slaves that fl:all behave themselves couragiously against the Enemy in time of Invasion. ibid.

An Act to impozver his Excellency Mitford Crowe Esq; to impress, or take up all such things as shall be necessary for the Defence of this Jflatid at this Jf nurture.

ccxii.

An Act for the Coile Si ion of the late Six Bits Tax in the Parish of St. Thomas.

ibid.

An Act for laying an Im on Wines and other fir eng Liquors imported this Island, to raise Money for carrying on the Fortification j for Payment of such Officers as shall be imployed here at the Publick Charge s and for such other Publick. Services as are herein appointed. ibid.

An Art appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island; and appointing the Officers Salaries of the Treasury and Excise on Strong Liquors. ibid.

An Act to discharge the present Guards of the several Forts, Bays, and Batteries within this Island, and to establish a more easy Method for the fame. ccxviii.

An

Pass’d

iyo6i

1707.

1708.

28

INDEX to

Pass’d An Act for holding a Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, General Goal 1708. Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace in this Island. Page ccxviii.

A supplemental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act. 'to ascertain the Payment of such Bills as have beeniflued pursuant to the late A eft of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for

- Persons having Real Estates in this Island. ccxx.

A supplemental Act to the Act, intituled, An Act for Collection of the Six Bits Tax in the Parish of St. Thomas. ibid.

An Act for the Encouragement of such as shall entertain the Gentlemen of the Committee of the Publick Accounts of this Island. ibid.

An Act to raise a Levy on the several Inhabitants of this Island. ccxxi.

An Act to prohibit the Inhabitants of this Island from imploying their Negroes or other Slaves in felling or bartering. ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other flrcng Liquors imported this Island, to raise Nloney for the carrying on the Fortifications j for Payment of such Officers as shall be imployed here at the Publick Charge; and for such other Publick Services as are herein appointed. ccxxiv.

An Act to dock the Entail of Mount Lucy Plantation, and other the Estate in this Island of John Lucy Blackman EJq; and to vest the fame in the said John Lucy Blackman in Fee Simple. ibid.

An Act appointing Agents to transact the Publick Affairs of this Island. ibid.

An Act to secure the peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Ivha-1709‘ bitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them. ibid.

An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appeimbig who shall be deemed Freeholders, and be capable of electing, or being elected Representatives, Vestrymen, or to serve as Jurors to try Real Actions within this If and ccxxxvii.

An Act to render more effectual certain Legacies given and bequeathedby Captain Williams deceased, to the Parish of Christ Church within this If and Pass’d in October, 1709. ccxlv.

An Act to dock the Entail of certain Lands in the Parish of St. Philip, and of several Negro Saves, and to vest the fame in Benjamin Chapman, Planter, in Fee Simple, ibid.

An Act to dock the Entail of certain Lands in the PariJI) of Christ Church in this Island, and of several Negro Slaves; and also of a certain Parcel of Land lying and being in the Town of St. Michael, and to vest the Fee Simple of the said Land and Negroes in Alice Tickle Spinster } and of the Parcel of Land in St, Michael’s Town, in Francis Jemmott, his Heirs, and Assigns, for ever.

ibid.

An Act for giving further Time for Payment of the Levy lately raised on the Inhabitants of this island. ibid.

An Act appointing an Agent, and the Payment of his Salary, for transacting and negotiating the Affairs of this Island in Great Britain. ibid.

An Act for the immediate Support and Subsistence of the several Gunners and Ma-trojfes imployed in the several Fortifications of this Island. ibid.

An

2 9

BARBADOES LAWS.

An Act to enable and impower the [waiving aSting Executor of Johanna Parris Pa^ d Widow deceased, to sell and dispose of certain Lands, Buildings, and Negro 1709» Slaves, devised by the last Will and Testament of the said Johanna Parris, to and for the Uses and Purposes herein mentioned. Page ccxlv.

An Act for laying an Itnposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this Island, to raise Moneys for the carrying on the Fortifications; for Payment of such Officers as are or shall be imployed here at the Publick Charge s and for such other Publick Uses as are herein appointed. ccxlvi.

An Act declaring that the Court of Common Pleas for the Precindi of Christ Church and St. Philip, may be holden on Monday and Tuesday, the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Days of March, One thousand seven hundred and twelve, and so successively from time to time, as the Law directs. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for holding a Court of Grand Sejffions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace in this Island. ibid-

An Act for the Encouragement of Robert Mc Curdey, in his new Projection of raising Water with an Engine Forty Boot high in this Island. ibid.

An Act to raise a Levy on the several Inhabitants of this Island. ibid.

An Act relating to the Spring or Rivulet called The Three Houses Spring in the 1713*

Parish of St. Philip. ibid.

An Act to impower the Vestry of St. JamesV to proportion the Levy laid on the Hole Town, by virtue of an Act bearing Date the nth of June, 1713.

ccxlviiu

An additional Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act to raise a Levy on the several Inhabitants of this Island. ibid.

An Act to ascertain the Dimensions of Boards, Plank Staves, Shingles, and Heading that shall be imported into this Island. ibid.

An Act appointing an Agent, and the Payment of his Salary, for transading and negotiating the Affairs of this Island in Great Britain. ccl.

An additional Ad to an Act, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders, and capable of electing, or being elected Representatives, Vestrymen, or to serve as Jurors to try Real Actions within this Island. ibid.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for holding a Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace in this Island. cell.

An Act to enable Her Majestys ffuflices of the Peace to hold a Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and General Session r of the Peace of this Island. ibid.

An Act appointing an Agent for this Island in Great Britain. cclii.

An Act for the Encouragement of a new Projection for grinding of Sugar Canes, and i

drawing of Water, &c. by means of an Horizontal Wind Mill. ibid.

An Act to enable and impower the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, to pay unto Doctor Patrick Home the Arrears due to him on Account of the French Prisoners during the late War. ccliii.

An Act for the Payment of a Debt due from the Publick to John Sadlier of, the Island of Jamaica Bfq-, ibid.

A An

h

3o

INDEX to

Pars’d

17x4.

1715.

An Act appointing Agents to traufaSt and negotiate the Affairs of this ip. and in Great Britain. Page ccliii.

An Act for the better Security of the federal Forts, Bays, and Batteries of this Island, for appointing the Number of Matroffcs in each Division3 and regulating the Payment of their Salaries. ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Hines and other freng Liquors imported this Island, to raise Money for carrying on the Fortifications for Payment of fitch Officers as are or f jail be imployed here at the Publick Charge; and for fm h other Publick UJesas are herein appointed. cclviii.

An Act for compiling the Laws of this If and ibid.

An Act to present the Exportation of Horses and Asses from this Island. ibid.

An Act to raise d Levy on the several Inhabitants of this If and celix.

An Act for the better Establishment of the everal Fortifications of this If and,

ibid.

An Act impowering Licentiate Lawyers to praSlife as Earrifters in this Jfiand.

cclxiii.

An Act impowering his Excellency Robert Lowther Esq; to appoint Comm iff'oners to make Contrasts for Limber, Iron Work, Utevfils, and other Materials for the immediate Life and Repair oj the Fortifications $ as also to agree with Artificers and Labourers to be imployed in that Service. cclxiv.

An Act for defraying the Expence of the Commissioners appointed for making Contrasts for Timber, Iron Work, Vtenfils, and other Materials, for the Use and Repair of the Fortifications. ' ibid.

An Act impowering the Treasurer of this If and to discharge the Arrears due to Mr. Arthur Zouch, late Clerk of the General Assembly. ibid.

A supplemental ASt to the ASt, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on new Negroes and other Slaves imported this Island. ibid.

An Act impowering the Freeholders of the Par iff of St. Michael, and the Freeholders of the Par iff of St: Peter All Saints, to meet and choose a Vestry for each of the said Tariff es respectively. cclxv.

An Act impowering the Committee of Publick Accounts of this if and, to allow the Sum of One hundred and ninety one Pounds, [even Shillingsf and Six Pence, to the Credit of the Honourable Thomas Maycock Esqj late Treasurer of this Island^ on his accounting for the publick Monies by him received. cclxvi.

An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of James Vaughan Esqh ibid.

An additional ASi to an Act, intituled, An Act to ascertain the Payment of such Bills as have been issued pursuant to a late Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island. ibid.

An Act laying an bnposition or Duty on all Sugarsj Melasses, Rum, Cotton, and

Ginger imported this If and, which are not the natural PruduSf, Growth, and Manufacture of fame of His Mayefly s Colonies. cclxxii.

An Act to dock the Entail limited on a certain Plantation, situate in the Par 'iff of St. Michael, and to enable Thomas Somers Esq-, to Jell the fame, with the Negro Slaves thereunto belonging. cclxxiv.

An Act for the Encouragement of John Perrat Gent, in his new Improvement of Wil d Mills for grhiding Sugar Canes. ibid.

4 An

a

BARBADOES LAWS.

3i

A71 Ad to provide for the Entertainment of the Court of Grand SejfioUSy which is pass\j to be holden on the Second Tilefday in Jude next. Page cclxxiv. 1715.

An Act for giving further Time to collect the late Levy on the several Inhabitants of this Island. ibid.

An Act appointit/g Agents to transid and negotiate the Affairs of this Island in Great Britain. ibid.

An Act to confirm and make more effectual certain Deeds or Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the First and Second Days of March, in the Fear of our Lord One th'o'ufand [even hundred and seven, and made, or mentioned to be made between Robert Lowther of Measurn, in the County of Westmorland Esq-and Joan his Wife, of the one party and the Right Honourable Katherine Vij-countess Lonsdale and James Lowther of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland' Esq; of the other part; and to confirm and make more effectual a certain Indenture, bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fourteen, made, or mentioned to be made, between the Honourable John Frere of the Parish of St. Philip, in the Island of Barbadoes Esq; of the one party and the said Robert Lowther and Joan his Wife, by the Names of his Excellency Robert Lowther, and Joan his Wifey formerly called Joan Carle ton, the ll'idow and Relict of Robert Carleton, late of Carleton, in the County of Cumberland Esq-, of the other part. ibid.

An Act to dock the Entail limited on a certain Plantation, situate in the Parifijes of St. Peter and St. Andrew in this Island, and to enable George Nicholas Esq; and Susanna his IVife, to mortgage or fell the famey with the Negroes thereto belonging. cclxxv.

An Act for collecting fiver al Sums of Money due and in Arrear to the Publick.

ibid.

An Act to dock the Entail limited on a certain Plantation or Parcel of Land in the Parish of St. James, and the Negro Slaves thereunto belongingy and to vest the Fee Simple thereof in William Thorpe Gent. youngest Son of Robert Thorpe, late of this Island Gent, deceased. ibid.

A7i Ad enabling the Reprefintatives of the Parish of Christ Church to fell Six Acres 17x7. and Thirty Perches of Land in the said Parifij, formerly the Land of Philip Trowel deceased. ibid.

An Act to dock the Entails limited on certain Plantations, situate in the Purifies of St. Thomas and St. James in this Island, and to vest the fame in Joseph Gibbes Esq; in Fee. cclxxvii.

A supplemental Ad to the Ad, intituled, An Act laying an Imposition or Duty, on all Sugars, Melasses, Rum, Cotton, and Ginger imported this llland, which are not the Natural Product, Growth, and Manufacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies. ibid.

An Act to prohibit Masters of Ships and other Feffels, from landing Aliens or Foreigners in this Island without a Licence for so doing from the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Islandfor the time being. cclxxix.

An Act for providing a Recompence for Thomas Whaley, Attorney at Law,

Clerk to the Honourable the Commissioners of Contracts for repairing the Fortifications of this Island, for his drawing several Articles and other Writings for the Country's Service; and also for Satisfaction of some Charges and Expences he has laid out for the Service aforesaid. cclxxx.

An Act the better to enable the Committee of Publick Accounts of this Island to settle the Accounts of Richard Downes, late Treasurer of this Island> deceased. ibid.

INDEX to

3*

Pass’d

1717.

An Act to prevent His Majestys Subjects within thir Government from having any Trade or Commerce with, or giving any Protetfion, Encouragement, or Al-fiflance whatsoever, to any of the rebellious Subjects of His most Christian Majesty belonging to the Island of Martinique. Page cclxxxu

An Atf appointing Agents to transaff and negotiate the Affairs of this Island in Great Britain. ibid.

An Act to dock the Entail lijnited on Two certain Messuages or Tenements, and Three Pieces or Parcels of Land in the Town of St. Michael, and on certain JSfegro Slaves, and to vest the Fee Simple thereof in Martha Lenoir, Hffe of John Lenoir, Esq-, and Daughter and Heir of William Cragg, late of the j,aid Town of St. Michael* Merchant, deceased. ibid.

THE

LAW S

i

OF

B A R B A D O E S-

An Act for printing the Laws of the Island of Barbados, Contained in the enfning Volume.

ORASMUCH as nothing more concfuceth to the Well-being, Support, Tranquillity, and Benefit of any Pl^ce and People, than the Preservation of their Laws, and tti&'KHcivfc ledge of themj and daily Experience hiring manifested innumerable Inconvenienties that this Island hath suffered for so many Years part, by not having the Laws of fhplfland (by which they are to be regulated and governed, their Lives preserved, and their Estates secured to them and their Posterity) made publick and open to the ready View of all the Inhabitants; for want of which', many Persons of great Authority in this Government not being acquainted with all the Laws that are kept in Offices, or if. known, not to be had on sudden Occasions; ‘for want of which also. it often happens in the Multitude of Copies, which are taken from the Offices, great , yariations and Aberrations are made by heedless and unskilful Transcribers from die Original Laws, and these Copies, being obtruded .upon Trials', been the Cause of linjuft and illegal Determinations\.^ridfpri^iK]iIs? m our Laws on Record have oftenBeen in great Danger so’have:beenvmofly U>k both by Hurricane and Fire : For Remedy of which, and^ %;ven^ii^:«iNnsf other InconveniencieS for the future, and, ;that.Rich and;Pdor may equalfy.have•. the Advantage of free Recourse to the Laws of the Ifl4nd, as( weUimeInhabi-rants, as all other Persons in Parts remote, .who have;Eflj#ip$ and j^terefts perpending on them, and that the Laws may be collected. into, one entire Volume:

A ‘ Be'

__________The LAWS of BARBAPOES.__________,

Be it enacted by his Excellency the Honourable Ralph Grey Esq; Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the: Caribbee Islands, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That the Body of the Laws collected by William Rawlin Esqj present Clerk of the Assembly, containing the Laws of the said Island (excepting futh as relate tb particular Perfb'hs, being private Acts) be forthwith tratismitted by the said William Rnwlinor his Assigns, into the Kingdom of England, in order to the Printing thereof.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Book of Laws, when printed* as aforesaid, be, and mall be taken, deemed, and held a good lawful Statute Book of the said Island of Barbadoes,- in all Courts, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, as the Statute Book of the Laws of England is deemed, held, and taken in that Kingdom. And that any Impression of the said Laws, which shall or may be made by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, and hither imported, shall be of ho manner of F?5rce or Validity in any Courts, or on any Occasion or Occasions, within the Iflabd aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That aH-and every Person and Persons whatsoever, that shall hither import and expose so Sale any of the aforesaid Statute Books, not printed by the said William Rawlin, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, that he or they shall forfeit for each Book so imported and fold, the Sum of Forty Shillings one Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to the said William Rawlin, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns-; the same to be recovered before any jjustice of the Peace within this Island (as in case of Servants Wages) due Proof being made thereof.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the said William Rawlin, his Executors, or Assigns, within Two Years after the Publication hereof, shall be obliged, and are hereby obliged to cause the said Laws to be printed, and, hithei; transmitted, for, the Use of the Inhabitants of this Bland, he the said William Rawlin, and his Assigns, having the foie Benefit of the Impression and Sale thereof.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said William Rawlin, or any other Clerk of the Assembly for the time being, have hereby full Power and Authority (while Clerk of the Assembly) to print all Laws and Acts for the future, which shall be passed by the Governor, Council, and Assembly.

Raffed the 7th Day of September*; 1698.

jS® i. An Act or Order for the compiling the Laws by Commissioners.

Preamble, \ Tf T H ERE A S by Virtue of an Act of this Island bearing Date the Two and

VV, twentieth Day'of March,. One thousand six hundred sixty and fix. It is declared and enacted, That all such Acts and Statutes, as have been made at anytime heretofore in time of kingly Authority, and stand unrepealed, shall Be of full Force and Virtue t And that also in the said Act it is enacted, That We under written fhpul’d with all Speed collect and compile together all the said A<^S and Statutes, and that then they should be fairly eptred and enrolled in the 'Secretary’s Office,; and after published in the several Parish-Churches in this.Iflfihd, as m and by the said Act expressly and more fully appeared).

M oW1 we the' Peyforis by the said Act appointed, as aforesaid, do certify. That the Yeveral and - particular Acts and Statutes foregoing, and comprehended m One hundred fifty and three Sheets of Paper, are the only Laws and Statutes which we find either originally made and enacted, or revived, collected, edDiw, w.i "amended, and confifmed under the Government of His now Majesty, or of end^henu,eHis Royal Father, or Grandfather, of ever blessed Memories, and which we

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

3

have compiled to be published according to the said Act, as Laws of Publick Concern : And that all the Private Laws ought to be enrolled, and ought to be of Force from their several Dates and Times (Two Acts only excepted, wherein we the said Commissioners cannot determine which of them is valid) both importing Customs on all the Commodities of this Island hence exported, yet only One of them can be in Force. The first of which Acts is intituled, An Mt importing the Customs, SCc. dated the Seventeenth of January, One thousand lix*hundred and fifty; which was made and enacted by Governor, Council, and the Representatives of’ this Island, lawfully impowered by Commission from the Earl of Carlisle, thereto impowered by Letters Patent from the King j and that Act we cannot say is repealed, by reason that the other Act, dated the Twelfth Day of September, in the Year One thousand six hundred sixty and three, importing the Custom of Four and an half per Cent. and intended to repeal the former Act, is not free from Objections and Exceptions of several Persons, who conceive the Assembly, which consented to that said last Act, was an Assembly not legally continued at the time of making^he said Act.

We have therefore thought fit to make this Return unto his Excellency, Council, and the Representatives now assembled, to the end a Determination therein may be made, as to their Judgments shall seem meet. Dated the 18th of July, 1667.

Conjiant Sylvester, John Jennings, Richard Evans, Edmond Bowden.

Philip BeU, Robert Hooper, Simon Lambert.

These ensuing A<$ts to follow, were collected by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the former Order, from the Books in the Office, and other £uch Books deemed to he faithfully collected, the Original Rolls being loft either in the Hurricane or Fire.

An Act for Officers putting in Security. 13° 2.

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of this Island are truly sensible of the great Pre3mWe> and many Inconveniencies which may redound unto them by reason of the Provost Marshal and other Officers Neglectc and Carelessness in the due Execution of his and their Offices, and Performance of Business incident thereunto, in regard that formerly there hath not been sufficient Security given to make good such Damages as the said Inhabitants do or shall sustain by them, or their Substitutes : For Remedy whereof for the present, and Prevention of the like Inconveniency for the future. It is hereby enacted, published, and declared, Cfaufci. That no Treasurer or Marshal, either Provost, or particular Marshal of any Mar-Court, be admitted or held capable to execute the Office of Treasurer or Mar- i^l".^ive shal within this Island, without having first put in Security, such as against which no Exception can be taken, to the Secretary for the time being, payable to the Governor and his Successors, for his honest and just Demeanor in executing the said Office. 1548.

An

4

i

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

3* An Act appointing Security to he given by the Clerks, See. of the several Courts within this Island.

IT is hereby enacted, published, and declared, That no Person or Persons shall hereafter be employed or received into the Office of a Clerk in any of an Oath°forke several Courts in this Island, until they have taken an Oath before the Go-due perform- vernor for the time being, for their honest, true, faithful, and careful Perform-Offic«.thdc ance of their several Duty or Duties respectively incident to their several Places or Offices in the said Courts , and that they shall true Entry make of all such Actions, Orders, Records, or other Matters, as they, or any of them, shall be Not to a comrnanded to enter by the Judge or Assistants of the said several Court or defacedraZ* 01 Courts : And that they shall not raze, deface, or intbezil any Action, Order or Record in any the said Courts, or alter any the fame, either by Addition or Diminution of Words, without Advice, Direction, Assent, or Consent of the Judge of the Court or Courts aforesaid: And that they shall well and safely keep all such Records and other Writings whatsoever, which shall be committed to their Custody or Trust, either by the said Judge, Justice, or Assistants in any of the ut° toVma!«u Courts : And further, until the said Clerk or Clerks have given Security to good ail iJeo- the Judge of the Court, such as is without Exception, to Satisfy any Party that pies Damage. injured by his dishonest Behaviour, if any be, such Damage as he shall

thereby Suffer.

mittedto0adPd,r* Provided always, That this Act extend not to the privileging of any Judge, ^ter.^e, ere. Justice of the Peace, or other Person whatsoever, to add or alter, raze out, ec<>1 s* imbezil, or diminish any Record or Records, which shall be kept in any of the Courts of this Island, upon Penalty of the Laws of England in that case made and provided. Dated the 13 th of March, 1648.

An Act giving Power to Churchwardens to make Sale of Lands, See. and concerning Surplus of Land within Old Bounds, See.

[Preamble.]

Clause 1.

None to in-croach upon old Bounds, buefeek Remedy from him he last bought of, if they want Clause 1L Any Person may survey, the Surveyor taking one Pound of Cotton per Acre.

[Preamble.]

Clause 111-

WHEREAS divers of the Inhabitants of this Island do find themselves grieved for want of the Proportion of Land formerly fold them, the Proportion fold being not contained within their Old Bounds, which may in the future beget a great Inconveniency, if in case upon Survey they shall intrench each upon other for the completing of the Proportion of Land so wanting : For Remedy whereof in the future, it is hereby enacted, published, and declared, That no Person or Persons inhabiting on the said Island, shall hereafter incroach or intrench in or upon any Plantation or Plantations, within any Parts of the Old Bounds thereof, but are to expect his or their Satisfaction for their Land so wanting, fr,om the Person or Persons that last made Sale thereof respectively, according to their Bill of Sale.

And it is-hereby enacted, published, and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons inhabiting in this Island, to use and employ any sworn Surveyor^, to lay out any Plantation or Land for any of the Inhabitants of the said Island, so often as they shall have occasion, the said Surveyor not taking for the Survey above one Pound of Cotton for every Acre so by him surveyed.

And forasmuch as it is taken into serious Consideration, That the Levies made by the Vestries of this Ifiarid for Church Dues, cannot be fully exacted and satisfied, unless the Churchwardens may have Power to attach the Land, where other Satisfaction cannot be found, and sell the same; it is therefore hereby enacted, published, and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and C for

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 5

for all and every Person or Persons, that are or shall be Churchwardens of anychurch Dua-I the Parish.es of this Island, and they shall from henceforth have Power granted in ctiurchwar-" their Attachment for attaching and appraising of any the Lands and Housing of any the Person or Persons that do or shall Hand indebted upon any of their^dsfor^ Parish Levies. And in case the said Persons shall not satisfy the said Levies and Arrears in some merchantable Commodities, then the said Churchwardens shall and may make Sale of any such Lands and Housing : And: the fame Sale shall Land good and effectual against the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of the Person or Persons for whose Dues the fame was so attached.

Provided, That in case the Party shall desire to redeem his. Land, .by satis- clause iv. lying the Levies and Arrears in merchantable Commodities, then upon TenderLand may be of such Satisfaction by the Person or Persons, by the last Day of June next after

such Attachment and Appraisement, the fame Attachment, Appraisement, and1 ayrneiltl Sale, shall from thenceforth be frustrate and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. And all such Appraisements to be made by Four able and sufficient Men; and the Sales to be made by the Approbation of the Court of the Pre-cinfts where the Land lieth.

And whereas the common Complaints of many the Inhabitants of this Island, clause v. That Surveyors do usually lay Warrants on their Lands to take away a small Surplus of Lands thereunto belonging or adjoyning, whereby oftentimes it hath happened, that by Means thereof the Provision of many People have been run out, to their great Detriment and Damage, have been taken into Considera-. tion : For prevention of which Mischief for the time to come, it is hereby enacted, published, and declared, That whatsoever Person or Persons within this'Aiiowance of Island doth or shall enjoy Twelve Acres of Ground above One hundred, with-HuniS/arid in their reputed Lines, and no more, and so proportionably for any- greater or lesser Quantity, shall enjoy the fame without Molestation, or being taken from0verPlus-him by Warrant.

And that no Surveyor shall presume to come to the Plantation, or Lands pfNoc^eev^ any the Inhabitants of this Island, with an Intent to run out the fame, without ro rurvev^i^i-the Governor’s particular Warrant to that Purpoi'e first had and obtained, and no^r 'v,?r°ranri first acquainting the Owners of such Land therewith, upon Penalty of forfeit-' ing Ten thousand Pounds of Tobacco, and Imprisonment during the Govern- Kkco.° ‘ ‘ °" or’s Pleasure, and made uncapable of executing the Office of a Surveyor for the time to come.

And it is further enacted, That no Surveyor flhall directly or indirectly make enure vu. any Bargain or Contract for any Warrant to or with any the Inhabitants of this maSoBar-Island, for his own Benefit, upon the Penalty aforesaid. Dated the ,13 th offainj° fu.,vey

hj, 1 , n is. 1 ' for his private

March} 1648. Interest.

An Act for the Transcription and safe Keeping of the Re- 5-cords.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Assembly having taken into mature and deliberate Consideration the unsafe keeping the Records of this Island, of which they have received several Complaints from the Country, being a Business of much Importance and Concernment to the Inhabitants thereof} it is enacted, publish- Qause r, ed, and declared, That the Secretary for the time being shall forthwith draw an exact Lift of the several Books of this Island, to the intent the said Records be transcribed with all convenient Speed, and kept by some able Man to be no- Persons minated for the better Preservation thereof j who hereby shall have Rower to "ee^theVe-cause the same to be transcribed, and kept, as aforesaid : And Wha,t Records coSk e shall hereafter be made, shall be sent to the said Chief Officer, by the Secreta-The Secretary ry from time to time, for the Intent aforesaid. Dated the 13th of March, 1648. ‘"r^ntdh^leR!>

An

6

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

JR® 6’ An Act for Weights, Numbersy and Measures.

[Preamble.]

t jITHERE AS the Inhabitants of this Island have been much abusedby false Weights, Measures, and Numbers, contrary to their Liberty, and the laudable Customs of the Commonwealth of England.: For Prevention where-i. of for the future. Be it enacted and ordained by the Governor and Council, and with the Consent of the Gentlemen of the Assembly, That all Traders to this Island, and Storehouse keepers, and others, do hereby take notice, that Six uaStefoM* Months after Publication hereof, all their Commodities and Merchandizes shall ^ording to be sold according to the Weights, Measures, and Gauges of Cask used and ac-MwofreT customed in the Commonwealth of England (that is to lay) according to TFtnchester Measure, and according to the Gauges of Cask, and Weights, and Numbers used in the City of London, and by no greater or letter ,• and what is bought there at Onie hundred and twenty to the Hundred, shall be so fold here. Forfeiture; And whosoever shall directly or indirectly barter, vend, or put off any Commodities by any other Weights, Measures, Gauges, or Numbers, shall forfeit double the Value of the said Commodities so put of£ and the Contract made therein, shall be void in Law, and irrecoverable in any Court within this Island. The Forfeitures said Forfeitures to be recovered in any Court of Record by Action of Debt, the covered!* "* Half to the publick Use, the other Half to the Informer.

aTabieof And for the better Observation hereof, a Table of the true, *md exact weights and Weights, Measures, and Numbers used in the Commonwealth of England, as tnSeSecret^afore expressed, shall be hanged up in the Secretary’s Office, where all, whom ry*s office, it may concern, may repair, and have a View of the fame. Dated the 21st of December, 1652.

jI3© 7. An Act to prevent Frequenting of Taverns and' Alehouses by Seamen.

W

WHEREAS it hath been taken into Confederation the great frequenting of Taverns and Alehouses by the several Seamen arriving to this Island, and th? great Negleds by them committed in the Service of their respective Matters and Employers, whereby the Affairs of the several Ships are much hin-dred and prejudiced, and great Damage futtained, besides the unnecessary Expences of several the said Seamen in many the said Taverns and Alehouses; and by reason of the Readiness of several loose People to trust them, which oftentimes the skid Matters are forced to pay or satisfy, or else their Ships cannot fail;, and their Voyage hindred and loft : For Prevention whereof for the future, It is ordained and enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, Seamen^on" That whatsoever Seaman shall be found on Shore after Eight of the Clock ac clock* nilhJ Night, and shall not shew a Certificate for his so being on Shore from the Ma-without a cer- fter or Owner whom he serves, or cannot give a good Account thereof, shall fmiwcw he apprehended by the next Constable or Officer, and conveyed to the Com-nwa Gaol, mon Gaol, or let in the Stocks, at the Discretion of the skid Officer, and the

next Morning be brought to the next Justice of the Peace, who, according as in his Discretion he shall see good, shall release him, paying of his Fees. And what Matter of a Family within this Island, that shall be found to receive or entertain such Seamen into their Houses after the time aforesaid, being not licensed thereto, as aforesaid, shall forthwith on such Default forfeit and pay unto the publick Treasury, to the publick Use of this Island, Fifty Pounds of Sugar, the same to be levied by Warrant to the Constable from the said Justice of Peace directed.

Anq

7

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

And it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the Authority «tforesaid3NCkufeii^ That no Matter or Commander of any Ship or Ships shall be liable to pay any toPiy Seamens the Scores or Debts made by their respective Seamen in any Taverns or Alehouses 'cores' in this Island j but that all Persons so trusting any such Seamen for Drink or Wines at any times.; they having not Engagement for the fame from their Matter, shall be incapable of recovering the fame in any Court of Record vvi hin this Island. January ibth, 1652.

An Act concerning Trespass done by Hogs. J13° 8.

IT shall be lawful for any Inhabitant of this Island to kill, or cause to be killed, any Hog or Hogs that shall come into his Provision, Ground, or Canes, Cotton, Ginger, or Tobacco 5 and them so killed to weigh and appraise, and dispose of the fame, as he pleaseth; and if He knoweth the Owner of them, then he is to pay him what they shall be appraised at, deducting the Damage that the said Hog or Hogs have done : For which Purpose, and for the more easy Proceeding therein, and concerning the Trespass, done by Hogs, it is or- vvimEvii-nc* darned and enacted, That the Appraisement of any Two next Freeholders to fhailbe good, the Place where such Trespass shall be done, and sworn to in Court, shall be sufficient Evidence to the Jury to proceed therein; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

And in case the Owner be not known, then he shall naii up the marked t clause ir. Ears of the said Hogs Fourteen Days, in a Publick Place, that the said Ownef£ar*,nSUpthe may be found out;

B u r jf such Damage shall be done by Horses, Cattle, Aflxniecoes, Goats, or clause ill. Sheep j in such case the Party damnified may impound the fame? according fn^"mpjUnd‘ to the Laws of England, until Replevin be made. And the Party damnified How ito Da-may likewise desire the said Two Freeholders appointed, as aforesaid, to view adjudged. e and adjudge the Damage, and set.it under their Hands j which being sworn to in Court, as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Evidence to the Jury, which shall be impanelled for the Tryal of the Action: In which the said Party damnified is to be allowed Two Pound of Sugar per Day for every Head, during the time he lawfully keeps the fame*

An Act declaring tubal Proofs to Bonds, Bills, Procurations,-Letters of Attorney, or other Writings, shall be sufficient in Law.

WHERE AS by reason of the great Distance between this Place and Eng-Premb\e.

land, direct Proof concerning Deeds, Bonds, Writings, or other Specialties for Monies or Goods taken up or engaged for, and towards the Supply and further Settlement of this Island, and of Letters of Attorney, Procurations, or other Powers to prove the fame, cannot be had} and also any Bonds or Specialties hereafter to be taken upon any Consideration whatsoever : Whereby great Mischiefs have redounded to the good People of the Commonwealth of England, and great Obstructions to the Justice of this Island, no express Provision being made therein : For. Remedy whereof. Be it ehaded and clausei. ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That such Deeds and Bonds, or other. Specialties,.all Letters of Attorney, Themaniierof Procurations, or other Powers in Writingj which shall;at any time,' after Publi-proyingfoieign cation Hereof, be produced in any Court of Justice within this Island* attested^5s°r Spe* to have been proved upon Oath, under the CorporatjonSeal of the Lord Mayor of London, or any other Mayor or chief Officer of any ,City or Town-Corporate within the Dominions of the Common-wealth of England, ihafl be taken,-

'deemed.

8

the LAWS of BARBADOES.

deemed, and adjudged as sufficient in Law, as if the Witnesses in them named and subscribed had been personally there, and proved the fume.

Tii^jary and And that such Attestation shall be sufficient Evidence to the Jury to give Ver-judgito accept di<ft thereon, and sufficient Warrant to the Judge to proceed, to all lawful Intents such Proof. anc[ purposes whatsoever j any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]Provided nevertheless, and it is the true-Intent and Meaning of tills Act, That to prevent all Deceits that may happen therein, no Execution shall be granted upon any Judgment had upon the Testimonies- so certified, as aforesaid, until the Plaintiff (if the Defendant so require) have first given good Security, in double the Sum recovered, unto the Judge of the Court where such Recovery was had, that the Debt recovered was a just and real Debt, and that the whole, nor any Part of what he demands, was ever Satisfied unto the Creditor, or any other by his Order, for his Use or that what he demands upon the Efpeciality upon which he sues, was ever satisfied by any, in whole or in ?ive twJycms Part* And that the Debtor have Two Years time to disprove the said Debt, or to disprove. any Part of it, and therein have the fame Advantages of Proofs, as the Creditor is allowed by this Act. And also he shall have Power to bring before the said Mayor, or other Chief Officer, any Collateral Proof, as by Verbal Testimonies, although he have no Specialty or Acquittance : Also Bills of Loading, or other circumstantial Proof; which being certified to have been testified upon Oath, as aforesaid, shall be held sufficient for Disproof of the said Debt, or any Part of it. And if in that time it be not, nor any Part of it, disproved, that then the said Security shall be void, and the Bonds or Bills taken thereon, be The Plaintiff delivered up and cancelled. But if the whole Demand, or any Part of it, .be diipruvedfVnd in that time disproved, the Plaintiff shall pay what is so disproved to the Defend-treble Damage*. ant with treble Damages, which by the Defendant shall be proved to a Jury that hath suffered thereby.

[Proviso.]Provided also, That no Creditor shall take Benefit of this Law, but such an one as hath first taken his Oath before the said Mayor or chief Officer, that shall make the said Certificate, that neither the whole Demand, nor any Part thereof^ is satisfied. But if the said Creditor claim the Debt, as Executor or Administrator, then he shall only swear, that to his Knowledge, neither the whole, nor any Part of the said Debt, is fktisfied.

3,30 IO* An Act for the beeping clear the Wharfs or Landing-Places at the Indian Bridge> and cn Speght’x Bay, alias Little-Bristol.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many Merchants, Storehouse-keepers, and other Persons, who having Goods, Merchandizes, and other Commodities imported to this Island, after the Landing thereof, care nor, in any reasonable time, to remove and take away the fame; so that the Wharfs or Landing Places are greatly stopped, and as it were quite blocked up, to the great Obstruction. of Passage, Shipping, and Landing of Qoods^jwbich otherwise would be sufficient for the fame : For the prevention whereof fbtafchb futurej and, more free. Dispatch of maritime Affairs, conducing both to tuet.Gqmmodity 'of, as; well the ' . , Inhabitants of this Plaice, as the Merchints' here and hither trading, It; is en-

ue acted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Affemibly, and by the Authority of the same, Thatwhere any Goods, Mefcbandizss^qr other Commodities whatsoever, shall .bie found t-0 lie, be,'-or remain on any publick Whaffe or Landing Maces, at the Indian Bridge ToZpn, xtr Speght's; Buy> alias Little Bristol, tvkz and' above the Sp&teLOf Gne'whaie 'Week, the-<Dwner of such 'Commodities^ fb lying5 and beingi^asiaforesaidj/shall forfeit, for wiurf*. every Day they shall' fb *He, above the-: Spice i of a Week, as aforesaid. Five

c hundred

9

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

hundred Pounds of Sugar; the same to be levied, upon due Proof, upon Oath of any One or more Witnesses, before any Two Justices of the Peace, by Warrant of Distrefe under their Hands, directed to the next Constable; the one half to be to the Informer, the other half to the publick Treasury of this Island; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

January the <jth, 1654.

An Act prohibiting Persons from beeping a common Alehouse or

TipJing House, felling any "Liquors, or this Country Spirits, Repealed. to drink in their Houses or Plantations, without Licence. 1655.

An Act that the bringing Writs of Errors, and other equitable H2° *2.

• s Matters, before the Governor and Council, to be by them \determined, be and do continue in Force, according to the ancient Customs of this Island.

\ .

WHEREAS for she speedy and due Administration of Justice, and preamble.

Right to all, it hath anciently been the Custom and common Practices within this Island, for the Governor and Council to hear and determine all Writs of Errors, Petitions of Grievances, and dll other equitable Matters whatsoever, which have come and been prfefented before them, either at their private Meeting, as Governor and Council^ or as they held and set in General Sessions. And whereas also the lame Custoni and Practice hath continued from the Settlement of this Island, and being exhrcifed by the Governor and Council successively, as adjudged by the representative Body of this Island, to " be the best and most expedient Means of administrlrig equal Right to the People; it is therefore the desire of the Gentlemen of the Assembly, to the Governor and Council, That it may be enacted and ordained, and be it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, That the said Custom and Usage of hearing and determining all Writs of Errol*, Petitions of Equitable causes, and other such like Matters, by and before the Governor and Council, do continue and be in Force, according to the ancient Custom and Practice within this Island; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding. Dated the 15 th Day of January, 1655.

An Act concerning Vefiries.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it hath been taken into serious Consideration, how bur-

thenfome, grievous, and intolerable it is to the Inhabitants of this Island, to pay the Assessments and Levies which have been made, laid, and imposed upon them by the several Vestries of the Parishes of this Island, by a Power granted them by a former Statute, whereby many one’s Estates have been ex-haufted and taken from them, to make Payment of the said Assessments and Levies : Which to prevent for the future, and to reduce such their Power to a limited and known lawful way of assessing and levying. It is hereby enacted, ciauft l published, and declared, That no Assessment or Levy whatsoever, either upon Land, or by the Head, which shall be made by any Vestry of this Iijand, shall be of Force or Validity against any Person or Persons charged ibr Payment of the fame, until such Assessment and Levy shall have received a Con- AiTeflmeoa to firmation by the Governor and Council, either for Approbation thereof, otherwise determining of the fame, as to them shall leem just and reasonable ;tn4C9uwii, any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding; which said Assessments and Levies the said Vestries are to present to the Governor and Council presently

B - upon

to TheLAWSof BARBADOES.

Clause III. Rates publish-

upon making the same, to receive such Approbation or Determination, that there may be no Stop or Hindrance in collecting the same.

Clause

IL. And it is hereby further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Freeholders of every Parish within this Island, shall repair to their respective Parish Churches every Year successively, on the Second Monday in to*bertieAn0ns January* and there, by their free Voices, choose Sixteen Persons to be the maiVeftries. Vestry-men of their Parish for the Year ensuing j which said Vestry-men so elected, or the major part of them, have hereby Power to manage all Business of the said Parish, to set Rates for defraying their Parish Charges, and to discharge and perform such other Duties in behalf of their said Parish, as doth belong to their Office and the Trust reposed in them.

And the said Rates fb made by them, being published Three Sundays in ed j sun^j'in the Parish Church, and no Exception taken to it, shall be approved of, and the Churcfi. confirmed by the Governor and Council, and Attachment under the Governor’s Hand, granted for the levying and railing the fame. But in case Exctp* tion be taken to the said Rates, the Party grieved shall be heard, and his 'J'ax examined, concluded, and determined by the Governor and Council before the Confirmation thereof pailes, as aforesaid.

And whereas great Complaint hath been made of the NegleCk of the Several Persons chosen For Vestry-men to convene and meet at their appointed Times to manage and carry on their Parish Affairs $ For better Proceed therein for the Clauseiv. future. It is enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, more and by the Authority of the same, That any One or more Justices of the Peace raouCV(SiyU.m'in any the Parishes within this Island, have hereby Power (as Occasion shall men* require) to summon, and convene at the Parish Churches the respective Vestry-men, Churchwardens, and others of their Parish Officers, to debate and con-fult about the Parish and Church Concernments; and whatsoever Vestry-man, Churchwarden, or other Officer, so required to appear (such Notice being given at his House) shall fail to convene and meet accordingly (such Excuse being not given or sent, as the said Justice shall approve and allow of) shall rfforfeit Five hundred Pounds of Mufco'vadoe Sugar, to be levied by Warrant sugar forfeit of Distress from the said Justice or Justices, to the next Constable, and be em-[jeaiaiKe.ap* ployed to the Use of the Poor of such Parish, for the defraying other Parish Duties or Charges, the Constable to be allowed Ten per Cent, for his Distress; and in case of Refu&l, to be committed to the Common Gaol, until he shall perform the same.

[Preamble.]

30® 14*

[Preamble.]

An Act for limiting, the Assembly1 s Continuance.

WHEREAS by fad Experience we have found. That the long Setting of Representatives hath been the Occasion of many Factions and Divisions, and of great Distraction in the whole Nation, and the People that chose them, though they be never so much unsatisfied or displeased with their Actions, cannot, by reason of their unlimited Election, put a seasonable End to the Power which they have given them: For Prevention therefore of the Evils which such a Custom may pofltbly bring on the Inhabitants of this Island, Be it or-NoAfl&nMy dained and enacted by the Governor* Council, and Assembly, and by Autho-Yea£ rity of the fame. That this present Assembly, nor any future Assembly to be held within tins Island, shall be and continue any longer than for One whole Year front their time of first: Meeting as an Assembly, fully to be complete and’ended. And the Ele#ions now lately, and which hereafter shall be made of Freeholders to let in the Assembly, shall (though the fame be not exprelFd) be held, deemed, and adjudged to be an Election, to continue of Force no longer than for and; during the Term of One Year, and to be reckoned from the time of their first Meeting, as aforesaid j any former Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. August the 6th, 1660.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

ii

' An Act or Order for the Publication and Execution of the ABs concerning the Uniformity of Common Prayer.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers opinionated and self-conceited Persons have declared.

anabfolute Dislike to the Government of the Church of England, as well by their Aversion and utter Neglect, or Refusal of the Prayers, Sermons, and Administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ordinances thereof, used. in their several Parish Churches, as by.holding Conventicles in private Houses and other Places, scandaiizing Ministers, and endeavouring to seduce others to their erroneous. Opinions, upon Pretence of an Alteration of Church-Government in England : All which their Misdeameanors have begotten many Distniddons, a great Reproach and Disparagement to the Church and Ministry, and Disturbance of the Government of this Island : For Suppression of which their disorderly Courses, It is hereby ordered, published, and declared, and Clause '* all Persons whatsoever inhabiting or resident, or which shall inhabit or re-A'l People to lide in this Island, are, in His Majesty's Name;, strictly hereby charged and lienee to Se*" commanded. That they, and every of them, from henceforth give due Obe- chuTch off dience, and conform themselves unto the Government and Discipline of the B^Und. Church of England, as the fame hath been established by several Adfs of ParT liament, and especially those which are at large expressed in the-Fronts of mod EngliJIo Bibles. Which Acts of Parliament the Ministers of every Church and Chapel in this Island are hereby required to read publickly and distinctly in their several Parish Churches and Chapels; that thereby all .Persons may know what is their Duty in this behalf^ and the Penalty they incur by their Contempt and Neglect thereof 5 which all that appear faulty in, must expect to have strict-ly put in Execution against them.

And all Justices of the Peace, Ministers, Churchwardens, and other His Majesty's Officers of this Island, that may give Furtherance to the Execution of the aforesaid Acts, are hereby required, in His Majesty's Name, to do their Endeavour therein to the utmost or their Powers, as they tender their several Duties to Almighty God, and their Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord the King, and the due Execution of their several Places and Offices where to they . are called.

An Act concerning Morning and Evening Prayer In Families. iC

TH AT Almighty God may be served and glorified; and that he give a*?rean,Ue* Blessing to our Labours, It is hereby enacted, That all Matters and Over- clause r. seers of Families, have Prayers openly said or rfead every Morning and Evening Morning and with his Family, upon Penalty of Forty Pounds of Sugar j the one Half to the ers£to"e raidy* Informer, the other Half to the publick Treasury of this Island. Families.

That all Masters of Families, that live within Two Miles of their Parish- cuufeiL Church or Chapel, shall duly repair thereto, Morning and Evening, on the ah that lire Sabbath, with their Families to hear Divine Service j and they which live £ Praye« above Two Miles from such Church or Chapel, to repair to futh Church oncetwicedaily: a Month at least, under Forfeiture according to the law of England in such ^ln aMte^ case provided. If a Servant make Default of repairing to the Church according at least. to the true Intent of this Act j if the Fault be in his Matter, then his Matter is to pay Ten Pounds of Cotton for every such Default j if the Negfedt be in the Servant, he is to be punished at the Difereuon of the next Justice of the Peace.

That every Minister begin Morning Prayers every Sunday by Nine of the ciauftiu. Clock in the Morning, and preach once that Day at least.

12 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

[Preamble.]

And foraftnuch as little Care hath been observed to be taken by Parents or Matters of Families for the Instruction of tlreir Children or Servants under Years of Discretion in the Fundamentals of the Christian Religion, or the Knowledge of God, and as little Endeavours used therein by any the Ministers of this Island : So that Religion comes thereby to be scandalized, and the Worship of God contemned, and all manner of vices, through the ignorance of Persons attaining Maturity of Years, encouraged and countenanced : And for the better Information therefore of all forts of Persons concerning God and the true Chute iv. Religion, It is ordained and enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the respective Ministers of this Island, IretoMr<achorin ^eir several Parish Churches or Chapels of Ease, on every Sunday in the c^tchfzeTvery Afternoon, do there publickly exercise the Duty of Preaching, or of the cate-Sumiay. chizing and questioning all the Youth, and others that shall come before them, in the Points of the Christian Faith, and endeavour by such Questions to instruct them concerning God, and the Fundamentals of the Christian Religion, and all the Articles of the Christian Faith.

Item, That the Churchwardens of every Parish shall forthwith provide uca strong pair of Stocks to be placed so near the Church or Chapel, as conve-st^nS’r'the niently may be j and the Constables, Churchwardens, and Sidefmen shall, in Church .• some time of Divine Service, every Sunday, walk and search Taverns, Ale-houses, Victualling-houses, or other Houses, where they do suspect lewd and debauched Company to frequent. And if they shall find any drinking, swearing, gaming, or otherwise misdemeaning themselves, that forthwith they apprehend such Persons, and bring them to the Stocks, there to be by them imprisoned the Space of Four Hours, unless every such Offender pay Five Shillings to the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Use of the Poor, cimfe vr. Item^ Whosoever shall swear or curie, whereby the Name of God is Aiainst swear- blasphemed, if a Matter or Freeman, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, »g an cur- pour pouncjs of sugar. if a Servant, Two Pounds of Sugar,- and if the Servant hath not wherewithal, then to be put in the Stocks. Provided this Statute take not away any Matters Power in correcting their Servants for the Offence aforesaid; the said Fines concerning the said Matters and Freemen to be immediately paid and levied, for the Use of the Parish, out of his Estate.

And it is further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Churchwardens of the several and respective Parishes within this Island, be sworn upon the Holy Evangelists of God upon his Election to the said Office, for the Discharge thereof, by the Justices of the Peace for the respective Parishes, in Manner and Form according to the Laws and Constitutions of the Kingdom of England. And that the said Churchwardens, and every of Topresent of- them, do duly make their Presentments at the next Quarter Sessions, by Virtue fcn&ts, of his Oath, to the end that all Persons presented may appear and answer to all such Crimes as shall be objected against him.

Clause V. Churchwardens to provide

Search Ta-veras, &-c.

Clause VII.

Churchwardens to be sworn i

17. An Act appointing a Special Court for the speedy deciding Con-troverJies between Merchant and Merchant, or Mariner and Mariner3 or Merchant and MarinersP about Freight, Damage 3 or other maritime Cafes,

[Preamble,

’‘HERE AS many maritime Cafes and Differences often happen between r Persons trading in and failing to and from this Island, which by reason oT fne Necessity of the sudden Departure of the Persons concerned therein, and of the Witnesses that are to give Testitnony about the lame, cannot stay to be decided in the usual Courts, according to the ordinary Times therein allowed and accustomed; and therefore, if feme more speedy Course of Administration

13

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

of Justice in such Cases be not established, the Pe-rfons injured are forced rather to iofe their Rights than suffer more by their Demurrage here : For Remedy whereof for the future, be it enacted by the President, Council, and Af- Clause i. fembly, and by the Authority of the same, That in all such Cases above recit-

fiuw to be coned, the Governor, President, or Commander in chief for the time being, may flitureJ-and shall, upon the Petition of the Plaintiff, appoint and constitute a Special Court, and by Commission appoint Five Judges, who, or any Three of them, shall be thereby impowered, according to the Laws and Customs of the Kingdom of England and this Island, to hear, try, and finally determine the fame, and therein grant Execution accordingly, wherein no unneceflfaiy Delays shall be cast or allowed. July the 4th, 1661.

Signed, Humphrey Walrond.

An Act establishing the Courts of Common Pleas in this Island, 13° 18, declaring also a Method and Manner of Proceedings both fopJ^oSurr. Judgment and Execution, which are to be observed in the said Courts,

IMPRIMIS, It is enabled and declared by the President and Council, and ChureL the Gentlemen of the Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That, according to the Practice hitherto observed, this Island be distributed into Five Tj?e,IPand di; precincts, Viz. The Parish of Christ Church and St. Philips, to make one Pre-FivePatts, cind; St. MichaeVs, St. Georges, and St. John's, another j Sr, Thomas and St. James, another; S. Peters, All Saints, and St. Lucy's* a Fourth Precinct ,• and St. Andrew's Overkills* and St. Joseph*s, a Fifth Precinct; according as hath been by former Laws established. And that in each of these Precincts be held a.Court of Common Pleas, by One Judge, and Four Assistants, appointed or to be appointed by Commission under the Hand and Seal of His Majesty’s.Commander in chief of this Island for the time being, thereby giving them, or any Three of them, Power to hear and determine all Common Pleas according to the

Laws of "England, and Laws and Customs of this Island : Thefirft of which ift court Courts shall begin to be held and kept at Oijiins, alias Charles Town, the last Monday and Tuesday in every Year, which shall happen to be in the IVlonthof January. The Second Court shall be held and kept on the Wedn.efday, Thurs id^ourt '; day, and Friday next following, at the Town of St. MichaeVs. The third jdCourr.

Court shall be held and kept at the Hole, alias James Town, the Monday ancj.

Tuesday next erifuing. The Fourth Court shall be held and kept at the Town court , of Speght's alias Little Bristol, the Wednesday and TEurfday next entiling. And the last Court shall be held in the said Parish of St. Andress?s, the Friday and Last Court i Saturday following. And so the said respective Courts are to continue their respective Sittings, from Four Weeks to Four Weeks, on the said several '

Days above limited and appointed, until the Twenty sixth Day of September, and then the said Courts are to be adjourned, during the dead time of the Year, until the said last Monday in January next following, and then again to revive and continue according to the Limitation above prescribedi And the chief Judge of each of the said respective Courts hath.hereby Powjer to command the Appearances of the Defendants, as well in Plea real as personal, or 1 mixt, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, r A

Provided, That the Plaintiff have first entred his Declaration f on Record, and that a true Copy thereof^ attested by the Clerk; be annexed untpLhe said Summons, and that the Persons of the Defendants;heierved therewith, o? that86®011' the fame be left at the Defendant’s House, or Place of Ins moffuftial Abode,

Ten Days at lead before the,Sitting of the Court from whence therfeid Summons may issue.

And

c

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

*4

Judgment at the second Court.

J.iyn I flue at the second Court.

And if the Defendant shall fail to appear the second Court, after such Summons duly served, in manner as aforesaid, and upon Oath proved the first Court lo to have been, or appearing, shall not readily joyn Issue on the Matter in Abatement.01 Fact, or plead some good and substantial Matter in Bar of the said Action or Abatement of the Writ, or can shew no sufficient Gause to be allowed by the said Court for such his Defaults, that then,- and in all such Cases, Judgment shall be immediately entred against the Defendant :. But if at the said second Court the Defendant shall appear and joyn Issue on the Matter in Fadfc, or plead such a substantial Matter in Bar or Abatement, as aforesaid (wherein great Caution is to be had by the Court, not to allow of any dilatory Pleas or Demurrers, or frivolous Abatements) then a Day shall be given the said Parties for Tryal of the said Matter in Fact, or determining the said Matter in No Demurrer Law the next enfuiftg Court. And if at that Day the Defendant make Default, Coun.feC°n4 when called, the Evidence of the part of the Plaintiff shall be taken, and Judgment entred thereon, according as to the Courts shall seem just and right. But in case the Plaintiff shall neglect to appear at the said Day, When called, then a Nonsuit to be entred against him. chute 11. And to the Intent Jurors may not too long attend. Be it enacted and de-noTffue^St dared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Jury be summoned and {worn to straeformerm try an l^ue in Fact (except it be by Consent of Parties) but only such Issue as Court, except hath been agreed and joyned in some former Court.

y netlj And to the End that such speedy and full Execution of the said Judgments u e ‘ may be made, as may stand best with the Constitution of this Place, and the ro^eceflities of the People $ Be it further enacted and declared by the Autho-ffiSJRTrity aforesaid, That Fourteen Days after Judgment entred at the Request of the Plaintiff, or his Attorney, the chief Judge of every respective Court, wherein the said Judgment is obtained, shall, under his Hand and Seal, issue a Warrant to the Marshal, or his sufficient Deputy, in the first place, to attach any the Cotton, Tobacco, Ginger, Sugar, or Indico belonging to the Defendant; if none such, then the Servants, Negroes, Cattle, Horses, or other Moveables; if none such, then the Lands, Plantations, or Houses of the Defendant : And lastly, if none such, then to arrest the Person of the Defendant, and him in fife and strict Cu-stody to keep, until he hath satisfied the Plaintiff.

All which said Moveables shall, at the Defendant’s Charge, at the first Market Day, in an Act lately appointing Markets (Saturdays excepted) which shall happen within that Precinct, after Eighty Days after the Attachment laid, be exposed to Sale by the said Marshal, or his sufficient Deputy, between the Hours of Twelve and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and be accordingly sold to the best Chapman, for the ready Species, or kind of Goods, which the Plaintiff recovered in that Action, and the Produce of such Sale immediately deliver to the Plaintiff.

But if it shall so happen, that the Defendant through Wilfulness or Negli-OuSa*8 gence fail to bring the said Moveables to the said Market, then shall the said Marshal or Deputy, in the said Market, give Notice where the said Goods are, and where they lie, and that they are exposed to Sale the next Day at the Place where they lie; which said next Day, between the Hours of Twelve and Four, as aforesaid, the said Marshal or Deputy shall accordingly effect.

D fendantsin And in regard St. Andrew's and St. Joseph's have no Market within their ard'sT4?*Vs^>rec'n<^Ss be in the Election of the Defendant where their Goods at-

nuy order Sale t ached shall be exposed or sold at the Hole Market, £peght'sy or St. Michaels.

And if it shall appear on the Sale, that the Goods attached do not produce fuf-St. Mtcfewfa. ficient to fitisfy the Plaintiff, then the Marshal or Deputy is to proceed to attach further, until he hath sufficient, and the same to expose and fell at the next Market following, in manner aforesaid.

The Buyer, if And incale the Buyer shall be at any time sued.for any Goods or Chattels itefaie tato. which he shall so buy of the Marshal or Deputy aforesaid, in such Actions the

Buyer

issue,

The form of an Execution.

AH Moveables to be sold the first Market-, day after 80 Days.'

Sale between la and 4a Cl'Ckin the Afternoon.

ride Act for

Tie LAWS of BARBADOES.

15

Buyer shall plead the said Sale in Bar, which shall be accepted by the Court as a good Bar in that Action j and of every such Sale the Marshal or Deputy shall ^ne^and1^ make Certificate in Writing under his Hand and Seal, which shall be returnedled in Couri:-and filed in the Office of the Precincts where the Recovery is had.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Per- xhi*"uyM to son, which shall buy any of the said Goods or Chattels for ready Pay (in case w« the Plaintiff will take his Word, which he may if he will, or refuse to do) donSStiffagree, not perform the fame within Five Days alter, or otherwise content the Plaintiff, the Judge of the Court where the said Certificate is filed, is hereby autho- . rized and required to issue Execution against the said Buyer for the Sum, Which o"»for it appears on the said Certificate he contracted to pay, and Twenty per Cent* more, in Proportion for what he hath not paid j for which the said Marshal of Deputy shall attach, expose to Sale, and fell at the next Market, in manner as aforesaid, and the Proceeds thereof to deliver to the said Plaintiff for his Satisfaction.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be inThf^fant the Choice of the Defendant, from whom the said Goods are attached, at his to keep <^d" own Hazard, to keep the fame in his Custody during the said Eighty Days,^,^ and during the said time, by paying the Debt, or otherwise compounding with^Hazari^ his Creditors, to redeem the fame. But if. the Defendant refuse to keep the pealed,AtiiSj, fame, then the Marshal or Deputy is hereby required forthwith to proceed too^dathe-the Sale at the next Market alter such Refusal. And if it. perish before Sale eoP it shall be on the Defendant’s Account, and the Marshal or Deputy to attach wlSS' to refi anew for further Satisfaction for the Plaintiff, and the next Market to expose ^ceh^°^the* to Sale as aforesaid, unless the said Goods have been abused by the said Marshal next Market, or Deputy : And in such case the said Marshal or Deputy is to be responsible ac- fwerfor the cording to the Wrong he hath done, Sufe*'16

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it Hull appear clause vi. to the Judge of the Court, by the Confession of the Party, or the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, that the Defendant hath made away any of the Cattle, Stocky or other Goods, after the fame hath been duly and legally attached, whereby the Plaintiff is disappointed of his full Payment, or any Part thereof, such Person, for such Offence, shall be immediately by the said Judge committed toffilffigfff Prison, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during the space of who makes a-Fourteen Days : And if before the Fourteenth Day he hath not satisfied hisGd^achetl Creditor, or bring forth the said Goods attached, or other Goods to the said Value, he shall, by the Provost Marshal, on a Precept from the chief Judge ofbays°,Utobe the Court where such Fault is committed, be put into the Pillory, and lose both ^Mirfbai his Ears. And the Marshal or Deputy shall attach what other Estate he hath for the Plaintiff’s Satisfaction, and on the next Market Day, in that Precinct, *" expose and sell the same in manner aforesaid.

B ut if it shall happen that the Defendant hath no Personal Estate, or Negroes, thmriw redaI< whereby to satisfy the Plaintiff, then, and in such case, the Marshal or Deputy

shall be authorized to attach the Lease Lands, Freehold, or Land of Inheritance, or Houses belonging to the Defendant.

And in regard the way used in England by Extent upon Lands for the Sa* tisfaction of Creditors may not be fb well practised here, by reason of the tedious and flow Proceedings therein, and the great Disbursements the Plain* tiff mud be at in docking the Lands delivered to him before he can reap Satisfaction : And the Authority here being desirous to give a more speedy and certain Remedy, have enacted and ordained, and be it enacted and oraained by After 80 Oayt the Authority aforesaid, That Eighty Days after the Attachment laid on Lands, as aforesaid (in case the Debts, Damages, and Cods; be riot fully in the mean time paid, or the Plaintiff otherwise satisfied) the chief Judge of the Court whence the said Attachment issued, shall, under his Hand and Seal, direct a Warrant of Appraisement to Seven of the ablest Freeholders of the Parish

Where

i6 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

totti#P^M.w^ete the attac^et^ Land lies (incase the Lands attached be Twenty Acres or Five if under more j but if under Twenty Acres* then to Five of the like Persons) (no man to be excepted but His Majesty's Commander in chief for the time being)

thereby impowering and requiring the said Seven, or any Five of them, or the said Five, or any Three of them, to repair to the said Land attached, and of the same to make a just and conscionable Appraisement upon Oath, and the lame to set down in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, according to the best of their Judgments and Understanding?i

And for the better Method of Proceedings herein, the said chief Judge shall, at the same time, together with the said Warrant of Appraisement, make his Precept to the Marshal or Deputy, to summon the said Persons io nominated by the said Judge, and to attend them to the said Land attached j and then and there to administer to them severally upon the Holy Evangelists this Oath ensuing, viz.

fheApptaifers "\7 O U JbdU swear, That you will a true, justy and confci-o»ttrp j[_ onable Appraisement make of the Lands, Houses, &c. now Jbown unto you, according to the best of your Judgment and Understanding, and neither for Favour nor Affection, Hatred or Malice, vary from the true Value, which in your Judgment you think the same to be really worth.

So help you God, and the Contents of this Book.

Appnifento And the said Judge is hereby required to appoint the most eminent, ablest, S^S»Sc?and Efficient Persons of the said Parish for the Service aforesaid, and to be cau-Enemies. tioUs that they be neither of Kindred, Affinity, or noted Friends, or Enemies to either Party, or that have by any Words or Actions discovered any Partiality towards either of them.

Chuse viil And that there may be no Failure of the Execution of Justice in this behalf^ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Persons, that shall be duly appointed and summoned for the Service. aforesaid (shew-ing no lawful Cause to be approved 'on by the said Judge} shall neglect to make his Appearance at the Time and Place by the said Warrant appointed, or appearing, shall refuse to take the said Oath, or perform the said Service, they x,ooooih. ofsu. shall severally, for every such Offence, forfeit the just Quantity of One thousand Pounds of JMufcovadoe Sugar,- the half to the publick Use, and the other dem»twTducy.half to the Party grieved thereby j the same to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record within this Island.

Chafe ix. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after'such Ap-The Marthai praisement made and returned, the said Marshal, his Deputy, or other Officer riff in Posset duly authorized thereunto, shall put the Plaintilf in quiet and peaceable Poflef-uuVrrrinfmi ^on the said Land: And the said Defendant, if he will, may then give unto may give a Bin him a. Bill of Sale, to have and to hold the feme unto him and his Heirs for Site‘ ever, inSatisfaction of lo much of his Debt as the said Appraisement shall a-mountunto. And the laidMarshalis to attach further, if it be too short, to be disposed of and ordered in the manner aforesaid : But if it shall happeii that the Appraisement be more than the Debt, then so much of the Land to'Be re--- turned to the Defendant, as the Overplus shall amount unto. And in case the Title of the said Land be questionedj the Plaintiff shall vouch the said Defendant; and upon Eviction of the said Land from the said Plaintiff^ the said Plaintiff to be forthwith repaired in Value out of other the Estate of thie Defendant. . :; r

• c And

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

17

And to the Intent all reasonable Means may be allowed to the Defendant for preserving his real Estate, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ^,°1tjnridutch*'I^e That the Plaintiff upon entring into Possession of the said Lands, as aforesaid, mitIvafleSn shall become bound to the Judge of the Precincts in double the Sum of the£°^0sn*ftec Appraisement, that he will not commit, or cause to be committed, any waste upon the said Land during the Space of Twenty Days next ensuing j and that if before the Expiration of the said Twenty Days the Defendant do well and truly pay him his principal Debt, with Damages for Forbearance to the time of his Possession given, and his full Costs and Charges in the Suit expended, such f as the Court will tax, that then on such Payment lie shall and will restore the ?•. Defendant to the Possession of the said Land and Houses, &c. in as full manner $ as the Defendant had it before the said Attachment and Appraisement was had I' and made. But if no such Payment be made within the said Twenty Days, PosseaSifter then the said Marshal or Deputy that gave the Possession aforesaid, or his Sue-I celfors, shall immediately after the find Twenty Days give a Bill of Sale, un-BiUof Sale-: der his Hand and Seal, of the said Land to the said Plaintiff and his Heirs for ever : Which Bill of Sale shall be good and valid to the said Plaintiff and his Heirs agaittft the said Defendant and his Heirs, and all claiming from, by, or under him, them, or any of them.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Defendant do neglect to bring the Sugar, Cotton, Indico, Tobacco, and Ginger (being not the Species recovered or attached) to the Market, at the time by this Act appointed, whereby the Marshal or Deputy is enforced to sell the same, C!aufc xr: at the Place where the said Goods or Commodities lie : In such case the fame, afterSale, shall be carried to the next Market Town at the Charge of the chargeot Car-Defendant. And if lie Will produce no Carriage, the Marshal or Deputy is to t]Vnex°°ds hereby authorized and required to hire Cattle, or other Carriage, for that Pur- Market, pose, and place its reasonable Costs to the Defendant’s Account; and so the Marshal is to do, in case he attach the Species recovered.

And in case any Person shall fraudulently make away any of his Goods or Fraudulent Chattels, Lands, or Tenements, with intent to deceive his Creditors, they shall SSuhSn»by incur such Pains and Penalties, as by the Laws and Statutes of the Kingdom of?™"tesin En£r England are appointed and established.

And to the Intent no Delay of Tryal may happen by the Negligence ofjUro?"fin^for Jurors, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Per-^°g'Appear* Ton returned to be a Juror, shall not appear at the time of Tryal, or after Appearance, shall withdraw himself from the said Service, and can shew no lawful - Cause for such his Default, to be allowed by the Court, every such Person shall forfeit Three hundred Pounds of Sugar to the Publick Use of this Island, and be forthwith, by Order of Court, committed until he pay the same.

And to deter the Inhabitants of this Island from being litigious, and bring-par, ing unnecessary and vexatious Suits, or making causelels Detention of other ty aft.

Mens Rights, that in all Cafes the Court shall auefs and tax good and full Costs, to be paid by the Party cast to the other Party, that appears to be so unjustly molested.

And in case any Person or Persons shall hereafter misbehave themselves infof^eitlktifr open Court, or give unhandsome or provoking Language in the hearing of thedamonon la-Court, the respective Courts are hereby authorized and required to let a Fine upon their Heads according to the Nature of their Offences; provided it exceed not the Quantity of One thousand Pounds of Sugar, and the Offender to stand committed until he pay the same unto the Treasurer for the publick Use.

And for the more Ease of the Defendant, and to prevent tedious Suits in -£^£3^ Chancery, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Re-rayagredoa coveries hereafter to be made on penal Bonds, Bonds for Performance of Co-pen venants, and the like, and upon all Mortgages of Lands, the Court shall admit the Defendant, if he desire it, to appeal to the Equity of the Court $ which Ap-

C " "peal

t8 The LAWS of RARRADOES.

peal the chief Judge, with any Two of his Assistants, shall proceed to hear and determine, according to Equity and good Conscience, at some time to be appointed by the said Judge, between the Setting of the said Courts (due Notice being thereof given by the Defendant to the Plaintiff) and then the same to be determined without Delay.

Provided nevertheless,That Executions on Judgments, grounded on Con-7 6TsVob-fiifdtra(^s ma^e before the Five and twentieth Day of September, One thousand fix and executed hundred fifty and eight, shall be issued and executed according to the Laws as formerly. an(j Customs then in Force, and not otherwise j any thing in this present Act seeming to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Merfto b?sued R ° v 1D E D a^°j That according to the ancient Usage, every Man be sued in the Precinas'in the Precincts wherein he Jives, urtless Two or more living in several Pre-.severa'ic^ra’chifts be prosecuted for one Cause of Action and in such case the Commander vernor’sWm chief for the time being shall issue Summons to them all, and therein appoint ram, living m in what particular Courtthey shall appear and answer.

clnal.Pre" Provided also, That no Executions upon Judgments entred upon a Nihil

TheTht-d^' dicit, shall issue until the next ensuing Court; any thing in this Act mentioned Court, on to the contrary notwithstanding. And if at the Court the Defendant shall make im'thlCou'rr',1 it appear to the Court he was surprized, and that he hath good Matter to plead to^admwed *n Discharge of the said Action, by Payment or otherwise, that the Defendant to plead, and shall be admitted to such his Remedy, the same to try at that Court; but if no then Tryai. such Matter clearly appear to the Court, then Execution to issue immediately, clause xvi. And it is further provided and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That case the Defendant shall wittingly and willingly shew Lands or Goods to the or Goods not_ Marshal, to be attached, that are not bona fide his own Goods and Lands, that double therva-in such case the said Defendant, for such his fraudulent Dealing, shall forfeit lue* double the Value of the said Lands or Goods so deceitfully shown j the Half of

which Forfeiture shall be to the publick Use of this Island, the other half to the Party grieved, that shall sue for the fame by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Court where the Recovery was made.

And daftly. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts here-made void. tofore made, or pretended to be made, concerning the Matters in this Act provided for (except before excepted) shall be from henceforth deemed and adjudged void, and of no Force, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever ,* any thing in them, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding. •ditguft the 20th, 1661.

JI3« 19- An Act concerning written Depositions produced in Courts, and appointing how the Evidence of Jick and lame Persons, and of Per fins intended off this Islandshall he valid and good.

clause i. TJ[ THEREAS it hath been an usual, though no warrantable Custom with-VV in this Island, That the Depositions of several Persons taken in Writing, have been produced and pasted as Evidence in the several Courts of Ju-NoOfpofitt- slice, .when as the Deponents have been resident and in Health within the fowS but of JWflBtjj, whereby several Just causes have fuflfered through the Imperfection and p«fcnsUt o Illegality of the said Testimony, being against the Laws of the Land, and to the ,e$r$jqe Prejudice of the Subjects : For the Reparation of the said Errors, gd, extreme’ and Rreyention of future Inconveniencies, It is, by the Authority now aflfem-$2, The De- bled, e^ft^d, published, and declared, That hereafter no such written Depo- fition be accepted for Evidence, either by Judge or Jury, in any Court of this Island, unless it be manifestly proved, that the Deponent was upon Departure, and departed from the Island before the Tryai of the Controversy, to which V' " MlunQay is produced, or be hundred by extreme Sickness, to appear per-

c. (bnally

ip

The LAWSof BARBADOES.

fonally in Court; and that in such Cases the other Party have Notice when the said Deposition is to be taken, or that both Parties be pi e sent.

And it is enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly,Person"ging and by Authority of the same, That in case any Witnesses in any case of Suit jame, depending between Party and Party, or which may here be tryed, be to go may mike Ds* off this Island, or extreme lick, lame, or otherwise disabled, then the Depo- Pc,itIons‘ lition of such Witness or Witnesses taken by the Governor, or any Judge or Assistant, or Justice of the Peace, in Presence of Plaintiff and Defendant, of some for them, Hull be held, taken, and esteemed sufficient and good Evidence in I, aw, to all Intents whatsoever, and hot otherwise, but by the Prelence of the Party. But if the said Plaintiff or Defendant shall refuse to come, being filmmoned thereunto, and the fame proved on Oath, either by the Party himself, or other Witnesses, then the said Evidence to be taken without them, and to be good sufficient Testimohy to the Jury; any former Law, Usage, or Cu-flora to the contrary notwithstanding* Dated the 25th Day of riugufi, 1663.

Humphrey Walrond.

An Act for the Encouragement of all faithful Ministers 'in the 2Q. Pastoral Charge within this Island : As also for appointing and regulating a convenient Maintenance jor them for the future.

WHEREAS the Excellency of spiritual Ministrations transcend all low and earthly distributions, and those that labour in the Word and Doctrine are worthy of double Honour : That all due Encourageriient may not be wanting to the Ministers of the fame wichin this Island, who have or shall _ undertake a Pastoral Charge; Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Pre- au e ' fident. Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That what-^e11*[1r^r’dt<s soever Arrears of Salaries or Stipends agreed for, or afieft for the Use of each e respective Minister in the Parish, where he executeth his miriiftejrial Function, shall be unpaid after the Five and twentieth Day of March next, upon the Re-quest of such Ministers to the fuprenle Authority here for the time being. Attachment to issue for the levying thereof on the Estates and Goods of such Persons as do owe the fame, that Satisfaction may be made to the said Complainants.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That clauseif. after the Second Monday in January next, a Levy be made and assessed of One susfpnOuze Pound of Sugar per Acre, by the Vestry and Churchwardens of each respective Parish within this Island, on the Land of every Freeholder within their Parishj "r‘ which is by some Person to be entrusted by the Ministers, to be collected and paid into some convenient Storehouse for the Minister’s Use, by his Appointment, by the Five and twentieth of May next following $ and fb to continue the fame Levy successively from-Year to Year.

And whereas Sugar is lately fallen to a very low Value, whereby the Mini- cfaufc m. fters Maintenance is very much impaired : For their better Support^ and" as ari Ld"cHmeL Expedient thereto. Be it enacted and ordained, and it is hereby-ehacte<l ahdwr^"*t"s ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Second Monday in January*fee meet, next, it shall and may be lawful for the Vestry and Churchwardens of each respective Parish, to impose or lay any further Tax upon the Lands of ’ali the Freeholders, and likewise to tax or assess each1 particular Storehbtife, or other House, not having Ten Acres of Land, in such Sutns as shall fe'envebual and convenient to the said Vestry and Churchwardens; out of which'Afteff-ment or Levies each respective Parish are hereby authorised to give or allow

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

such additional Supplement towards their respective Ministers, as, with the Pound per Acre, may yield a comfortable Livelihood and Encouragement to every of them, confcionably and carefully to proceed to the faithful and diligent Execution of their Pastoral Charge, due Respects being to be shown to the Merits of each } the which is likewise to be paid to every of them, according to the Day and Place before prefixed.

Regm«'oXe And whereas it hath been, and still is a laudable Constitution and Custom kept in every sof our Native Country, to have in every Parish a true and perfect Register Pan ' kept of all Christenings, Marriages, and Burials, and the Names of all such to be fairly entred into the fame, with the Day and Year annexed, which hath been, and is found to be of much Advantage to Posterity : Be it therefore enacted, published, and ordained, by the President, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That after Publication hereof, as a Duty incumbent on every Minister in his respective Parish within this Island, do keep a true and perfect Register of all and singular the Christenings, Marriages, and Burials within the respective Parishes (the Churchwardens of every Parish to provide a large Book, fit for the keeping the said Register) and enter both christian and sirname of each, with the Day and Year expressed, and a Certificate of the fame into the Secretary’s Office, in the Month of March yearly, Pwinu^of’su*t*iere to remain on Record 5 and for failing thereof by any Minister, he shall gar on the M_i-forfeit and pay a Thousand Pounds of Mufcffvadoe Sugar for every Default; hu Du?y‘ns ,n one Moiety of the said Forfeiture to the Treasurer for the time being, for the Publick Ule, and the other Moiety to such Person and Persons that shall dif- , cover the fame, and make Proof thereof in any Court of Record within this Island, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Island.

Far'mstant^in- And to the Intent there be no Obstruction in the Prosecution of this Act, habitants, tho'Be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, inhabiting in this Island, inlhe church living Two Miles or more from his Parish Church, which shall have any Per-theN2rfel"ons deceasedin their Houses or Plantations, and by reason of Inconveniencies the deceased to that may happen, cannot carry the said Corp or Corps to their Parish Church andcay'J^’ Yards, there to be Interred, that so their respective Ministers may enter the Name of the Party or Parties so deceased in his Register ,* the Matter or PoP-felTor of the House or Plantation where the Person deceased, and was not carried to the Church Yard, as aforesaid, shall give the Minister of the Parish both j christian and sirname of the Party or Parties deceased within One Week, and I pay the Minister Three Pounds of Sugar, or Six Pence for the fame; and for j Default, the same to be proved against him, to pay Five Hundred Pounds of [ Sugar i to be recovered, as aforesaid, to the end a true and perfect Register i may be kept in every Parish. Dated the 27th of September, 1661.]

I

Signed, Humphrey Walrond. j

J13« 21. An Act for the good governing of Servants, and ordering the Bights between Masters and Servants.

PramHc 1 j| WHEREAS much of the Interest and Substance of this Island conlifts in W. the Servants brought to, and disposed of in the lame, and in their Labour during the Term they have to serve, wherein notwithstanding Provision bath been made by many good Laws, yet great and often Damage hath happened to the People of this place, through the Unruliness, Obstinacy, and Re-fraftorme Is of the Servants : And whereas also it much concerns the Peace of this Island, that a continual drift Course should be taken to prevent the bold Extravagancies and Wandring of Servants, .who frequently run from and deferc their Matters Service, making use of all Advantages and Occasions to disturb c the

The LAWS &f BARBADOES.

the publick Peace, and prejudice their Mailers : Wherefore the President,

Council, and Assembly, upon serious and mature Consideration of the Pre-miifes, and for the good regulating and governing of Servants in all things concerning their Mailers and themselves, during the Time they have to serve by Indenture, or otherwise, and as well concerning such Servanrs Wages, have thought fit to enact, ordain, and publishand it is enacted, ordained, and No^’ause l-published by the President, Council, and Afletiibly, and by the Authority *bfbro«gh°hefe the fame. That no Person whatsoever shall presume to bring into this Island £f^y4Years any Children of the English Nation, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, to be sold as Servants, under the Age of Fourteen Years, unless they can produce a good Certificate, or an Indenture* or Writing from the principal Persons of the Pai ifh wherein the said Child last lived, that it is done with their Con-fenr, or with the Cohfent, or at the Request of the Parents of such Child $ the Age of such Child or Servant to be judged by Inspection. And whosoever shall do otherwise, shall, upon Conviction by sufficient Testimony, or the Parties Confession before the President, or the Superior Officer of the Island for the time being, be imprisoned by the said President, or Superior Officer’s Warrant, until he hath given in Security by Recognizance of Two sufficient Free-holders of this Island, in One hundred Pounds Sterling, to the Secretary for the time being, that he will return such Child or Children unto their Parents or Guardians, or such as have or should have the keeping of them; and of his Performance thereof, to bring or fend a Certificate within Twelve Months next ensuing, proved as aforesaid.

And whereas it hath been an ill Custom and Usage of divers Merchants and other Persons coming to this Island, indirectly, and by delusive Means and Practices, to obtain Men and Women oii Board of Ships in England, so cause them to be transported hither, and are here disposed of to serve according to the Custom of the Country, having no Indenture, Covenant, or Contract for the fame i It is therefore hereby further enabled and ordained by ‘the Autho- ^Utife ii. rity aforesaid, That from and after Publication hereof, all Persons so indirectly inf* Servant, sent or broughtover, the Master of them, or Persons to whom they are con- vvuilft their signed, or who are concerned therein, having no Covenant, Indenture, or Contract made in Writing, or other verbal Agreement by him or them to be* proved by the Oath of One or more Witnesses, or by the Servant’s Confession, that such Servant came with his own Content or Knowledge, that all such Persons so brought over,' have hereby Power, and are at Liberty to implead the Persons who brought them, or to whom they are consigned, according to the Laws of England, for their Freedom, and to recover their Damages and Satisfaction for such wrongful and injurious Dealing x Provided, That he or she de^ dare the fame, and make his or her Complaint to some Justice of the Peace within Thirty Days after his or her landing in this Island, unless they be prevented by Sickness, and then within Thirty Days after he or she is able.

And all Servants, whose Time shall expire at any time hereafter, having had The afcemin-no Indenture or Contract, shall receive for their Wages Four hundred Pounds wages.Servants of good Muscovadoe Sugar j and in case of Indenture or Covenant, to be paid according to his Covenant or Indenture, as the antient Usage and Custom of this Island hath been. And whatsoever Servant shall hereafter Come to wa*

Island, and serve their Time therein by Indenture, or otherwise, shall receive,geJ"? 16 as aforesaid (the last Master always to pay the said Wages)

I t is further enacted, ordained, and published by, the Authority aforesaid. clauarelii. That no Freeman or Trader whatsoever presume to buy or fell any Commo-d^withSer* dities whatsoever with any Servant or Slave within this Island, without the Con-'’*" sent of the Master or Owner of such Servant or Slave, upon pain of forfeiting Forfeiture. Treble the Value of the said Goods they trade for to the Master or Owner of such Servant : And all Contracts and Covenants so made by such .Servant or Slave, to be utterly void and of no Effect : And such Trader or Freeman, for

every

22

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Chnfe IV. Against Servants layine violent hands en their Mailers,

ClauseV. Against Ser-

every fitch his Offence, further to forfeit Five hundred Pounds of Sugar, the one half to the Informer, the other half to the Treasurer, for the Publick Use i the same to be recovered by Action in any Court of Record within this Island.

It is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid a That whatsoever Servant or Servants, by Indenture, Custom of the Countiy, or by monthly or yearly Wages, or Day Labourer, shall lay violent Hands upon his or her Mailer, Mistress, or Overseer, or any Person put over them in Authority, to govern them, and being thereof convicted before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of this Island, by the Oath of One or more Witnesses, or by his or her own Confession, shall serve his or her said Mailer or Miff refs One whole Year after his or her Time, by Indenture, Custom, or Bargain, be expired; the same to be ordered upon such Conviction, as is aforesaid, by the said Justice of the Peace, and he to make Record thereof.

I t is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That what-yams purioyn-soever Overseer, Servant, or hired Labourer, or Artificer, by Custom, Cove-ftfts Goodi3 nanr, or Hire, who shall imbezil, purloyn, or wilfully waste, or make away any of his Matter’s or Mistress’s Sugar, Cotton, Ginger, Indico, Tobacco, Hogs, Sheep, Cattle, Fowls, Stock, or other Goods, or Provisions, or Commodities whatsoever, shall, upon Conviction of every such Offence, by One or more Testimonies upon Oath, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace wirh-in this Island, or the Party’s own Confession, be adjudged by the said Justices of the Peace to serve his said Master or Mistress Two Years after the said Time, by Indenture, Custom, or Bargain, is expired, without any Consideration of Wages or Salary to be paid him, and be further liable, in case that time of Servitude will not make full Satisfaction, preamble. And whereas many Women Servants are begotten with Child by Freemen or Servants, in great Prejudice to their Masters or Mistresses whom they serve; cfgIen[ng'wo-*t therefore ordained and enacted by the President, Council, and Afterhbly, men servants and by the Authority of the same, That whosoever shall beget a Woman witirChild. servant with Child, shall, for such Offence, personally serve the Owner of such Servant Three Years, or put one in his Place for the said Time, which is in Recompence for the said Master or Mistress of his and her Loss and Charge in bringing up the Bastard Child, and Damage received by disabling their Woman Servant. But if the said Child be brought up by and at the Costs and Chirges of the Parish, then the reputed Father to serve the said Parish Two Years, anct the Owner of the Woman Servant One, or put One in his Place for the said Time, as aforesaid, or give Security to save harmless the said Parish, and satisfy the said Owner for his said Damage. But in case of the said Child’s Death before the said Three Years be expired, that then the said Person is only to serve the said Owner One Year : But if the said Woman Servant shall happen to die, or become infirm, by reason of her Labour in Child-bed, then the reputed Father shall serve the said Owner during the whole Time the said Woman had to serve when Ihe conceived by him.

A N D the said Woman Servant so offending shall serve her said Master or Mistress Two Years after her Time by Indenture, or otherwise, be expired; the lame to be ordered by the next Justice of the Peace, before whom such Proof thereof shall be made.

And for the better understanding therein, it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Proof or Evidence that is sufficient to prove the reputed Father of a Bastard, by which he is obliged to discharge the Parish, whose.it shall be, or to keep the fame, shall be as authentick to a Jury to cause the Father of a Bastard to make Reparation to the Master or Mistress of such Woman Servant upon whom the lame is begotten, as is before appointed. But if a Servant shall beget a Woman Servant with Child, then

after

Penalty on Women.

ClauseVII.

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 2g

after his Time is expired, he shall serve the Owner of the said Woman Servant double the Time file had to serve at the Time of the Offence committed.

Item, Be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That^'l"^111, if any Man Servant shall marry without his Matter or Mistress’s Consent during marrying du-the time of his Apprenticeship, he shall serve his Matter or Mistress Four Years of'thdrAp-2 after his said time of Apprenticeship is expired. And if any Freeman shall prentic<imip‘ marry the Maid or Woman Servant of any Person within this Island, such Freeman shall forthwith pay unto the Matter or Owner of such Servant, double the Value of what the Maid or Woman Servant is worth; to be recovered by Action of Debt in the Court of the Precincts, where no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed. But if he be a Servant, then, after his Time is expired, he shall serve the Owner of the said Woman Servant double the Time she had to serve at such her time of Marriage. "

Item, It is further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ThatSu^a,^K; when any Difference shall arise between Matter and Servant in and concerning Mailers andn the time of their Servitude, or Term of Years that they are to serve, that all such Timefr/bere. Differences as shall hereafter arise between Matter or Servant, be heard and de- Common'liw termined at Common Law, in the Court of the Precincts wherein such Matter ommon aw‘ or Servant shall then live and abide, as in other Cafes of Right between Party and Party.

And that all Servants who have occasion or ground to commence Suit there- cuufex. in be allowed such reasonable Time for the Performance thereof by their re-Snowed m spective Matters, as to the next Justicd of the Peace in that Precinct shall seem of

requisite and convenient for the feme : But not to be allowed more than Two thd/su'cT ° out of a Family, in behalf of themselves and the rest. And whatsoever Ser- IfTF^miiy^o vant over and above the Number of Two, shall, upon the pretence of ConvbeaUowedat plaint, absent themselves from their Matter’s Service, shall by Order of the°nce* next Justice of the Peace receive Thirteen Lashes, and be returned to his Matter’s Service by a Constable, if the Justice before whom the Complaint is made shall fee Cause.

And whatsoever Servant or Servants shall wilfully and obstinately absent Servants ab-liim orherfelf out of his or her Matter or Mistress’s Plantation or Service, either to serve on Saturday, Sunday, or any other Days or Times, not having Licence Ticket in Writing under his Matter, Mistress, or Overseer’s Hand, for the y fame, upon Conviction thereof by the Oath of One or more Witnesses, or his own Confession, before some One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace within this Island, shall, for every Two Hours Absence, be adjudged and ordered by the said Justice to serve his said Matter or Mistress One whole Day after his Time by Indenture or Custom is expired; so that the feme do not in the whole exceed Three Years j and so in Proportion for a longer or lesser Time for such his Absence.

I t having been formerly a great Complaint, that many Matters, when their Against w Servants grow sick, and unable to perform their daily Labour, will seem to sefv^S!flcfc remit some part of the Time to be cleared of them, or turn them off, to the intent they may not be chargeable to them for their Recovery, whereby many of the said Servants may most miserably perish, or become a Charge to the Parish where they first happen to be laid up : For Prevention whereof for the future, and duly punishing such inhuman Acts in such Persons as shall become guilty of the fame, It is hereby ordained and enacted by the President, Coun- clause xr. cil, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That what Matter, Mi-^fe^inaw. stress, or Governor of Servants, shall hereafter offend herein, or shall not ufej^errsrf ’ and endeavour all lawful Means for Recovery of such; their Servants as shall fKksemnts. happen to be sick or diseased during the time of their Servitude, shall Forfeit Two thousand and two hundred Pounds Of Sugar,* the same to be levied by Warrant of the Justice of the Peace before whom it shall be proved by the Oath of One or more Witnesses, and paid into the Hands of the Overseer of

the

24

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Of Servants wilfully running them-lelvts into Dif-

the Poor of that Parish, and disposed of towards the Maintenance of such Servant (so turned off). and Recovery of his or her Strength j and the said Servant so neglected or turned oft', to be freed from his said Master. But in case such sick Servant shall nor live to the expending of the said whole Sum of Two thousand two hundred Pounds of Sugar, then the Remainder to be disposed of towards the Maintenance of the other Poor of that Parish.

Provided always, That in case any Servant or Servants in this Island shall, ie v n u i trough his or their own wilful Misbehaviour, happen to have any Disease, eafeandHuns, or any broken Bones, Bruises, or other Impediments, whereby they have not only disabled themselves to perform their Labour as they ought to do, but also are a greater Charge for Physick and Chirurgery to their Master or Mistress than formerly j for Satisfaction of such Master or Mistress in every such Case, the said Servant shall serve his or her said Master or Mistress after the Time by Indenture or otherwise is expired, until they have made Satisfaction for the Charges expended on them for their Recovery. And afterwards he or she hath so recovered, shall serve over so much Time as he or she, by any such Means and Accident, were disabled to serve ,• any thing formerly provided to the contrary notwithstanding. ixfferen^eba- And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Diffe-Se^vTnR1 and"’rences as P°*nt Wages between Master and Servant, or Master

Labourers, or Labourer, or Artificer, or School-master, or School-mistress, for their relpe-

anj°Mmrefs)r’ btive Salaries for teaching of Children, shall be beard and determined by the

3*uftic« to the nextJu*ce of the Peace, who is hereby impowered, upon any such Complaint, u Ices‘ to issue out his Warrant, and summon the Parties before him, and to hear, examine, and determine all such Differences as shall come before him, as is

aforesaid, and shall issue Execution thereupon, to be executed by the next

Constable of the Parish, who is hereby required to officiate the lame, and shall for his Pains receive Satisfaction, to the fame Value as Marshals of the Courts of Common Pleas do for levying Execution. And of all such Suits the Justices shall make Record; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

P'rovi ded always. That the said Justices of the Peace respectively, in all such Cases coming before them, do, and have hereby Power to hear likewise and determine any Plea of Complaint, Damage, or Prejudice, as well alledged and proved on the part of the Matters, as on the part of the Servants, Labourer, and Artificer, doing equal Right between them.

And it is hereby declared and published. That the Intent thereof is meant only to reach to Covenant Servants Wages, hired Servants, and hired Labourers, that are hired by the Month, Day, or Year; and to all Artificers, whole whole Debt and Demand exceeds not Four thousand Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar i any thing heretofore declared to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas it is much feared that soir.e Persons within this Island have exercised Violence and great Oppression to and upon their Servants, through which some of them have been murdered and destroyed, and the Authors and causers of such their Destruction have gone clear, undiscovered, and un-punished, by reason.of the sudden Interring of Servants, so destroyed and murdered, as aforesaid : For prevention whereof^ and Discovery of all such Mur-clause xiv. dersand Felonies, as maybe hereafter committed. Be it enacted and declared riaS'setyj^, by the President, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That no Master,. Mistress, Attorney, or chief Overseer of any Family or Plantation within this Island, shall prelume to bury or inter any Christian Servant that shall hereafter happen to die within their respective Plantations out of the *o be viewed: usual burying Place, until the Body of such Servant hath been viewed by the nextjustice of the Peace, or a Constable and Two of the Neighbours of the Parish, wherein the dwelling. House of the said Plantation standeth. Which Neighbours the said Justice or Constable shall make choice, o/, upon Pain of

paying

Vide explanatory Act.

Clause XIII.

Recovery of Servants Wars.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

25

paying Twenty thousand Pounds of Afufcovadoe Sugar for every Servant which shall be so buried before such View, as aforesaid. And if upon such View it shall appear, such Servants came to their Deaths by any Violence, Wounds, or unlawful Means, that then the Viewers of such Servants do forthwith give Notice unto the Coroners, that Proceedings may be had therein according to Law, Coronet's Fee, he receiving for his Fee so much, and no more, than by the Laws of England is provided.

And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That clause xv. every Justice, or Constable and Neighbour, chosen as aforesaid, duly sum-refuteto'come moned by the Owner or Overseer of such Servant to the View of such deadon Summons' Body, as aforesaid, that shall fail to come within Two Hours after such Summons, shall severally and respectively forfeit, for every such their Default, One thousand Pounds of Sugar. All which Forfeitures shall be paid into the pub- Forfeiture, lick Treasury, for the publick Use of this Island, to be recovered by Action of Debt by the said Treasurer, in the Court of that Precinct where the Forfeiture is made.

Provided, That if such Notice be given, as aforesaid, it may be lawful for the Owner of such Servant or Overseer, Six Hours after such Notice given, freely to ^bury such his or their Servant ,• any thing in this Act seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

It is also enacted, ordained, and published by the President, Council, and clause xvl. Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That all Servants under the Age°fn^tv"£h> of Eighteen Years, which are hereafter brought to be aligned over, or disposed out Covenant, of, as Servants in this Island, having made no Contract in England, or else- serve.Time 10 where, shall serve for the Space of seven Years, and no longer : And such as are above Eighteen, shall serve during the Space of Five Years, and no longer j and at the End of their Time shall receive Four hundred Pounds of Mufco-'vadoe Sugar for their Wages : And where Man and Wife are brought over as Servants in one .Ship, they shall be fold and disposed of together, and not fevered.

I r is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all such clause xvii. Persons as shall hereafter sue for their Freedom in respect of their Ages, as is Sh°nbe judged! before mentioned, shall be adjudged by the Jury by Inspection, and Proportionwith indiffe-of Stature, and Confession wThen they first arrived at this Island. Tenc-e‘

Be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That what Clause xvili Servants shall so unjustly trouble his Master or Mistress with Suits in Law, the k^lon byM°’ said Servant shall be, by the Court where he commits the Offence, ordered Waters,

serve his Matter or Mistress so injured, for his unlawful and unjust Vexation eir of them, after the Expiration of the time he hath then to serve, the double Term and Space of that Time he neglected.

And it is hereby further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ^au^xix. That all such Servants as shall be in the Gaol for their own Offences, shall serve beingl^Prison their Matters double so long Time after the Expiration of the Time they offenceL°Wa have to serve by Custom, Indenture, or Contract, as he or they have lain iat Gaol for such their Offences, as aforesaid j and shall further serve his or her* said Matter, after the Rate of One hundred Pounds of Sugar per Month, till he hath satisfied their Fees and other Charges his Matter hath expended for him.

Be it further ordained and enacted by the President, Council, and Aflem- xx. bly, and by the Authority of the same, That whosoever, either Matter of a entertaining1 Family, or Captain or Matter of a Ship, or other, that shall entertain any Man of Servant*-or Woman above One Night, if he doth not know him or her to be free,

shall, for every Day or Night after the first, forfeit One hundred Pounds of Fotfeiture. Sugar: And if he knows him or her to be a Servant to another Man, do notwithstanding wilfully entertain him or her, he shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds of Sugar for every Day or Night j the One half of the said Forfeitures to be to

D ~ the

a6 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

the Master or Owner of the said Servant, and the other half to the publick Use; the lame to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information in any Court of Record of this Island. wafbedaPer* tf any suspected Pet-Ion come within any Plantation at unseasonable

preiielidedand Hours, or being there, shall stay more than a fitting time, it shall be lawful for kept 1a custo- the Matter, his Overseer, or Servants, to apprehend such Person, and keep him in Custody until he may be brought to the next Constable.

And if any Overseer, Freeman, or Labourer, or Servant, shall entertain or hide any Servant belonging to any other Plantation, such Overseer, Freeman, Labourer, or Servant, upon Conviction before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall, for every such Offence, serve the Master or Owner of the Servant or Slave so entertained by him. One whole Year after his Time with his own Master of that Plantation, is expired ,• for which he shall receive no Salary or Allowance, but ordinary Plantation Cloaths, Shoes, Fish, or Flesh for Provision.

Chafe xxi. I t is further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no vans'ridfng" Overseer, hired, or covenant Servant, or Driver of Horses, Cattle, and Carriage, their Mates Beasts, or Carts, Wains, or Waggons, presume, without the Consent and Allow-Horfts. ance c£ Owner of t(je said Horses, working Cattle, or Carriage, Beasts, Carts, Wains, Waggons, to ride them themselves, or to lend them to others to ride on, or load them for others, or for himself, with any other Load than what belongs to the Owner of the said Beasts and Carriages. And whatsoever Overseer, or hired, or covenant Servant, or Driver, shall, after Publication hereof^ do the contrary, shall, upon Conviction thereof by the Oath of One or more Witnesses, or the Party’s own Contelfion, before any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, be adjudged by the said Justice Three Months Service to the Master or Owner for every time that he shall be convicted to have ridden any of his Matter’s Horses, or Beasts, Carts, Wains, or Waggons, or loaden them, or any of them, with other Mens Goods, or his own, or suffered any other to ride, load, or work them, without the Owner’s Consent as is aforesaid $ any former Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

clause xxii. I t is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That what-van^endca- soever Servant by Indenture or Custom shall be found or apprehended in the voerin?inant» a<^ runn,n§ away, upon Board of any Ship, Bark, or Boat upon Departure run'off the ° from this Island, whereby it may justly be presumed that the said Servant in-Mand. tended and prepared to escape and run away unlawfully from the Island, and from his or her Master or Mistress’s Service; or having first unlawfully absented him or herself from his or her said Master or Mistress’s Service, be found by Proof, or other very substaptial and notable Circumstances, endeavouring to get aboard some Ship, Bark, or Boat, to escape and run away unlawfully, as is aforesaid, from this Island, and his Master or Mistress’s Service, such Servant so taken on Board, or fb endeavouring to get on Board, shall, upon Conviction . thereof before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for this Island, be condemned Servant to his laid Master or Mistress for the full Space and Term of Three Years, to be served and performed after his or her first Indenture or Service by Custom shall be expired; and the Justice, before whom such Conviction is made, is hereby required to make Record thereof; any other Act, Statute, or Ordinance heretofore made, or any other Clan fe in this Act contained in any wise notwithstanding; and before the fame Justice the said Servant’s Hair to be lhaved off by Order of the said Justice.

And whereas divers Servants and Slaves have been carried off this Island to other Plantations and Colonies, to the great Damage and Prejudice of many the Inhabitants thereofj and no Remedy is provided for them, in regard the Master of the Ship is only bound in the Office, who perhaps is a mean Man, and perhaps never more comes to this Place again To prevent which for the

future,

27

The LAWS of BARBAtVOES.

future, be it ordained and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Matter MaiSre of ‘ of a Ship or other Vessel shall be permitted to trade or traffick, or to wood or ships 10 give water within this Island, until he hath given in Security by himself, and Two wood-others the Inhabitants of this I flail d, being either fumcient Free-holders, or or watir" resident Merchants, in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling, that he will not directly or indirectly cause or suffer to be carried off this Island in his said Ship, any Servant or Slave belonging to any the Inhabitants of this Island, without the Consent or Knowledge of the Owner. And that he shall search his Ship sufficiently before his Depature, and certify under his Hand to the Secretary for the time being, he hath so done j and that he is thereby well allured that he hath no such Person in his laid Ship. And also, if he have; any Passengers in his said Ship, he shall in the fame Paper certify the Names of them.

And all Constables within this Island are hereby required to apprehend all Chute xxiv. Run-aways that they shall know of by credible Information, and them in safe ap^endt0 Custody convey from Constable to Constable, until they come to the Common Run aways. Gaol, or to their Matter or Mistress.

And whatsoever Constable shall neglect his Duty herein, shall forfeit Two Forfeiture, hundred Pounds of Sugar,- half to the publick use of this Island, and the other half to the Owner of the said Servant, if he sue for the fame in the Pre-cinCts where the Default is committed. In which Action Issue shall be joyned, the Verdict taken, and Judgment therein given the first Court; any further Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

And to the end that no Person may pretend any Ignorance in this Act or Statute, or any Branch, or Clause thereof, it is lastly enacted and ordained by Publication of the Authority aforesaid, That the Minister of every Parish Church within thisthlsA Island, twice every Year (that is to say) the Sunday next before Christmas-day3 and the Sunday next before the Five and twentieth Day of June, shall distinctly read and publish this Act in their respective Parish Churches, upon pain of for- feiting Five hundred Pounds of Sugar for every Neglect of Failing they shall Forfeiture; make therein, to be paid into the Treasury for the publick..\Ufe of this Island, and to be by the Treasurer for the time being, recovered by .Action of Debt or Information in the Court of the Precinct Where such Neglectbr Default is made.

Dated the 27th Day of September^ 1661.

Signed, Humphrey Walrond.

An Act concerning the Conveyance of Estates. JI3° 22.

WHEREAS several old Acts made before the usurped Power took preamble.

Place in our Nation, much concerning the Quiet and peaceable Enjoyment of the Possessions of the Inhabitants of this Island, and the clearing

their Titles to the fame, have been altered, and in some measure impaired, during those Times; and that the true Intent and Meaning of them are by many mistaken or misunderstood : To the intent therefore that the respective Free-holders may be better informed touching the said Laws, and of the Benefit belonging to them thereby. It is. ordained by the President, Council, and clause L Assembly, That the said Acts be forthwith published in their several Parish Churches within this Island, hereby declaring, that the said Acts being'made by and under His Majesty, the only lawful Authority, are ftiU of Force, and have been ever since the time of their first enactitig : Which Laws follow in these Words; (< For that the King’s Writs dp not run here,: whereby Fines Anoidtaw c< and Recoveries cannot be here had and levied as in England, and yet herereftored-is as much and more Use and Need of them j for that few Men conre to this ® Island with any Intention to settle them selves and Posterities, but for1 the most

Da ~ " part

28

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

part to gain or increase their Estates, and then to fell their Lands and return j " which oftentimes cannot well be done, nor with Security to the Purchasers, cc for want of such Fines and Recoveries, without some Act be made to supply A Derfa?" CC t^ie f*101® i Be it therefore enacted by the President, Council, and General ko 'Wkdged cc Assembly of this Island, That a Deed in due Form of Law made, and with-<c i° Three Months after the Date thereof, be acknowledged before the Refi-nfnEstate <^ent Governor for the time being, or before some other of the chief Judges without Livery for the time being, of some one of the Courts of Justice within this Island, or Attornment, cc by the Parties that pass, or grant away, or lease for above the Term of cc Three Years, any Free-hold or Inheritance by such Deed, or by so many of cc them as there shall be Jiving, or by any other Person or Persons lawfully au-cc thorized under Hand and Seal to convey or grant the fame (so that the <e fame be recorded at length in the Secretary’s Office of this Island within the said Three Months) shall be valid, to pass the fame without Livery, At-cc tomment, or any other Act, or Ceremony whatsoever. And that ho Deed cc hereafter, without such Acknowledgment and Enrollment, shall pass any ec Estate of Free-hold or Inheritance, or any Lease above the Number of " Three Years.

clause m. ce Item9 Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mar: How a Feme- tied Woman shall be minded to aliene her Joynture, Dower, or any other her STheVltate.ec Estate of Free-hold or Inheritance within this Island, or any Part thereof, cc whether it be joynt or in severalty, and do make any Writing under her cC Hand and Seal to convey the fame, and come before the Governor or any cc other chief Judge of some of the Courts of Justice within this Island, to ac-whlfthe L'eoice knowledge the fame; then such Governor or Judge shall acquaint her what *s to convey by the fame Writing, and for what Estate, and shall in pri-<c vate demand of her, whether flie be willing to the fame, and whether she doth it freely and voluntarily, and not for Fear, or by reason of any Threats The Acknow- cc or Menaces; and if Ihe then confess she doth it freely and uncompelled by FemeCoveit. cc Fear or otherwise, then shall her Acknowledgment of the said Writing be cc received, and the Day of such Acknowledgment, with the Governor or Judge’s Name, before whom such Acknowledgment was taken, to be en-£C dorfed and subscribed, and thenceforth such Writing shall become valid and ce firm against her, and all that shall claim the Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-te taments therein mentioned, to be granted for or under her, or in Right of cc hers.

A Fine levied C< And also. That a Fine levied in England by a married Woman of her Infref hwfnd ce Joynture, or Title of Dower, or other Free-hold or Inheritance here in this gaii be valid, cc Island, being brought over and entred on Record here,shall be valid, as if the c' cc fame were of Land in England.

clause iv. Item, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and eve-

whewwrito cc ry Person or Persons that now hath, have, or claim to have any Estate above

in i* Months,ce the Term of Three Years, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

evoid. tc bring into the Secretary’s Office, there to be recorded at length, the

cc Deed or Deeds, in case they are not already enrolled, by which he or they

immediately claim or hold the feme, within the Space of One Year next en-

*c suing the Publication hereof or else such Deed or Deeds to be utterly void

C( to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

clause v. of Item, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per-

e^«rs<^"r-cc Ibnoc Persons now in Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

Tiff '*6 " within this Island, have or hath quietly, without lawful Interruption, enjoyed

cc the feme severally or fiicceflively by the Space of Five Years last past, that such Person or Persons now in Possession Hull have good Right and Title to

tc the feme against all Men whatsoever, for and daring the Estate whereof he

" or they, are possessed: Excepting such only as shall prosecute their Title to

‘c thefeme within Two Years afeer the, Publication of this Act; and such mar-

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

29

ried Women, and Persons under the Age of Twenty one Years, and of un-tc found Memory, prosecuting their respective Titles within One Year after their ££ being unmarried, becoming of full Age, and of found Memory.

te Item, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per-^1^;^-st son or Persons to whom any Right or Title to Lands or Tenements shall Land by De»

hereafter descend or come, do not prosecute the fame within Two YearsYears?* K after such Right or Title accrued, that then he and they, and all claiming ec under him and them, shall be for ever barred to recover the fame : Except-ce ing such married Women, Persons under Age of Twenty one Years, and of unfound Memory, as shall prosecute their respective Rights within One *c Year after their being unmarried, becoming of full Age, or of found Me*

*c mory.

" And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the ciaure vir. £C Secretary of this Island that now is, or hereafter shall be, or his DeputiesVle^ir^dla' £C or Clerks, shall, with all Expedition, faithfully, truly, and fairly record all £C such Deeds as, from time to time, shall be brought unto him or them to be c s’

enrolled. And that neither the said Secretary, his Deputy, or Clerk, shall,

£c directly or indirectly, receive for the recording of any one such Deed above £C Fifty Pounds of Tobacco, or the Value thereof in other Goods of this& £c Ifbnd, under the Penalty of the Secretary’s forfeiting a Thousand Pounds founds of To-£C of Tobacco, besides such Damages as the Party injured by his Neglect shall p<Sty cm tak-££ suffer for every Deed that he shall neglect to enroll, as aforesaid j and also,ing more» &e‘ cc That a like Quantity of Tobacco for every Pound of Tobacco that the said ee Secretary, his Deputy, or Clerks, or either or any of them, shall take above £c Fifty Pounds for the said Enrollment; the said Penalties and Forfeiture's to ££ be paid unto the injured Person or Persons, and by him or them to be re-£< covered by Action, or several Actions of Debt, ift any or either of the Courts of Record within this Island, at the Election of the Plaintiff, or feve-<f ral Plaintiffs, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Protection, shall lie, or £C be allowed unto the Defendant.

*c Item, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever ctause viil te shall imbezil, raze, interline, or deface any Record of this Island, and be^iEne,2<!rde-tc thereof lawfully convicted by the Verdict of Twelve lawful Jurors, shallpj®o^ecotds»

£C incur the Pain of Death as in case of Felony. And that such Person or Per-The Party £C Tons, whose Estate such Record so imbezilled, razed, interlined, or defaced, tc shall concern, shall immediately after such Conviction, as aforesaid, have just Efta,e-" Right and Title to seize, enter upon, or recover all the Estate, both real and ££ personal, of such Persons as shall, in due Form of Law, be convicted of such £t imbezilling, razing, interlining, or defacing, as aforesaid.

[Preamble.]

£C Item, W h e r e a s by the Laws of Eftg/dwd married Women (in Re co mpence

<£ and Consideration of the Portions which they bring unto their Husbands)

" by their very Intermarriage have an Inception of Title of being endowed £e after the Decease of their Husbands, as well of all the Lands and Tenements ££ whereof their Husbands were at any time, during the Coverture with them, ce solely and actually possessed and seized, of any Estate in Fee Ample, or Fee-cc Tail general, which was by him aliened unto any other Hands during the £c Coverture, as of those whereof he died actually seized of any such Estate, as £C aforesaid." The reason of which LaW failing here, the Ufoge hath been uncertain. and variable in that case, and no Law hitherto, declared therein:

For the future Settlement whereof be it ordained, publi&ed, and enacted by clauseix. the Governor, Council, and the rest of the Assembly, That, henceforth every ^»^®n|t°t|®|| Woman immediately after the Deceale of Her Husband: (not having a'Joynture LMdswhesfeof made before Coverture here or elsewhere) (Hall have Right of Dower, and SSj^ shall be endowed of One third Part of all the Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-fcizel* taments, whereof her Husband died seized in this Island, according to thd Laws of England, and in like manner as foe fliotild have been, if her Husband had

died

The LAWSof BARBADOES.

30

died seized of any Lands within the Kingdom of England. And that no Woman shall be endowed, or have any Right to be endowed, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within this Island, but such only whereof her Husband died, or shall die actually and solely seized in Fee Simple, or Fee Tail general, as aforesaid, and no other. Dated the 11 th of September, 1649.

Clausex.' And for avoiding of further Disputes about the Title of Land, It is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions concerning Titles of I.and, it shall be a good Plea in Bar of such Actions for the Defendant to alledge. That he and they, whose Estate he hath, have been in quiet and peaceable Possession of the said Lands in Question for and during Non-ciaimjn the Space of Five Years; And this Plea duly entred, shall bar the Plaintiff or hrftFduly00 Demandant, unless he can disprove the fame, or make it appear, that the said emred. Five Years quiet Possession incurred during the time that the said Plaintiff or Demandant-was under the Age of Twenty one Years, a Woman under Coverture, of unfound Memory 5 or that the Defendant or Tenant held the same as his Attorney or Tenant, Servant or Overseer, or by Virtue of some particular Estate for Years, Life, or Entail, which at or before the time of that Action brought was expired. Dated the Twenty seventh of September, 1661.

Humphrey Walrond.

jQo 23, An Act for the better amending, repairing, and keeping clean the common Highways and known broad Paths within this Island, leading to Church and Markets, and for laying out new Ways, and turning old Ways where it shall be needful.

-y, WHEREAS divers good Laws and Statutes have been heretofore made

[Preamble.]

and enacted in this Island, for the amending, repairing, and keeping clean the broad Paths and common Highways within the same, and for making new, and turning old, where it shall be requisite; which notwithstanding through RemifTnels, and want of due Execution, have not wrought the desired Effect : To the intent therefore it may be duly remedied for the future, Clause 1. enacted and ordained by the President, Council, and Assembly, and by

JooftSurve" t^ie Authority of the same, That in every Parish within this Island, the Vestry-ors yearly ofy men of the several and respective Parishes, or as many of them as shall then Free-hoiders. meet) shall, within Ten Days after Publication hereof, and ever after, on the Third Monday in January in every Year, by Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, meet at their Parish Church, and then and there elect and choose Four able and substantial Free-holders to be Surveyors within the same for one whole Year then next ensuing, none to be capable of being so chosen that are not seized at least of Twenty Acres of Free hold in their own Right, or in the Right

The Quarter

of their Wrives, of possessed of Thirty Acres Lease-hold. And where the said miuate/tiie0* Vestries shall fail, the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions for that veitry ailing. Precinct, shall, upon Information thereof, nominate the Surveyors for. such Parish. And every Vestry-man that shall be wanting at the time for Choice of Surveyors above limited, shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds of Sugar for the Use of the Highways, unless he can shew sufficient Cause for such his Absence, to be approved of by such Gentlemen of the Vestries as did appear, or by the major pajft of them.

cause it , Th a x'every Person so elected and appointed Surveyors of the Highways, rworn"n"i<> *as shall undertake the Office, and shall, within Ten Days after such

DayTafte*0 his EIe<ftion, or being appointed, as aforesaid (due Notice thereof being given him) procure himself to be sworn before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within the said Parish, diligently and faithfully to perform and execute

Election.

3*

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

cute the Office of Surveyor of the Highways within the Parish for the Year then next ensuing, and faithfully to account for all such Sugars and Mens Labours, as shall be paid or appointed him by virtue of his said Office j which Oath the said Justices, or any One of them, are hereby required and authorized to administer. And if any such Person so elected shall refuse to accept of his said Office, or to procure himself to be sworn, as aforesaid, that then every Person so failing, shall forfeit for the fame One thousand Pounds of Sugar.

That such Surveyors of the Highways having accepted the Office, and clause m. being sworn, as aforesaid, shall diligently apply themselves to the Duty and Highw^'Lnj Execution of their Office, and shall, within Ten Day's after their respective Oaths ^aKofttieEm* taken, view all the Highways and publick broad Paths where Carts or Car- succeeding riages usually psfs, and all common Bridges belonging to the said Parish, andturse‘ all Watercourles and also all Streets and causeways, and common Nufances in the said Waysand Streets within their respective Parishes j and shall consider what Reparation: and Alterations will be needful, and what new Paths necessary to be made, md what Quantity of Sugar, or Tax of Mens Labours, or of both, will be reaiifite and necessary to be raised within the said Parish, for amending, repairin', and perfecting the fame, upon pain of forfeiting respectively Forfeiture Two hundred Pornds of Sugar.

That the fail Surveyors do, within Six Days after such View, give publicky^iauwv.^ Notice in the Chvrch or Chapel, to the Gentlemen of the Vestry, to meet at a w make a^it-Day appointed, to make an Assessment of Goods or Mens Labours, or of both,^eTrad^afo*’ at their Election, for mending and repairing the said Highways and Streets, for Repairs,arc. making and repairing of causeways and Bridges, as aforesaid, for cleansing of Ditches, and removing of publick Nufances, and laying out new, or altering the old Ways, as aforesaid : At which Meeting the Vestries of the several Parishes are hereby impovered and authorized to assess the Parishioners so many able Labourers, Servatts, or Slaves, or, if need be. Goods, or both Labourers and Goods, as their federal Proportions of Land will admit, and the present Necessity of Repair : Irovided the said Assessment exceed not for each Ten Acres,

One Man for Twj Days, or Ten Pounds of Sugar j and also upon the dead Goods or Stocks ir Trade of any Parishioner, according to the same Proportion, for One hundred Pvunds Sterling Value.

And in case the said Vestries in their respective Parishes, or the major part clause v. of them, shall not meet, or meeting, shall not agree amongst themselves to^0temY^rie9 make such a Rate, Assessment, or Levy, within Two Days after their first ap-uevy, thesur-pointed time of Meeting, that then the Surveyors of the Highways themselves ^yorsIMyd® shall make a Rate in Writing according to the Directions aforesaid j and such Rates as the said 7eftries or Surveyors respectively shall so. make (being confirmed by One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace living in that Parish) shall a judice of stand until Complant of some Irregularity or Inequality therein be made to the con" Justices of the Peace at the Sessions, or any Two of them then present, who, if they fee Cause, nay alter the fame. And if the said Justices fnallfind cause to alter it, then the said Rate, with such Alterations as they shall make, shall stand without any farther Appeal.

And in case wlere common Nufances are in the Highways, or where any clause vi. common Highway; or broad Paths in any Parish are not sixty Foot wide in Highway*?* ° (landing Wood, ard forty Foot at least where the (landing Wood is of one side of the Way, and Twenty four Foot wide at least in open Ground, but are ftreightned by reabn of Inclosuves, either by Hedges, Ditches, Walls, or the like; or where the Hedges are net plashed, trimmed, and kept low, so often as Occasion shall require; and the several Highways kept clean from Trees,

Bullies, Weeds, Slumps, Logs, Boughs, and long Grass, by the several and respective Inhabitant of this Island, within their several Plantations; or where either Physick, Nut, Fences, or other Hedges and inclosures are not kept lopt

32 The LAWSof BARBADDES.

and plalhed, so as the Wind and Sun may have the more Power to dry the raid Highways, that then, and in any of the Cafes before mentioned, the said Surveyors, of any two of them, shall, by Warrant, under their Hands, enjoyn the Occupiets or Tenants of the said Land to see the fame performed.

And in case the said Tenants or Occupiers shall neglect to perform the fame ^eOffender within Ten Days after such Warrant served on them, and be thereof convicted Surveyors then before ahy one Justice of the Peace within that Precinct, by the Oath of Two Wayswiththe Witnesses, or his or their own Confession, that then every such Person shall Money. forthwith be fined by the said Justice the Quantity of One thousand Pounds of Sugar, to be paid to the said Surveyors, or one of them, and by Mittimus of the'"said Justice to stand committed to Gaol until he hath paid ne lame. With which Sugar the said Surveyors who receive the same, shall inmediately hire Labourers to open the said Ways, according to the respective ftimenfions above appointed, and clear and order the fame, as aforesaid $ and the Overplus, if any be, to apply to the mending the other Ways within the said larish.

Chuse vn. And if any the Parishioners rated, as aforesaid, towards the mending of Tax in^seven Highways, as aforesaid, shall fail to pay to the Surveyors of his Highways his Days after De-Proportion of Tax rated on him by the Space of seven Days after publick No-doubi*fays tice and Warning for Payment thereof, that then every such larilhioner failing, shall pay double as much as he is rated at in the Tax. ciaure viil And for the more effectual mending the said Highways publick Bridges, an<* Streets, and for removing publick Nufances out of the ame, and for ma-Lat-ourers af- king and mending causeways, where Occasion shall require, tie Surveyors afore-Toojs’proper, mentioned shall yearly, at such convenient Times as they shall agree upon, summon the Neighbourhood to send to the Place appointed, so many able Labourers, Servants, or Slaves, as they are assessed, with such Tools as the said Surveyors shall direct, and are proper and convenient for the said Work. And Every Default whosoever shall make Default therein, shall forfeit and pay fir every Labourer, *oib. of*suga?. Servant, or Slave so wanting, assessed as aforesaid, for each Da;, Twenty Pounds of Sugar, to be levied by Distress by Warrant under the Hands of the said Surveyors, or any Two of them, who are hereby impowered:o fell the Lid Distress, returning the Overplus, if any be, above the said Penalty and Charges of Prosecution, to the Owners, clause ix. And the said Surveyors, or any Two of them, are hereby further impowered up'some Gra- to dig for, and get Stones, Gravel, Sand, Marl, or any other Material, fit for SimLandtt?"men<^‘no the Highways, in or upon any waste or common Ground within the for repairing ' Parish; or if they cannot there conveniently be had, in cr upon any private Highways. Man’s Pasture, or other Grounds, not under Canes, Cottor, Tobacco, Indico, or Ginger, where it may be had within the Parish, or wihin any other near adjoyning Parish, with convenient Way for fending for, anc bringing the lame at such seasonable times, and for such reasonable Satisfaction and Composition to such private Persons to be made, as the said Surveyors aid Occupiers of such Lands shall agree upon. And in case of Disagreement betvixt them, then for such Satisfaction as any Justice of Peace next adjoyning dial set down and appoint; and such Order as the said Justice shall set down, shal be final to the Parties without further Appeal, ciaure x. And for the more Ease and Conveniency in mending aid repairing the said carts'or5 Wains Highways or Bridges, or removing publick Nufances, the said Surveyors, or to carry ston" any of them, have hereby Power and Authority to imprefi any Wain with fix Gravel, &c. Oxen, or Cart with Five Horses, for Carriage of any the fid Stones, Gravel, Sand, or Marl, or other Materials, as aforesaid, each Cart or-W ain to have Two able Men of the said Owners thereof to go with them; in lieu whereof, and for Recompence of the Party, whose Cart or Wain with Two able Men is so employed, the said Surveyor shall allow and deduct, for eath Day’s Work of such Cart or Wain, the Work or Labour of Twelve Men out of the Assessment of the Owner of the fame. And in case the said Owner’s. Tax will not c amount

33

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

amount to his full Satisfaction, then the Overplus shall be paid him by the Surveyors in Sugar out of the Parish Tax according to the said Valuation.

And whereas it hath been by Experience found, the planting of Prickles by cl4ufe5cl‘ Ur adjoyning to any Highway or broad Path within this Island, is not only inconvenient, but dangerous to His Majesty's good People travelling about their lawful Occasions $ Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That after Publication hereof, none of the Inhabitants of this Island presume to plant or make Fences by any of the Highway Sides of any the said Prickles, commonly known, and commonly called by the Name of Broad Prickle Pair Bullies, or Pimpeloes : And whosoever hath already planted £?n'

fame by any Highway, as aforesaid, shall remove them within Three Months ^med by the after Publication hereof, unless they make Tome Stone Wall, or substantial onp^of Soo Fence, between them and the Highway, upon pain of forfeiting, for every fuch1^'^,^ Offence, Three hundred Pounds of Sugar; and so every Three Months, if not removed*

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Places where chuse x!r. Ditches adjoyning to the common Highways, or serving to lead the Waterstummter? from such Highways, are, or shall be undreft or unfeoured, or where Waters do run into, or stand in any such Highways, to the Annoyance of the PafTen-DirciKS?w gers, the said Surveyors are hereby impowered and required, in all such respective Places, to cause such Ditches to be drest and scoured, and to flop and divert any such Watercourse, and to turn the Water into any adjoyning Ditch, or to make new Ditches in convenient Places through the Grounds adjoyning* for the most convenient conveying away such Waters, as aforesaid*

And whereas in many Places the Highways are very deep, or scarcely paf- clause xm.

..fable, which may with more Ease, and iefs Charge to the Publick, be altered^ndiaylngout than amended; and whereas to some Plantation or Plantations no Highways are new Highway* yet laid out, then, and in such case the Surveyor's shall thereof inform the Two next Justices of the Peace, who are hereby impowered and required to issue out their Warrant to the next Constable, for impanelling a Jury of the Neigh- A jliry of th, bourliood of the said Highways or Plantations, where they are wanting, for-Neighbour- ’ altering the old, and laying out a new Highway, together with a straight Pathhood; leading to the general Way, for such Plantations as want- it, as aforesaid, with most Conveniency, and least Detriment to any private Person that may be , which said Jury are hereby impowered to allot and lay out the fame, according to the Dimensions before expressed. And if any Juror, lawfully summoned, Punishment nf shalbnegledt to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to perform his Duty by this Act requited, unless he shall give a lawful Excuse, to be allowed by the said Two Justices, he shall forfeit, for such his Default, Three hundred Pounds of Sugar, And if any Constable shall not give his lawful Summons to the said jurors, according as he is by Precept under the said Justices Hand directed, without lawful Excuse to be allowed, as aforesaid, he shall forfeit* for such Default, Forfvit goo ib. Three hundred Pounds of Sugar. of Sugar.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That all Sums dr clause xiw Quantities of Sugar, arising by Aueffment, or otherwise, by virtue of this Act, and all Issues to be forfeited by Jurors for, not appearing, to pass upon, any Information or Indictment, for not repairing and keeping clean any Highways* or not removing Defodts or Nufances in any Streets or Highways, and all Fines or Amerciaments to be imposed on any Parish or private Person, for not repair-ingHighways, or not performing their Duty and Dufies in and by this Act re-i.

quired, shall be employed and bellowed by the said, Surveyors of Highways*; in paying Workmens Wages.for doing such Work*: and for such other Employments as; are: hereby appointed to be done and performed, and shall be Aifftnes; For-levfod, by virtue of this Act, by the said i Surveyors of Highways, or Conftar^ttuh^""i bles, or any of them, by Warrant front any, Justice of the Peace within the Pa-te£v>^by rish, who is hereby, upon Conviction of the.Offender by Two Witnesses, orany

E his

34 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

his own Confession, required and impowered to grant the fame by Distress and After 10 Days Sale of the Goods of such Persons offending, as afore laid. And for Default of such Distress, or Non-payment of the said Sugar, by the Space of Ten Days after doublean<*pay Demand thereof made, or left at his House in Writing, under the Hands of the said Surveyors, or Constables, or either of them, tire Party so in Arrear shall be, by Warrant from the said Justice of Peace before whom such Conviction was had, committed to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize till he hath paid double what shall be so in Arrear, or by Fine or other Penalty is charged upon him to pay, together with Charges incurred to the Party prosecuting for such Default, chute xv. A n d if any Suit shall be commenced by any Person against any Constable or constabi"’ Surveyor of the Highways, or against any Person employed by them, or any of «rc. sued ftr them, or authorized by this Act, to do or perform, as by this Act is directed for tws5a,ua»ft, doing or performing, as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Case the Action |"^c0°lb-of shall be laid in the proper Precinct where the Fadl was done, and not elsewhere; pitadthe Ge and the Defendant may plead the general Issue to it, and give the special Mat-and Tgivethe ter in Evidence at the Tryal, that what was done, was done in pursuance of this [nEvidewce^ Act: And if upon Examination it shall appear to be done, then the Jury shall 1 ’ find for the Defendant. And in such case also, if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited,

or discontinue his Action after the Defendant has appeared, the Defendant shall have his full Costs, what, upon Oath, he shall make appear to any Judge before whom such Tryal or Discontinuance is had, he la id. out in Defence of such Suit, and also one thousand Pounds of Sugar more, in regard of this unjust Trouble and Vexation, taxed by the Court against the Plaintiff.

Cfause xvl And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That gWeSwount every Surveyor elected, or hereby appointed, as aforesaid, shall yearly within " the In&tf One Month after the Expiration of the Year wherein he was so Surveyor, make the Year. and yield up to the Vestry of the said Parish, a true and perfect Account in Writing, at some publick Meeting to be appointed by the Vestry, of all the Sugars he hath received or paid out within his Year for or by reason of his said Office, namely, of whom, and what received, and to whom, and what paid; and if any Overplus do remain in his Hands, he shall pay the same over to the next Surveyors, or one of them then in being, for the Use of the said Parish, to be disbursed in and about the Highways.

And if such Surveyor shall refuse or neglect to make such Account or Repayment as aforesaid, that then it shall be lawful to and for any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within the Parish or Precinct, and upon such mined untam Default found on the Surveyor’s Part, to commit such Surveyor to the com-they account, mon Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall make such Accoiintand Payment, as aforesaid, together with such Satisfaction for the Damage, as the said Vestry and Parish have sustained by reason of such Neglect, and as any One Justice shall judge reasonable. But if the said Justice shall find such Account to be clear and good, then he is to allow the fame; and such Surveyor is not afterwards to be questioned or troubled thereabouts.

[Preamble.]

A n d whereas several Persons for their private Commodity have, or hereafter shall, in the Highways which run through Plantations, erected Gates, through which all Travellers being necessitated to pass the fame, by reason of the Narrowness thereof, becomes, in wet Weather, very deep, and almost im-paffable,To the great Trouble and Damage of His Majesty s Liege People: ^or Remedy whereof. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fion of Gates all such Gate places on the publick Road shall be at lead Ten Foot in Wideness onaii e^grnon between Post and Post; and there shall be made at the Charge of the Owner of Kotdx ' the said Land where such Gate shall be, within Three Months after Publica-;

1 tion hefreofj a goodj firm, and sufficient causeway, or firm Gravel Path, of the full Widened of the said Gate,.and to extend in Length Twenty Foot of each side of the said Gate, and shall continually keep the fame in Repair. And in

35

TheLJWS of BARBADOES.

in case any Person so having a Gate, as aforesaid, final! neglect to make it of the said Wideness, or to make the causeway within the time aforesaid, he shall forfeit Two thousand Pounds of Sugar, to be levied and disposed of, in manner tf

as aforesaid j and shall likewise forfeit for every Three Months after that he u e,! eis‘

shall neglect the fame, the Quantity of Two thousand Pounds of Sugar, until

he hath made the said causeway, as is in this Act prescribed. And after the said causeway made, if the said Person shall neglect to repair the fame within

Twenty Days after he is ordered to do it by the Surveyors of that Parish, of by any one of them, he shall forfeit, for every such Default, one thousand Pounds of Sugar, to be levied and employed as aforesaid.

And the Surveyors of the several Parishes are hereby impowered and re- Raii-'inhjgh-

Suited to take away all Rails that shall be put up in any common Highways inwjjs,®-*.

le Passage : And in case any Rails shall be so hereafter put up, the Parties shall forfeit, for every such putting them up, two hundred Pounds of Sugar, to be levied and disposed of, as aforesaid.

[Preamble.]

And whereas the Highways in open Ground are in many Places already by Fences reduced to a narrower Scantling than by this Act is required, which now to widen might be of great Damage to the Owners of the Land of each side of the said Way : For Prevention whereof Be .it further enabled.by thecimfexviir. Authority aforesaid, That if the Owners of the said Land do, within one Month after Publication hereof, make a firm, plain, and sufficient causeway or ways to be , Gravel Path between the said Fences (provided the fame be broad enough ™Snd owners: for two Carts to pass each against other) and also to enter into Bond for one hundred Pounds Sterling to the Surveyors of the said Parish for the'time being, and their Successors, for the Use of the said Parish, constantly to keep the fame Ifnottmde in good Repair j then, and in such case, the Surveyors of the Highways shall ^Hedges* forbear to beat down the said Fences, or widen the said Way; any thing in thispufteddown. Ad seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

Wk e re a s it hath been taken into Coniidetation, That if the Parishes near-Pr^mb]e; eft adjoyning to the Sea-fide should, at their owii proper Costs and Charges, maintain their Highways and causeways, it might pollibly become over-bur-thenlom unto them, in regard their "W ays be nearer the Center, and are more . in Number, and more uled and worn, of which the Parishes farther off have the Adjoyning Fa-Benefit and Conveniency j and therefore it seems most equitable, that they tribute to the . should, in some measure, contribute towards the Maintenance and Repair of them : For which Purpose, Be it further enacted and ordained by the Au- the"Sea. thority aforesaid, That upon all extraordinary Occasions of Charge in Repara- Clause x tion, as aforesaid, of the Highways, causeways, Gravel, Paths, or Bridges in the Parishes nearest the Sea, such reasonable Contribution shall be made out of the Parish Stock by the Surveyors of those respective Parishes which have the Benefit of such Reparations, as to the Justices of the Peace, at the General Seifi-General Sessions, upon hearing the whole Matter, shall be judged fit and rea-S^w. sonable.

Itejn} If any Justice of the Peace shall fefufe or neglect tq pefform that Duty, chafe xx. which by this Act is required of him, such Justice, upon Conviction thereof by Ago?n|giea^ the Oath of two Witnesses, or his own Conf’elfioU before the Commander in >ng his Duty, chief for the time being, and any two more of the Council, shall be adjudged to i°,^oinb.doir forfeit the Quantity of Ten thousand Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar, and to Hand Sugar-committed until he have paid the fame into the Hands of the Surveyors of the said Parish where the said Default was made, to be disposed of for the Use of the Highways, as aforesaid

And lastly, Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, ThatA^f; aii Acts, Laws, and Statutes formerly made, enacted, and ordained for and and Statutes are concerning any broad Paths or Highways within this Island, and provided for S»de »a*£e

E 2 in purpose*

36

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

in this Act, or any Clause thereof, be and are hereby declared to be void and null, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. January the pth, 1661.

Signed, Humphrey Walrond.

Replied by^an Act concerning Ships, and! the Duty of their Majters or

a« made in Merchants upon their Arrivalwith the Appointment of the

Impoji of Poimdage and Tunnage.

An Act concerning the General Sessions. This Act is repealed by an Act made in Sir Richard Dutton's Time.

313° 2 6. jiff concerning Persons intended to depart this Island, and

faffing up their Names in the Secretary's Office, and Warrants of Arrejis.

13° 25.

Recealed by Act 19?-

Repealedby Act of Colonel Cadrif.rt art’s,

N. J7J.

An Act for settling the Militia within this Island.

J13° 27.

Repealed by several Acts following.

28. An Act for the Refraining the excessive taking of Usury within SSffita this Island.

an after Act.

313° 29.

This Act is comprized in an after Act, N. 171.

An Act concerning ForefiaUers, and Ingrojfers of Provisions.

jQo 30. An Act for Continuance and Obfeirvation of all Acts and Statutes not repealed.

[Preamble.]

Clause L

WHEREAS there are divers and sundry good and wholsome Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances provided, enacted, and made, assigned, and a-greed upon, by and with the Assent, Consent, and Approbation of the Governor, Council, and Free-holders out of every Parish of this Eland of Barbadoes, intituled, A general Assembly for that Purpose elected, made, and chosen : It is hereby enacted, published, and declared, That all and Angular the said Statutes, Laws, and Ordinances, lo made by the general Assembly, shall from henceforth continue, be, and remain in full Force and Power, to be truly and effectually observed, performed, fulfilled, and kept, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, by all and singular the Inhabitants of the said Eland, and Others, which, from time to time, shall be and remain upon this Eland, that none of the said Articles, Statutes, Laws, and Ordinances shall at any time hereafter be repealed or nullified, in part, or in whole, nor any thing thereunto added, without the Assent, Consent, Advice, and Approbation of a like general Assembly, confiding of the Governor, Council, and Free-holders j which Free-holders are freely to be elected and chosen by the major Voice of the several Parishes respectively within the said Eland, being two at the least in each Parish.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

37

An Act for settling a "Regiment of Horse within this Island.

the Militia Acts, and in the

_ Council Books.

An Act prohibiting all Persons to incroach upon their Neigh- j^o 32. hours Line.

WHEREAS 'many Persons, upon Pretence that they wanted their Pro-Preamble.

portions of Land, have incroached upon their Neighbours Line, and made use of great Parcels of their Lands, and fallen and cut down many of their marked and Timber Trees of a good Value, whence hath risen present difficult Suits of Law, by reason that oftentimes no marked Trees or corner Trees were to be found, when as in truth such Incroacher hath well enough known their Bounds and Limits j which hath been much to the Injuries and Damages of poor People within this Island, who have not thereby only lost their Timber Trees and Land, but also other Privileges and Commodities which thereby did accrue to them : For Prevention whereof, and other like Mischiefs that depend thereon, for the future. It is ordained and enacted by clause i. the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That whatsoever Person shall presume to incroach upon his Neighbour’s Line within the old Bounds, or cut down any corner or marked Trees directing in the Lines, or any other Trees out of his own Bounds, shall forfeit, for every such marked and corner, or timber Trees lb cut down, five hundred Pounds of Sugar, and for every other one hundred Pounds of Sugar; all which shall be recovered by the Party fuffefing by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Island. Dated the 30th of August3 1656.

An Act for the annual Rates of Wines and other Hrong Li- 33*

quart.

An Act to prevent the Prejudice that may happen to this Island JR° 34* by loose and vagrant Persons in and about the same.

WHEREAS it hath been taken into great Consideration the great Num- ^'xhls aa ber of loose, idle, vagrant Persons in and about this Island, who are u Voided for of no certain Employment, and have no constant Residence or Place of Abode, sessions?-11*1'61 whereby they become ready to make use of all Advantages, and upon all Occasions to act to the Prejudice of this Place, and the Disturbance of His Majesty's Peace and Quiet of the fame: It is therefore hereby enacted and ordain- clause l ed by the Governor and Council, with the Consent of the Gentlemen of the Assembly, That the several Justices of the Peace, within their several and respective Precincts within this Island where they live, have thereby Power to take Notice of all such Persons who have no constant Place of Abode^ and are of no settled Employment and Calling $ the Names of all such Person and Persons forthwith to inlist, and fend the same to the Governor, to the intent such Consideration maybe had therein, that all such Persons may be employed in feme necessary Work to the Defence of this Island, and the Peace and Tranquillity thereof from time to time preserved.

An Act for the binding out Apprentices. I0° _35»

An

*8

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

312® 36* An Act for the making good and clear ing. the Ways of the Aftp!o^by Streets and Lanes in and about the Indian Town, Spight’s Bay, alias Little Bristol.

If5° '»*? of Repealed by

Act 107,

An Act for the appointing and nominating of Streets, Lanesi Alleys, Wharfs, and other Passages, convenient in and about the Town of St. Michael s.

30° 38. An Act to prevent the Danger that may happen by Fire in or obfoictc. about the Sea Port Towns within this IJlafid.

312° 39.

Expired.

By the Governor, Council, and Assembly, concerning Taxes.

313° 40. An Act for the disposing of several Fines that are imposed upon several Persons for several Misdemeanors done within this Island.

W'

rH E REAS it hath been taken into Consideration the many and several Fines that have been imposed and laid upon several People for their Miscarriages before the Governor and Council at the time of their Sitting, and for their Contempts and Misbehaviour in the several Courts of Judicature within this Island, and for neglecting Attendance on the said Courts, when duly summoned thereto, CJC. And for that for the Times pass, no strict Course hath been taken for the levying the said Fines, and no- Account hath been hitherto rendred what hath become of the fame, which tends much to the Detriment of the publick Stock, and Benefit of this Island : For Prevention whereof, and Remedy therein for the future, and to the intent that all such Fines may be duly levied and received into the publick Treasury, for the Use and Benefit of this clause i. Island, Be it ordained, and enacted, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by Oiulfw keep the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That sines"' of from and after Publication hereof, the Clerk or Clerks of the several and respe-’ Clive Courts within this Island, for the several and respective Precincts, shall keep a just and true Account of all such Fine or Fines that shall be laid or imposed upon any the Inhabitants of this Island, for any their Misdemeanors in the said Courts, or neglecting their Attendance on the feme, when duly summoned thereto, &c. by the Judge or his Assistants. And that the said several and every a Clerks shall, every Two Months, deliver unto the several Marshals of the said utertTiothe" several and respective Courts, as also unto the Treasurer of this Island for the MarihaL time being, within every such Time, all and every such Lift of Fines within the Precincts of their Courts, attested under his or their Hand or Hands j which said Marftial or Marshals is hereby required, upon Re.ceipt of the fame, to re-tndge tonga Pa‘r to the Judge of his or their Courts within the Precincts, for Execution for Executions, levying the lame upon the Goods or Persons of such as are fined, the said several Judges of the respective Courts being thereby authorized, impowered, and required to sign such Execution or Executions, for levying the said Fines within nis Precincts, upon the Goods or Persons so fined, as aforesaid, as in case of to be levied as Debt, or other wise , which said Marshals of the several and respective Courts incase of debt, are hereby required and authorized to levy and extend the fame Executions, and to appraise and fell all such Goods, for making good the Payment of such Fine or Fines, as aforesaid, in manner and form as hath been heretofore accustomed for Executions for Debts within this Island; and upon any such Appraise-

ment

The LAWS of BARBA DOES.

39

ment to return the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner thereof, reserving to lelf out of the Goods so attached, or receiving from the Party, whom the Execution is against, his usual and accustomOd Fees, as in case of Execution for Debt.

And upon any Receipt of all such Goods as the said several and re spe Clive ^iJrrexCul Marshals fhuTl have and receive, by Reason and Cause aforesaid, they are hereby g for the required to carry, convey, and deliver the fame, at the Coifs and Charges 0fCountry 5 " him or them whom the Execution is again!!, to the Treasurer for the time being, who is hereby required and authorized to receive the same for the publick Ule and Benefit of this Island; the said several and respective Marshals taking from the said Treasurer for the time being his Receipt, shall be, and is hereby declared to be his or their sufficient Discharge.

And to the intent that all due Observance may be had hereto, and that no Clause lL Neglect be given herein, Be it fui ther ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Clerk or Clerks, Marshal or Marshals, shall make Default in their Office and Duty herein, or be wanting or neglecting in the Performance thereof, as is before expressed, shall, for such his or their Default or Neglect, be ousted and dismissed from such his or their Office or Place, and shall likewise be committed, and lie in the common Gaol for Three Months without Bail or Mainprize j the same to be immediately executed upon him or them, upon his or their Conviction, upon the Oath of one or more Witnesses, or other sufficient Proof, before the Governor, or any one Justice of the Peace.

An Act for the regulating and appointing the Tees of the several Officers and Courts of this Island.

41,

WHEREAS it hath been taken into serious Cdnlidefation, the great Prambk.

Burthen the several Inhabitants of this Island have sustained and complained under, by reason of the extraordinary Fees to and unduly exacted by the several Officers of the several and respective Offices and Courts within this Island, whereby oftentimes the Charges exceed the Value of the Suit : For . Remedy whereof for the future, and to the intent all the said. several Fees or'

Demands of the hid several Courts and Offices may be certainly made known,-and allExaClions and unlawful Demands by them be prevented and punished

Be it enacted, ordained, and established by the Governor, Council, and Afiem- T^"cjn,;e

bly, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary, ft or any other Ofcthan^uft™

fleer or Officers whatsoever belonging to this Island, and . to the several Courts

of the fame, by himself. Deputy, Clerk, or Servant, shall, after Publication imprisonment.

hereof, receive or take any other Fee or Fees for any Buflriefs hereafter" named,

than is for the fame hereafter expressed and annexed hereto, under Penalty of forfeiting or losing his or their Office or Offices, and lying in the common

Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, the Space of one Month the same to be

immediately executed upon him or them, upon his or their Conviction upon the Oath of one or more Witnesses, or other sufficient Proofs before the Govern

nor or any Justice of the Peace.

And to the intent that all due Order may be herein kept and observed, and clause ir. the Inhabitants of this Ifl§nd may not be ignorant thereof. Be it further enacted,^eoifire of established, and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the’ Secretaty’sSecreury. Fees, and Prices thereof, according as they aie in this Act annexed, set down and expressed, be fairly engrossed and hung ujp in the Secretary’s Office j that all the several Officers, as Clerks’of the several and respective Courts and Table ef Fees Chancery, and Marshals of the several and respective Courts, their several office*1 Fees, and the Prices thereof, according as they are in this Act! annexed, set down, and expressed, be drawn on a Table, and hung up in their several and respective Offices or Courts t and that the said Table of Fees be not out of

8 their

40

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

TaVe of Fees in Courts on Court Days.

Clause III. A Place to be appointed to receiveSugar .fur Fees.

Refuting Sugar, forfeits 1,000 lb. of Su gar.

their several Offices at any time but ‘on Court Days j and on Court Days to hang up in some publick Place in the Court, during the Session of Court, under the Penalty of forfeiting and paying One thousand "Weight of Mufco-*vadoe Sugar for every such Default $ the one Moiety to be to the Use of this Island, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the fame j to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this liland.

And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary, and Clerks, and Marflials of the said respective Courts and Chancery, do. appoint some one certain Place at the Sea fide, or Towns in their several Precincts, where their Fees may be paid, that People may certainly know where to carry and pay Sugar for Fees and that no Officer or Officers aforesaid do refule Sugar, according to the Prices mentioned and expressed in the several Lifts annexed to this Act (the Goodness of the Sugar to be judged by any Two of the Neighbourhood) upon the Penalty of forfeiting one thousand Pounds of Sugar for every such Default, and to be recovered and levied in due manner as aforesaid.

The Secretary s Tees.

lb. Sugar-

'OR recording Deeds, and Bills of Sale-

For every Bond for an English Ship, Five Shillings.- For every Ship Bond for a Stranger, Ten Shillings.

For recording Articles of Agreement and Covenants, Ten Pounds of Sugar i a Side with thirty Lines in a Side, an Inch less forC

the Margent-----—— - 3

Eor recording Certificates for Land-; -

Fora Search of any Record -

For every Recognizance- -

For every Caveat----- •-----

For every under Writing-----

For every Ticket-

For drawing a Deposition-For drawing a Bond obligatory1 For a Licence for Marriage

For a Letter of Administration, Warrant of Appraisement, and In-?

ventory only filed----- - —----->

For every Will recording-----

For the Copy of a Will-

For recording Depositions-----

For a Copy of an Inventory -

For every Order of the Governor and Council-For every Letter of Attorney recording-

20

10

10 16 6

4

2

6

10

6

50

For every Licence for keeping a Country Store House-For every Surveyor s Commission-

For every Clerk of the Market for his Commission-For every Protest at the Bridge-

For Licence to draw Drink, not being of the Growth of this?

30

20

20

IO

20

IO

20

IOO

IOO

IOO

SO

Country

10 opejAri.

For a Writ of Error, and the Proceedings upon it at Council? Board-"-.... . , —i... . >100

The

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

4i

The Clerk of the Peace his Fees. lb. Sugar.

Every Action entred - i°°

Every Indictment - 5°

Every Recognizance - 4°

Every Session Summons - 10

Every Recognizance drawn - 10

Every Judgment acknowledged - i°°

Every Order or Judgment of the Court----- 20

Every Traverse------ 4°

For Copy of each of those----- — 20

Every Writ of Error-----—----- - too

Every Preferment—-----—----- 4°

Every Execution-----:-----4°

The Clerk of the private Courts his Fees.

FOR a Commiflfion to audit Accounts-----

For a Writ of Inquiry of Damage -

Eor a Scire Facias -

For an Order thereupon-----

For an Appeal, if prosecuted -

For entring Acknowledgment of Satisfaction after Judgment-----

For Summons for a Voucher----- -

For filing Reasons of Demurrers and Arrest of Judgment-----

For a foreign Attachment-----.-----—

For a Bill of Costs adjudged by the Courts-----— -

For filing an Injunction------.----- :-----

For filing a Dismission from Chancery, and filing the Action anew—

For the Return of a Writ of Error-----

For recording a Letter of Attorney that will not be left in Court--

For drawing a Deposition----- -

For a Certificate -

For receiving and recording Reports-----— -

For searching the Records in the old Books within the Year,? Two Pounds; if longer -

A Lift of Chancery Fees.

FOr filing a Bill of Complaint...................—— 50'

For filing an Answer or Demurrer----- — 40

For filing a Replication............ " ' 2 5

For filing a Rejoynder-----*............ 20

For a Subpoena—-----—-...... - •-----^-----—-a— 1 o

For a Subpoena for Witriefles, three being in it5 and so fof every|_ IQ

For a Bond----- - — 10

For an Injunction----- — . 1 —:-----:- 20

For filing the Examiners Report-----——-----—1—- 26

For the Copies of Bills, Answers, Replications, Rejoynders, and?

Demurrers, or Report — -----—? 20

F For

20

20

y

2

30

20

4

4

10

2

4

2

80

10

6

4

12

ICT

42

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

lb. Sugar.

For a Commission-----

For a Copy of an Order-For a Decree-

For aContempt-

IOO io

50

20

Marshals of Courts their Fees.

O R serving a

Warrant—

For the underwriting the Action before filim

4

10

For trying the Action-

the-

For levying the Execution under Two thousand Pounds; for First thousand Pounds, four Pounds of Sugar per Cent. For/* the Second Thousand Pounds, two Pounds per Cent. For the> Third thousand Pounds, one Pound per Cent, and so forward pro-S

portionably-----

For a Commitment in Court-----

For impanelling a Jury of View, and their Attendance thereon-

200

For levying or extending foreign Attachments allowed proportion-

ably, as in case of Executions----- -5"

The several Businesses done by the Provost Marshal in the Execution?

of his Place, Fees already fet—-----—----- j

For every Commitment of a Gentleman or Master-----—-----

For every Release----- — ................:— -

For Diet, if he can agree; if not, to find himself-----

For Commitment of an ordinary Man-----

For his Release-

20

20

JO

10

For his Diet four Pounds of Sugar for every four and twenty Hours, J if he cannot find himselfthe Provisions to be Bonavis, Potatoes,/* or Bread, and enough of Water------ j

For every twenty four Hours Imprisonment Prison is to be paid by the Publick-

nothing.

because the"

For a Warrant of Arrest at the Bridge, twenty Pounds of Sugar;? for every Mile from thence, besides the twenty Pounds of Sugar./*

five Pounds each Mile -

For Arrest aboard Ship fifty Pounds, besides Charge of Boat hire,? and Miles he shall go by Land; the Boat hire to be certain, or atS*

twenty Pounds of Sugar—————----- —S

For every Man bound to the Peace and good Behaviour, or in dict-?

ed and called at Sessions----- J 20

Every Warrant of Possession to be directed to the Provost Marshal > for serving of which he is to have an hundred Pounds of Sugar, be > 100 the Land more or leis-----—----- b

And because we conceive these.Fees, though enough for the Country to pay, yet not sufficient to maintain a Provost Marshal; therefore we think fit, that he receive an Hundred Pounds of Sugar per Annum for every House that shall receive Licence to fell drink, not being of the Growth or Manufactory of tins Country.

For summoning of a special Jury —

For a Habeas Corpus in the Town of St. Michaely Thirty Pounds of Sugar per Day 5 and forty Pounds per Day tp any Place out of St. Michael's-----—-----

- 500

The

43

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

The Assembly agree and desire. That the Custody of the Cage in the Town he in the Provost Marshal j and that all Prisoners pay their Fees for their Discharge equal, as if they had been committed to Prison j and defile the Governor and Council to concur and agree thereto.

An Act for the certain and conjlant Appointment of all Officers Fees within this Island.

WHEREAS the Fees for the respective Offices of this Island are, by an Preamble, Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly, settled for a Time uncertain, by means whereof it may be understood to be a Settlement to Perpetuity, which was not the Intention of the said A6c j the Authority of this Place always intending to re Serve a Power in themselves, at any time when they shall see fit, to make the Several Fees more or less: Be it therefore or- clausei. dained and enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth no Establishment of Fees be continued in force longer than the Twenty fifth Day of March next j and after that time no Establishment be made of any the Fees aforesaid for any longer time than six Months. But if the Governor, Council, and Assembly shall omit at the Expiration of the time aforesaid, or in any of the six Months after, that then the Fees before established continue, and be in Force, until there be Alteration made by the Governor, Council, and Assembly. Dated the 7th of September,

1652. and confirmed the 7th and 8th of August, 1661.

An Act for the better Discovery of frayed Cattle, or Such as JSP43*

7*/r 7 7 y-\ Provided Fdx

are dtjtramed7 doing Damage. by AaSoi.

An Act for the Relief of such Persons as lie in Prisony and J13° 44* others, who have not wherewith to pay their Creditors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it hath been taken into Consideration, the extreme Poverty of several poor Persons within this Island, and their Inability to satisfy their several Creditors, and by reason thereof Suffer long and tedious Imprisonment without any hope of Relief therein:

[Clause 1.]

It is therefore hereby enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, That all such Persons who are. in Prison, and all others that have no other way to satisfy their several. Creditors, and Judgment for the fame obtained again!! him, shall, if they will thereunto Submit, be ordered and appointed by the Judge and Affiftartts of the Precincts wherein he lives, or wherein such Judgment was obtained, to serve such of his or their Creditors, that will give the greatest Wages per Month for his or their Servitude, until such Judgment had, or Debts by him or them owing, shall be fully Satisfied : Provided the said Debt or Debts exceed not two thousand Pounds of Sugar.

[Clause II.]

And in case there shall be any fraudulent Contracts or Agreements between the Debtors and Creditors, that in such Cases the Judge or his Assistants shall revoke their Orders, and prosecute the Offenders, as in case of Fraud; any Law, Usage, or Custom heretofore to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the more certain Produce of all kind of Provisons 313° as* within this Island. Repwiedb*

J AnewA®.

An

44

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

113° 46. An Addition to an Act, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates and Titles of the Inhabitants of this Island to their Possessions in their several Plantations, within the same.

WHEREAS in a Clause in the said Adit is ordained. That all the Inhabitants of this Island, that are in quiet Pcfleflion of any Lands or Tenements by virtue of any Warrant from any former Governors, or by Conveyance or other Act in Law from them who had the fame Warrant, shall have, hold, and enjoy the same as their free Estates : And whereas since some Scruples have arisen whether an Estate for Life or Inheritance may be construed from the same for want of these Words (their Heirs) to the Intent the lame may be more fully explained, and all Disputes of that kind for the future abo-Gbure I. liQied, Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, That by these Words {as their free EJiatei) was meant the whole Estate and Inheritance of the respective Plantations within this Island. So that by such Possession in manner as by the said Act is expressed, the said Inhabitants are hereby adjudged and declared to have and hold their Lands of Right to them, to dispose of or alienate, or otherwise to defeend or be confirmed to their Heirs for ever.

J13° 47-

Repealed by Afty8., _j

An Act for settling the several Markets in the several Towns of this Island.

48. An Act for the Encouragement of such as shall plant or raise Provisions to fell.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers the Inhabitants of this Island have been discouraged

w from planting and railing Provisions to fell, in regard of the tedious Payments are many times made, and the great Trouble of Prosecution of the fame at common Law : For Prevention whereof for the future. Be if enabled and ordained by the President, Council, and Assembly, and by the Au-oSptfTtffed thority of the same, That all Planters possessed but of Twenty Acres of Land, undeHEbrPro-or un"ers that shall, after Publication hereof, fell any sort of Provisions of the vifiois fold Growth or Produce of this Island, shall and have hereby Power to prosecute b^reajustice. any Person for any Debt accruing by such Sale before any Justice of the Peace within the Parish or Precinct, and recover the fame in such manner and form, as Servants and Labourers are impowered to recover their Wages by virtue of an Act in that case made and provided j and all Justices of the Peace respectively are hereby impowered to do the fame accordingly. Dated the 13th of March, 1661.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

45

An Act, intituled, An Acknowledgment and Declaration of the j^0 49. Inhabitants of the Island of Barbadoes, of His Majesty's^'^, Right to the Dominions of this Island, and the Right of the R-pea;tJ Right Honourable the Earl of Carlifla, derived from the said Majfiy and by the Earl of Carlisle, to the Right Honourable the Lord Willoughby of Parham; and also for the unanimous Profession of the true Religion in this Island, and im-pofng condign Punishment Upon the Opposers thereof-

An Act concerning the Sale of Lands by Attorneys, Executors, 3i5° and Administrators.

WHE RE AS it hath been a long received Custom in this Ifiund3 for A'-torneys, Executors, and Administrators, to make Sale of Land of their Principals, Telia tors, and Intestates : And 1 orafm uch as it evidently appears unto all Men, th.it the greatest part of the Possessors of Larid in this llland fold no Land by no other Title, although they have given very valuable Cori-fiderations for the fame; the Governor and the Assembly having taken the lJie-misses into their Consideration$ and well weighing the milchievotis Consequence which must necessarily follow, if the Validity of such Sale should be questioned, do hereby enact, declare, and publish. That all Sales already made unto this Day by any of the Persons before recited, to the behoof of any Principals, Te-stators, or Intestates, shall be as firm and valid unto the Purchasers, their Heirs, an J Assigns, as if they had been made by the Principals themselves, or by the Testators or Intestates themselves.

I t is also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Possessors as now hold by Merchants, or by any Title derived from them, shall likewise be confirmed and established, they, and their Heirs, in their PoflTelfion without Disturbance.

An Act for the advancing and raising the Value of Pieces of jjp 5i

Repealed by Act 117.

Eight.

An Act for raising a present Levy of Sugar, to defray the Char- js* 52. ges incident to the making of Bre aft-works at the several land-hxpMi' ing Places about this- Island, to answer the present Occassion.

An Act for the speedy raising of a sufficient Strength of La- 53, bourers to erect some Breajt-works at the Sea fide. Bays, and E*pire*' landing Places about this Island.

An Act for the doubling the Impositions of all forts of Jlrongomia^td. Liquors imported this Island. ArwL,»

' the fame pup* pose.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Laves of this Island.

WHEREAS the present Governor, Council, and Assembly, have signified by a late Declaration, bearing Date the Seventh Day of March instant, that the Government of this Place shall be according to the Laws of England, and of this llland, as hath been heretofore used and prafitifed : And for that nothing more conduceth to the Good and Quiet of any Place and People, than the alluring and ascertaining such Laws and Statutes as they are

to

T

46 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

to be governed and regulated by; and to take off all pretence of Ignorance of the llime for the future, It is therefore ordained and enabled by [the Governor, Council, and Representatives of the Inhabitants of this Island now assembled. That all such Acts and Statutes as have been made and published in this Island, wtat'tSw'oi or viewed, corrected, and confirmed by any Governor and Council, or Prefi-thi» Mand ate dent and Council, by virtue of any Commission from King yantes, or Charles I. asceruine now Majesty's Royal Grandfather, and Father, of ever blessed Memory;

or by virtue of any Commission from His most Gracious Majesty that now is, either immediately from either of Their said Majesties, or mediately from them, or either of them, by, from, or under the late Earl, or any former Earl of Carlisle, by or with the Assent or Consent of the Representatives of this Place, legally called and continued, which Hands unrepealed by any Power and <N Authorities aforesaid, be hereby enacted and declared to be in full Force and

Virtue in this Island j and that all Laws, Acts, and Statutes, made or published in this Island by any other Power or Authority than as before expressed, are utterly void and of none Effect; any Declaration, Order, or Ordinance to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Philip Bell Esq; Robert Hooper Esq,- Conjlant Sylvefier, Sintcn Lambert, john Jennings, and Richard Evans, Esquires; and Mr. Edward Bowden Secretary, do, Cjsufc 11.^ with what convenient Speed they can, collect and compile-all the Acts and

appointed to

Statutes in Force, as aforesaid, and them cause to be fairly and diflindtly entred tawsofthis an£l enr°Hed by the Secretary of this Island into one Book entirely by them-iiiand, as ma’i selves, without being mixed or confused with any the Laws, Acts, or Statutes, tem Force., made void, as aforesaid : Which Acts and Statutes so transcribed, entred, and enrolled, and none other, shall be, and be taken and esteemed to be the Acts and Statutes in Force made in this Island j any Declaration, Order, or Ordinance to the contrary notwithstanding.

And to the end the Inhabitants of this Island may be made sensible of the said Acts, by the Publication of them; and that the Secretary of this Island, in this time of much Business, as much as may be, be eased; it is further or-tS raid Laws ^a*ned and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one fair Copy of all the to be transeri- said Acts, when transcribed and engrossed, as aforesaid, shall be fairly written nfedineveryout and attested by the said Secretary, and sent to the Minister of the Parish Parish. of St. Michael, to be by him published in the said Parish Church the next Sunday j and so from thence to some other Parish, to be published the Sunday after that; and so successively from Parish to Parish, to the end and purpose it may, on the ten next succeeaing Sundays, be published in the other Ten Parish Churches of this Island j this to be done and conveyed to the several Ministers of the respective Parishes by the Provost Marshal or his Deputy; and that Copy so attested and published, as aforesaid, to be by the Provost Marshal returned to the Clerk of the Assembly, to be by him kept with the Books of the Assembly *s Proceedings.

Provided, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall be construed to give Liberty to any Person to assign Errors again!! the Jurisdiction of any Court within this Island held before the Twenty eighth Day of February last pad.

clause iv. I t is also ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in regard the Publick Seal appointed by His Majesty, that now is, to the Right Honourable Francis Lord Willoughby of Parham, for this and the rest of the Chari bbee Islands, cannot at present be had to affix to this Act, according to the Appointment of His sacred Majesty, in His Grant to the said Lord Willoughby, bearing Date the Twelfth of June, in the Fifteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, the present Governors subscribing ttheir Names to this Act, shall be deemed as effectual, and of as full Force and Authority, to all Intents and Purposes, as if

the

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

47

the said publick Seal were thereunto affixed. Given under our Hands the 2 2d Pay of March, 1666.

Henry Willoughbys Henry Hawley,

Samuel Harwich.

An Act for the Prevention of firing of Sugar Canes. 56-

IT Is hereby enacted, published, and declared, Thar whatsoever Person or Persons that shall at any time hereafter wittingly or willingly burn or set on l-'ire any Sugar Cane Field, or any other Place where Sugar Canes do grow, in any place within this Island, shall for every such Offence, to be proved, receive Forty Laflies upon his bare Back, and branded on the Forehead with an hot Iron, with the Letter R, and become Servant to the Party or Parties that shall be so damnified by the burning or setting on Fire the said Sugar Canes, for the Term of seven Years. But whosoever lnall casually do the fame, shall be liable to make Restitution and Satisfaction to the Party so damnified, according to the Nature and Quality of the Damage.

Provided, That this Statute extend not to any that shall burn or set on Fire their own Sugar Cane Fields, so that it be not prejudicial to any other.

And whereas several Fields of Canes and Pasture have of late been fired accidentally, by carrying of Fire, and smoaking of Tobacco in Paths where Canes are planted on either Side, to the great Loss and Damage of several the Inhabitants of this Island; It is therefore hereby enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That whatsoever Person or Persons shall, after Publication hereof, presume to carry Fire, or take any Tobacco in any Path where Sugar Canes are planted on both fides of the fame Path, or near to any planted Canes, upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace (who is hereby authorized to hear the fame) by the Oatn of one or more Witness, or the Party’s own Confession, shall pay and forfeit five hundred Pounds of Sugar for every such Offence so committed"* and in case the Person contrary to this Act offending, as aforesaid, shall not be able to pay the said Forfeiture, such Person or Persons shall upon Conviction, as aforesaid, by Order of the said Justice of the Peace, have and receive Twenty Lashes upon his bare Back the same to be executed by the next Constable the said Fine to be paid in to the Commissioners for the Highways of that Precinct where the Offence was committed.

An Act for the better ordering and governing of Negroes. 3®s

R; peals d by Act jjo.

An Act for the speedy Tryal of all such Ships or Goods as shall 5g he seized on in any of the Ports or Bays belonging to thisObf0,ete-Islandby the Commander or Commanders of any His Maje-jiy s Ships, who cannot fiay till the Sitting of the usual Courts, without much Prejudice to His Majesty's other Affairs.

The preceding Collection of Taws were, by an Act of this Island, ordained and established to be in full and absolute Force and Virtue, and were duly published in all the Parishes of this Island, and returned to the Clerk of the Assembly, as more fully appears by an Attestation under their

48 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

their several Hands; the Original whereof is affixed to the Assembly Book of Acts : And also the aforesaid A<Sts were Tent to England for His Majesty's Approbation, and have been fully approved and confirmed by His Sacred Majesty to be of full Force and Authority in this Island.

The Return of the Commissioners is contained in the Words following viz.

WE the Committee appointed for the compiling of the Laws, having caused them to be collected and transcribed, as appears by a Writing under our Hands, expressed in the Page, the first Line entred in this Book, and are therein expressed, and be comprehended in one hundred fifty thtee Sheets of Paper j which being now fairly engrossed in this Book, do appear to be fifty eight Laws, and are comprehended in fifty one next preceding Pages. And to the end that one first Declaration may be rightly understood, in regard that relateth to the One hundred fifty three Sheets of Paper, wherein the Laws were first digested. We have thought good hereto insert this present Explanation. Given Wider our Hands the 14th Day of November, 1667.

Philip Bell, Gonflant Sylvester.

ACTS

J.

49

A CTS and STATUTES from the Ninth of May, 1667.

By the General Assembly, An Act for the raiffng a Sum of JEP 59* Goods for the needful publick Use of this Island, and oi'heru"Ma~' His Majestys Affairs in relieving of the Leeward Islands.

By the General Assembly, An Act appointing a Duty to he JfQn <s0. levied on Wines, and other ftrojig Liquors, imported into Rcp"!ed' this Islands

By the General Assembly, An Act for the raising a .present 61. Levy of Sugar, to defray the Charges of the Platforms andh*piK<L Breast-works to he appointed at the several Bays and landing Places within this Island.

By the General Assembly, An Act for the raising a . further 513° 62. and sufficient Strength of Labourers for the ereBing and^'1^ finishing the Platforms and present Breast-works at the feve- . ral Sea Jide Ports and Bays, and landing Places about this Island.

An Addition to the AB for the settling the Militia of this Island. jr* e3(

Repealed.

An Act for the satisfyingfome late pubTtch Disbursements out of ji3° 64. the Levy of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds of Sugary raisedOh0l<:K’ by a late AB bearing Date the ninth of May, 1667.

An Act authorizing the Governor of this Island for the time be- 65,

ing to appoint a Provost Marshal within the same.

ORASMUCH as it hath been in the Poweir of the Gor-preamble> vernor of this Island, from the Settlement thereof, to appoint meet Persons of known Abilities for the Execution of the Provost Marshal’s Office, for which of late, by some fur-reptitious Practices, Patents have been obtained and procured from His Majesty by Persons very unfit for a Place of such Trust, to the great Prejudice of the Inhabitants : For Remedy therefore of thele Inconveniencies for the future*

G and

5°

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

and that the said Office may be supplied with Persons able and fit for the Discharge of the said Place. We the Representatives of this Island of Barbadoes do humbly pray your Excellency, that it 'may be ordained and enabled : And That thef<33- *s hereby ordained and enacted by his Excellency, Council, and Assembly, iav’ei’owtttoanc^ the Authority of the same, That it shall henceforward be in the Go-appomt°the1 vernor’s Power, from time to time, as Occasion shall offer, to constitute and provost Mar- appoint any sufficient Person or Persons, whom ire lira 11 judge meet, to be Pic-voft Marshal of this Island, taking good Security, as hath been heretofore ac-custohred, for the just and honest Discharge of his Place. Given under my Hand the 26th Day of "July, x 667.

Signed, William Willoughby.

obfbiL66' Addition to the late A SI for the raising a Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds of Sugar.

e^ for a fPeedy ratfm& a &um of Goods for the defraying some late publick Charges, and for other the present needful publick TJfe of this Island.

o£tef An Act for the Supply of a further Strength of Labourers to the finishing the present Works by the Sea-fide.

Ji3° 69. dire Sling how the Clerks and Marshals for the several

Repeaeclj x8 - O - t 7* Tn J w n , J -

Ftt. 1709-10. Courts of Common Pleas within this Island shall be appointed' and what they shall receive.

Expired 7°’ f?r Supply of a further Strength of Labourers to

xpix the finishing the present Works by the Sea fide.

oJftLtft1’ An for Cotistant Sylvester Esq; to receive the Levy of St. George’s.

ohfofete?2* for Payment of the everal Subscriptions made left

Year by the Inhabitants of this Island, to accommodate the then intended Design for His Majesty's Service to the Leeward Islands.

JS°73* A further additional ASl to the ASl of the Militia of this Island.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

5i

A further additional Act for the salt Confirmation of the Sale^" 74* of certain Houses and Lands attached from Edmond Keyzar, and sold by Outcry unto John Jones Gent, for the Satisfaction of a Debt due from the said Keyzar, as Farmer of the . Customs of this Country.

An Act against the hilling of Calves. ExSd.75*

An Act for the Supply of a further Strength of Labourers to j^o 7g. the finishhtg she Breafi Works by the Sea fide. °bfoIete'

An Act for the raising of a further Levy of Sugar to defray 313° 77. the Charges of the Flat for ms and Breajt Works to be ap- °bfJlctc' pointed, of the several Bays and landing Places within this Island.

An Act for the rating of Wines, and other strong Liquors, to JI3° 78. be sold by Retailers. Expired.

An Act concerning the Commission of the fudges and their Af- 312° fistants.

FORASMUCH as the Judges, and their Assistants, of the several Courts of Common Pleas within this Island, have hitherto acted by virtue of their Commission received from his Excellency William Lord Willoughby of Parham,

Captain General and Chief Governor of this and the rest of the Qharibbee Elands, under his private Seal of Arms : And whereas the said Commissions are since granted by his said Excellency, under the Broad and publick Seal appointed by His Majesty for this and the rest of these Islands, It is hereby ordained and clause 1. enacted by his said Excellency, his Council, and Assembly, That all Proceed-fn°g trudges ings hitherto acted and done by the said several Judges and Affiftahts, by vir-^ere^Pate tue'of their said Commissions under the aforesaid private Seal, shall be, andseai"apavate are hereby held and esteemed as valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fin’d Publick Seal had been affixed unto the said Commissions. Given under my Hand this 14th Day of December, 166j.

Signed, William Willoughby.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the publick Accounts. E3®° So»

An Act to supply the DefeEl in the Choice of Vejlry-men, &c. Ex^°d>8r* in the several Parishes in this Island this present Tear. P

52

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

30° 82. An Act to prevent the raising, digging, breaking up, or taking 0£t' away of any Stones in any part of the Sea or Sea Shores before this Island\ from Barly Bay., windward, to Captain Thompson’s Bay, leeward.

313° 83. An Act for Relief of such poor Persons as have much Jiijfered obioietc. fjje jate afliEling Hand of God.

JI2° 84. An Act to prevent forceable and clandefime Entries into any Lands or Tenements within this Island.

[Preamble.]

*0 RAS MUCH as great Care hath been had, for divers Years pad, for £7 the quieting, settling, and ascertaining all Mens Rights and Possessions in and to their Lands and Tenements within this Island, so as that the Difficulty and determining Mens Interests through the Defeats of former Grants, or the Weakness of Men in the Infancy of Settlements, as to Deeds and due Forms of Law, hath been of late Years reasonably well evinced and cleared, and the Limitation of Time, as to Mens Rights and Estates, Claims and Properties, hath been successively enlarged and continued beyond Expectation, whereby all Capacities and Conditions of Persons might arrive to a Challenge of any their Estates; and that it is high time now the Possessors of Lands should, in some measure, be free from the daily Vexation of unwarranted Claims, Entries, and secret Possessions, gained by litigious, troublesome, and unconcerned Persons, who, notwithstanding the Courts of Common Pleas are open, and do hold monthly, for the determining Mens Rights, yet do daily vex and disturb the Inhabitants of this Island in their Possessions and Estates, by privately setting up petty Roofs, or thatcht Houses, fonie-times in the Night, sometimes in the Day, in the remote Bounds or Parts of their Plantations and Lands, and by sudden and secret Entries into Lands and Tenements, or by private Ways of gaining Possession upon very frivolous Sug-geftions, do pretend Right and Property j and by such Means, with other subtil Tricks and Pretensions, meeting many times with the Advantage of ignorant Persons concurrent with their Devices, do daily trouble and put to charge the Owners and rightful Possessors, and indanger their just Interests, when in truth the Party so indirectly gaining Possession or Entring, hath no just Cause lor his so doing : And also whereas it often falls out, that upon due Tryal at the Common Law, it was found that such Entry was altogether unlawful, whereupon Judgment is given, that the Plaintiff shall recover his Possession, with Costs and Damages against the Defendant, whole Condition is for the most part so desperate, that he is not able to perform the Sentence of the Law, whereby the Plaintiff, after a tedious Suit, and his Estate wasted, is left reme-diless, to his intolerable Grief and Damage : For Prevention of which great clausei. Rvils for the future. It is ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, the Council, and Assembly of Representatives of this Island of Barbadoes, and by Authority of the same, That henceforward no Person or Persons whatsoever EmuSeable presume to make any forceable Entries, or forceable Detainers, into, or of any Lands, Houses, or Tenements within this Island, or presume to enter secretly into any Man’s Lands, Houses, or Tenements, so? gaining of Possession, by Nottoerea setting up any Roofs, Huts, Hovels, Tents, or thatcht Houses, or by any ?mditHouse«/uch private or secret Practices, or other Ways or Means whatsoever, without to gain poiref-due Course, Tryal, and Recovery at Lawfirft had and obtained, under Pe-Forfeiture. nalty of forfeiting Ten thousand Pounds of Sugar for every Person so offend-

53

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

ing, to the King’s Majesty. And whensoever any Person or Persons JHall make any such Entry and Detainer, or by any such secret Means or Ways, as aforesaid, enter into, or gain Possession of any Man’s Lands, Houses, or Tenements, upon any Pretence whatsoever, contrary to this Act, without Tryal and Reco- very at Law first had and obtained, to bring into Question and Tryal the Right and Property thereof, the two next Justices of the Peace are hereby required and authorized, upon Complaint of the Party grieved, to remove such Entries "j remove Fuf-and Possessions, and all such Houses, Roofs, Huts, and thatcht Houses, forfcir‘0:is‘ that end so put and erefled, shall cause to be pulled down and destroyed, as if the fame had never been : And the Person or Persons so entred, possessed, or holding, or found doing contrary hereunto, shall be committed to the^j. common Gaol of this Island, there to remain until they have given Recogni- com:ni 5 zance themselves in ten thousand Pounds of Sugar, and two Securities in five thousand Pounds of Sugar apiece for his Appearance at the next General™^"^ Sessions, to be held for this Island, to answer the fame, and in the interim tofions. keep the Peace. At which said Sections the Matter shall be fully examined, and the said Penalty there adjudged, and accordingly paid into the publick Treasury of this Island. And in case of Reliftance by strong Hand or Force against the said Justice or Justices executing herein, by any Party possessed or entred, as aforesaid, and contrary to this Acts the said Justice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to raise the Power of the Country, and proceedTcfcCom,tat:<!‘ against all the Offenders as Rioters or Rebels. And the Justice of the Peace who shall herein fail of executing, as is hereby required, shall forfeit ten thousand Forfeiture-Pounds of Sugar; the same to be recovered in any the Courts of Common Pleas within this Island, by him that shall inform thereof, and sue for the fame; the one Half to the publick Treasury for the Use of the Island, and the other half to the Infofmer.

Provided nevertheless, That this Act, nor anything therein contained. Exception; shall not extend, or be construed to reach or extend to any Entry made upon Breach of Covenants, Conditions, or any Arrearages of Rent, or any such like Cafe, where the Right, Title, or Property is not hereby enforced to, and intended for a Tryal, or brought into Question; or to the formal Entry made for the enfealirig Leases of Ejedment, or Livery of Possessions made thereupon, if the Owner or Tenant thereby shall not be dispossessed. Given under my Hand the 19th Day of March, 1667.

Signed, William Willoughby.

An Act for the speedy recovering the Arrears of several Levies jj* 85. hereafter mentioned\ Obsolete-

An Act for the present Stay of Building in St. Michael’s Tovc7i3 86. until further Consideration. a^ITo1^by

An Act for the speedy finding out, and refioring to the right 87. Owners, what Goods, &c. have hem preservedfrom the &/v?Obf0lete-Fire.

An Act appointing a present Accommodation for His Majesty's 88,

Soldiers lately here arrived, or remaining with us. Obsolete*

An

54

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

312° 89.'

Repealed, and f applied by fe-WeralafterAfts.

An additional Act concerning Slaves.

oMbiae90, J^n aPP°'mt'm£ the last Levy for the Labourers in the Windveard (Regiment, alias) Divisio?t) be changed into Goodsa

312° 91. An Act reducing the Inter eft to ten Pounds for one hundred in one Tear.

[Preamble.]

T I WHEREAS at this time there is a very great Abatement in the Value of Land, Sugar, Cotton, Ginger, and all other Wares, and Commodities of the Growth of this Island, both here, and also in England', and other foreign Parts, whither they are transported : And whereas divers Inhabitants of this Place, as well Planters as Merchants, Farmers of plantations, and Tradesmen, both for their urgent and necessary Occasions, for the following their Trades, and Maintenance of their Stocks and Employments, have borrowed, and do borrow divers Sums of Money, Sugar, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Commodities - but by reason of the said general Fall and Abatement of the Value of Lands, and the Prices of Sugar, and other Merchandize, Wares, and Commodities aforesaid, and Interest in Loan, continuing at so high a Rate as Fifteen Pounds in the Hundred for One Year, doth not only make Men unable to pay their Debts, and continue the Maintenance of Trade, but their Debts daily increasing, they are inforced to fell their Lands and Stock at very low Rates, to forsake the Use of Merchandize and Trade, and to give over their Leases and Farms, and so become unprofitable Members of the Commonwealth, to the great Hurt and Hindrance clause I. of the fame : Be it therefore ordained and enacted, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the Nine and twentieth Day of September next, upon any Contract to be made after the said Nine and twentieth Day of September, shall take di-redtly or indirectly for Loan of any Monies, Sugars, or other Wares, Mer-joi. per cent, chandizes, or Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of Ten Pounds for interest. the Forbearance of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or fhoiter Time. And that all Contrafts for Bonds, Contradts, and Assurances whatsoever, made after the time aforesaid, cSIVoid!P" for Payment of any Principal or Money to be lent, or covenanted to be performed upon or for any Usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the Rate of Ten in the Hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void. And that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, which shall, after the time aforesaid, upon any Contract to be made after the said Nine and twentieth Day of September, take, accept, and receive, by way or means of any corrupt Bargain, Loan, Exchange, Chievefance, Shift, or Interest of any Wares, Merchandizes, or other Tiling or Things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Way or Means, or by any Covin, Engine, or deceitful Conveyance, for the forbearing or giving Day of Payment for one whole Year, of and for their Monies or other Things, above the Sum of Ten Pounds for the Forbearance of one hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Forfeiture. Rate for a lefTer or greater Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time, shalf forfeit and lose for every such Offence, treble the Value of the Monies, Sugars, Wares, Merchandizes, and other things so lent, bargained, exchanged, or shifted.

c

And

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 55

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every CIaufs 1!-Scrivener and Scriveners, Broker and Brokers, Solicitor and Solicitors, Driver and Drivers of Bargains or Contradis, who shall, after the said Nine and twentieth Day of September, fake or receive directly or indirectly any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward or Things for Brokage, Soliciting, Driving, or Procuring the Loan, or forbearing of any Sum or Sums of Money, cvet; or above the Rate or Value of Five Shillings for the Loan, or forbearing of Procur e 5 r. One hundred Pounds Sterling for a Year, and lo rateably j or above Twelve J'J^che Pence for making or receiving of the Bond or Bill for the Loan or Forbear-Bond-ance thereof, or for any Counterbond or Bill concerning the same,7 shall forfeit Forfeiture, for every such Offence Two thousand Pounds of Mufco-vadoe Sugar, and have Imprisonment for half a Year the one Moiety of which Forfeitures to be to the King our Sovereign Lord, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the Tame, in the fame Precincts where the several Offences a.re committed, and not el few here, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Protection to be allowed.

And to the end 'there may be no fhifring Eyafions in Abuse to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as there hath been of the former Act of this Island, by changing the Species of the Debt, sometimes from Money into Sugar and other Commodities, and again at other times from Sugar and other Commodities into Money; wherein the Lender or Creditor working on the Necessity of the Debtor or Borrower, hath set so low a Value on Sugar* when he converteth his Money into Sugar, and on the contrary so high a'

Value on it, when his Sugar Debt or Sugar were to be converted into Money, that by such Shifting, the original Sum lent, hath generally in Two or Three Years at mod been doubled, to the great OpprefTion of the Inhabitants of this Island, and the Scandal of Justice, that have not adjudged such Shifting and indirect Gourfes to be contrary to the former Act; It is hereby acted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be no Change Money inL 3 or Alteration of Money or Wares lent or continued in the Hands of any Bor- 8^0Js’into rower; but that whatsoever is lent or continued shall Hill remain M°iey-unchanged flom the Species it was fTrfh lent in, and that no Commodities be, as aforesaid, changed or shifted into Money, nor Money into Commodities.

And forasmuch as in the Understanding of one Clause of the Act, efta-Preamble, blishing the Courts of Common Pleas within this Island, the Judges of the respective Courts have differed in Opinion and Practice, whereby some In-conveniencies have happened, as well to the Merchant and Trader, as Inhabitants of this Island, by reason that on Recoveries in this Island of Debt payable in England, and there not duly satisfied, some Judges have ordered the Satisfying thereof by Appraisement, some by Sab or Outcry* when as indeed neither of those Courses are directed by the said Act, but done at the Discretion of the Judges : To the end there may be no Failure of Justice, and that every Recovery should be satisfied, for Prevention of which different Proceedings, and for the establishing a just and equal Way for the satisfying such Debts and Recoveries, It is hereby enacted and ordained, and the respective Chafe tv. Judges of this Island are hereby required, upon all such Recoveries now or nereafter to be made by reason of any Contract preceding the Publication this Act, be satisfied and paid by Attachment and Appraisement, and that no ‘ II7’

Sale by Outcry in such Case be allowed : And whatever Recoveries shall hereafter be obtained in any of the Courts of this Island, of Money that were payable in England, and became due by reason of any Contract made after the Publication of this Act, such Money Debts shall be here satisfied by Mufcova-doe Sugar, at Two Pence the Pound; or whatever else shall be attached, where no Mufco'vadoe Sugar can be found, shall be appraised into Muscovadoe Sugar j

56 The LAWS*bf BARBADOES.

and if the Recovery be on Bills of Exchange, Twenty per Cent, to be added, as by the former Law of this Island is appointed. And in ordering and appointing Appraisers, the Judges are to have an especial Care, that they appoint none to appraise, but such as are good and sufficien'c Freeholders. This Act to continue for the Space of Seven Years from the said Nine and twentieth Day of September, and so to the End of the Setting of the Assembly then next following. Given under my Hand the 25th of April, 1668.

Signed., WtUiain Willoughby,

An Act for preventing the Selling of Brandy and Rum in Tip-ling Houses near the broad Paths and Highways within this Island.

FORASMUCH as intolerable Hurts and Troubles to this Island do continually grow and increase through the Multiplicity of such Abuses and Disorders as are daily had and used in unlicens’d Tipling Houses, commonly called Brandy or Rum Houses, which are for the most part situated and erected near to broad Paths or Highways, whereby the Keepers rof such Houses take Advantage to trade and deal with Servants and Negroes for stolen Goods, contrary to Law, and to the great Oppression and Damage of honest and indu-ftrious People. And whereas on Sabbath Days many lewd, loose, and idle People, do usually resort to such Tipling Houses, who, by their Drunkenness, Swearing, and other Miscarriages, do, in a very high Nature, blaspheme the Name of God, prophane the Sabbath, and bring a great Scandal upon true Christian Religion : For Prevention whereof for the future. Be it ordained, and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assessibly, and by Authority of the same, and it is hereby ordained and enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever be permitted or licensed to fell Wine, Brandy, or Rum, or any other strong Liquors in such Tipling Houses, as aforesaid, from and after the first Day of June next ensuing the Date hereof, upon any Pretence whatsoever.

And in case any Person shall, contrary to this Act, obstinately presume to fell such Liquors in such Tipling Houses, as aforesaid, then the Person or Persons so convicted by the Oath ot two or more credible Witnesses, or by the Par-ty’s own Confession, shall, for such their first Offence, forfeit and pay the thefifftof- Sum of five hundred Pounds of Sugar; the same to be levied by Distress, as fence, jn cafg0f Servants Wages, by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace of that Parish where such Offence shall be committed: The fame Forfeitures to be converted to, and reserved for the Use and Maintenance of the Poor of that re-secondcommit- spe<*ve Parish. And in case any Person shall offend the second time in the ted to Gaol., fame Nature, that then the Person or Persons so offending, for such his second Offence,be committed to the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months; and fb for every such Offence so committed after his or their first Conviction j any Law, Usage, or Custom heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding. to&ape£t!nd Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, Towns, That no-Persons dwelling in any the Sea Port Towns or Bays within this island,

war'd 0^0^., and have Licence for the felling Wine, Beer, and other strong Liquors, shall be by this Act debarred to sell the same, except such as live windward o(0ifinis, and to leeward of Six Mens Bay.

Neither shall be construed to extend to the Prohibition of such Person or Persons as are appointed to give Entertainment in their Houses .at the Quarter Sessions, or other Court or Courts of Judicature within the Body of this Island.

J13° 92.

[Preamble.]

Clan re I None to fell Wine neat Highways, noc to be ii-tented.

And

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

57

And forasmuch as it hath been the too long covetous Practices of manyl5reambl-Persons to buy decayed Wines, &c. with Intent and Purpose to vent the lame at great Rates amongst the poor People, who live far up in the Country, by which Means the poorer Sort of Planters and labourers contract many needless Debts, to the great Ruin of themselves and Families, and which tends very much to the Depopulation of this Place, if not timely prevented; Be it clause n. therefore ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, except such as are before in this Act excepted, do after the FirftNoneto fell Day of June next ensuing the Publication hereof, take upon him or them to fell any Wines,-Brandy, or other Liquors, not being the Produce of their own Plantations, under Penalty of losing all such Debts so contracted and tafonT" an’ made.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ac- am Anfcie^in counts. Articles of Accounts, Bills, Bonds, or other Contra As, lo to be made Accounts for or given after the first Day of June next, for the Sale of such strong Liquors void/' *quurs retailed up in the Country, as aforesaid, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be void, null, and of no Effect any Law, Uflige, or Custom heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, ThatN^n"c,fcelpa no Person or Persons within this Island, from and after the Publication hereof,

shall be permitted to keep any Still or Stills for distilling of Rum, except such Person or Persons have Land and Canes of their own, or such as keep refining Houses.

And if any other Person or Persons shall obstinately persist so to do, that then he or they shall abide and undergo the Censure of the next Quarter Sessions, so often as he or they offend in that kind. Given under my Hand the 29th of April, 1668.

Signed, William Willoughby.

An Act to prevent the Abuse of Lawyers, and Multiplicity o/Rj§hjg' Law Suits. I41-

 An Act declaring the Negro. Slaves of this Island to be real 94-Estate.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a very considerable part of the Wealth of this Island consists

in our Negro Slaves, without whose Labour and Service we should be utterly unable to manage our Plantations here, thereby relieving, our own wants, and bringing that considerable Increase of Revenue which this Place affords unto his Majesty's Coffers, as well here as in England. And whereas some Law Suits have arisen, and other great Inconveniencies have followed, where divers Persons dying intestate, have left their Right and interest of their Negro Slaves to be by Law disputed between their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, wherein the various Judgments or Affections of several Courts or Jurors have sometimes found for the one, and at other times for the other:

For a full Remedy of these Inconveniencies, and to the Intent that the Heir and W idow who claims Dower, may not have bare Land without Negroes to manure the fame; and also that the Condition, Right, and Interest of Negroes, to all other Ends and Purposes whatsoever, may be fully known and determined, the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly of Representatives, being willing that all Doubts and Ambiguities herein mould be removed, and the Law in this case declared and put in a Certainty, have ordained and enacted j and it is hereby ordained and enabled by the Deputy Governor, Council, and A$-

H fembly.

58

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Negroes made real Estate.

-S

No need to enroll.

Not to extend to Merchants, Factors, tfre. Importing.

fembly, and by Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof, all Negroe Slaves, in all Courts of Judicature and other Places within this Island, shall be held, taken, and adjudged to be Estate real, and not Chattels, and shall defeend unto the Heirs and Widow of any Person dying intestate, according to the Manner and Customs of Lands of Inheritance held in Fee* Ample.

Provided always, That no Person felling or alienating any of his or her Negroes, is hereby held or obliged to cause such Sale or Alienation to be enrolled, as is accustomed to be done and required by the Law of this Island in the Alienation of other real Estates; any Cfage, Law, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall be taken and deemed to extend unto any Merchant, Factor, or Agent, bringing Negro Slaves to this Island, or having the Consignment of any Slaves unto them. But in all Respects, they, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, may hold, possess, and enjoy such Slave or Negro, in such Condition, as they might have done before the making of this Act, until such Sale of such Slave or Slaves hath been made in this Island. Given under my Hand the 29th of Aprils 166S*

Signed, William Willoughby.

J13° 95- An Act for the Supply of some Words omitted in the former AB} .xpued. bearing Date the 2.6th of April, 166 y. being an Act of Sub-feription.

312° 96- An Act continuing the Committee for settling the Fublish Ac-

Expired. COUntS.

313° 97- An Act for repealing of a former Act, establishing Market-Days.

l’reaaible. \7I WHEREAS by an Act! of this Island, bearing Date the Ninth Day of August^ One thousand six hundred sixty and one, particular Market-Days were appointed and ordered to be kept and held in the Sea Port Towns in this Island, and all Sales thereby restrained to Observance of those Days, and all manner of Contradts thereby, though never so unduly made, seemingly confirmed and warranted; fothat many Evils may ensue to the Inhabitants of this Island, by Chufei. the indirect Practices of many loose and wicked Persons, Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Ninth Day of August, One thousand six hundred sixty and one, whereby the said set Market Days are appointed, be, and is hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, excepting only, and notwithstanding provided, that the felling of Goods attached by the Marshal of the respective Courts upon Execution for Debt, shall be observed and kept upon the said .Days and Times, as by the said Act is appointed, and is directed to be observed in the Act establishing the Courts of Common Pleas of this Island. Given under my Hand the 251th of April) 166S.

Signed, William Willoughby.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

59

An Act for the more speedy Recovery of the Arrears of the 9S* late AH for Labour, &c.

An Act for the Rebuilding the Town of St. Michael's, which R£1:d9b9y\ was lately diminijbedby Tire. At™.

An Act appointing a present Accommodation for His Majesty's Soldiers in this Island.

IOO.

Obsolete.

An Act appointing with what Materials the Town of St. Mi- J13°ior. chael’s is to be built; and a Repeal of a late AB relating ACxfo7d by thereto3 made in April last.

AB AB requiring the Execution of the former ABs3 for Four IOZ-Rounds of Sugar per Acre, Fifteen Pounds of Sugar per Plead, and Six Pounds of Sugar per Acre, and Five Pounds of Sugar per Head3 and Two Pounds of Sugar per Acre.

An Act appointing a further Accommodation of the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's Regiment of Sir Tobias Bridge, Expued‘ within this Island.

An Act appointing Fines upon such as shall refuse military Com-viands for the present Service.

the speedy holding a General Sessions, and Cxaol ^5-

Act 300.

An Act appointing with what Materials the Town of St. Mi- 10° 106. chael’s is to be built and a Repeal of a late AB relatingOhi0leK' thereto, made in April last.

An Act appointing Accommodation of the Soldiers of His Ma- 10j. jessy’s Regiment of Sir Tobias Bridge, to anjiver His Maje-Expred-fly's Commands for their further Stay in this Island.

An Act for regulating and appointing the Fees of the several ji3° ios. O ffices in this Island, and other publick Ministers.

WHEREAS several the Inhabitants of this Island have made many and Preamble, grievous Complaints of the unjust Oppreifions and Exactions of several Persons, under colour of their several Offices hereafter in this Act particularly

expressed j by reason whereof many of them the Inhabitants aforesaid, either

not being able or willing to comply with such exorbitant and illegal Demands,

H 2 have

An Act for Delivery.

60 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

have been necessitated to lose their just Rights, or to fuller great Prejudice in their Af&irs and Concernments, through the' Delay or Want of such just Advantages and Securities, as a dise and right Performance of such Officers in their respective Offices might and ought to afford them : For Remedy whereof for the future, and to the intent all the said several Fees or Demands of the respective Officers or Ministers, due to their Offices and Imployments, may be made certain, or certainly known, and all Delays and Exidions, and unlawful Demands by them be prevented and punished - the Representatives ChuteI- of this Island now assembled, do desire that it may be enacted, and be it ordained, established, and enacted by his Excellency William Lord Willoughby of Parha?n3 Captain General and Governor in chief of this and the rest of the Charibbee Islands, his Council, and Assembly of Represencatives of rhis Island, and by Authority of the same, That none of the Officers, or other Persons, that now do, or hereafter shall belong to, or officiate in any of the Offices or Employments hereafter named and expressed, either by themselves. Deputies, or Clerks, or Servants, shall, after Publication hereof, neglect, refuse, or delay to give due Dispatch to all Persons, as aforesaid, or receive or rake di-Feefortette redly or indirectly, either by Way of Expedition Money, or any other Extor-s,oooolb. of Su- tion, any other Fee or Fees for any Business hereafter nominated, than is for Ear’ the fame in their particular Lift hereafter expressed, under Penalty of forfeiting

and paying Five thousand Pounds of Sugar; the one Moiety thereof to be paid to the publick Treasurer for the time being, and for the Use of this Island; and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the fame in any Court of Common Pleas within this Island - and the Party grieved left to his Action at the Common Law, to recover his Damage on such in^Tiof^his officer or Officers for such his Offence : And the said Officers shall further lose Place, and j his or their Office or Offices, Employment or Employments, and be committed to die Common Gaol without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months } and the same to be immediately executed upon him or them, upon bySeno«hsof^‘s or ^eir Conviction, by the Oaths of Two credible Witnesses, or Confef-twowitnesses, fion of the Party accuied, before the Governor, or any Justice of the Peace; jui?k«.any °ne ‘ind the said Justice of the Peace is hereby impowered and required to execute the same.

clause il A n d to the Intent all due Order may herein be taken and observed, and that the Inhabitants of this Island may not be ignorant thereof. It is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Officers belonging to the Offices hereafter named, do forthwith, after Publication here-in^officeL* of, cause their Fees, with the Prices thereof, according as they are to this Act annexed and set down, to be fairly engrossed and let up in a publick Place where their Offices are kept, and the Business belonging to the said Offices is r>r°Forf-?f for ^one> ar*d not t*e from' thence at such times, under the Penalty of forfeiting St having the and paying One thousand Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar for every such Default

the one Moiety to be to the Treasurer for the time being, for the Receipt of the Excise on Liquors, and for the Use of this Island; and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the fame in any Court of Common Pleas within this Island. ciaHf* nr. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Fees shall be paid in Sugar, or else in Money, at Three half pence per Pound, at the Choice of the Payer. And upon Tender of Sugar to any Officer for the Fees aforesaid, the said Officer is hereby required without Delay to receive the same accordingly : Or if any Question arise concerning the Goodness of the Sugar, then the Officer is hereby further required to accompany the Person that hath made Tender of the lame to the next Justice of the Peace, who is also hereby required to value the fame, and certify the value thereof under

61

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

his Hand; at which Rate or Value the Officer aforesaid, under the Penalty aforesaid, shall accept thereof. Given under my Hand the s>ch Day of November. 1668.

v

Signed, William Willoughby.

The Provofi MarJbaPs Fees. lb. Sugar.

O R Commitment and Release of a Gentleman....... -

For his Diet and Accommodation, if he diet not himselr,-}

Twenty Pounds of Sugar Day----- S

For Commitment and Releaie of an ordinary Person- -

For his Diet and Accommodation, if he finds not himself. Four. Pounds of Sugar per Day, the Provisions for him to be Bonavis, Potatoes, or Bread and Water, of each sufficient; the Justices oft the Town and Parish of St. Michael's shall be, from time to*

time. Judges of what is sufficient-----

For Imprisonment nothing, because the Prison is to be maintain’d?

by His Majesty--s-----—-----— J

For a Warrant of Arrest at the Bridge, or elsewhere in this Island-

For every Man bound to the Peace and good Behaviour, and called? at Sessions on Indictment, or otherwise----- S

40

20

20

04

40

20

5

50

For an Arrest on Board any Ship, besides Twenty Pounds of Sugar;

for Boat-hire-----

For every Warrant of Possession which is directed to the Provost?

Marshal, he serving of which is therefore to have-----——> 25°

For summoning a special Jury and Attendance thereon-----500

For an Habeas Corpus, and Attendance in the Town of St. Michael's# Thirty Pounds of Sugar per Day j at any other Place out of St. C

Michael's Town Forty Pounds of Sugar per Day

For Diet of a Negro, Four Pounds of Sugar each Negro per Day----- 04

For serving all Executions, as the Marshals of the Common Pleas—

For his Fees at Quarter Sessions.

Vide AS for Marshals of Courts.

The CUrk of the Peace his Fees.

FOR every Perfcm quit by Proclamation, being adjudged in-' nocent, or after Punishment, either at the Grand or Quarter*

Sessions -

For every Summons to answer, or at Suit of the Party upon

T raverse----- -

For every Recognizance drawing-----'-----<—

For Traverse in Trespass in Force-----—

For every Warrant of the Peace'-----:----- —

For every Certiorari -

For every Order of Sessions----- -

For every Writ of Restitution----- -

For a Copy of an Indictment' -

For every Supersedeas---- -

For every Licence for Drink annually----- -

80

10

20

80

08

80

40

So

40

20

20

8

For

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

62

lb. Sugar.

For every Recognizance for the fame----- 10

For every Indictment for Riot, CTc. before private Justice-----500

For recording fvery Indenture-----•----- 20

For every Contempt----- 20

The Coroner's Fees.

pi VE hundred Pounds of 'Muscovadoe Sugar, or Money to the-Value in Sugar, at 12 s. 6 d. per Cent. But if the Party be Servant, or one that dieth upon the Account of the Parish, the> Fees to be no more than is established by an Act of this Island

for regulating Servants-

The Clerks of the Chancery and Examiners Fees.

'Or receiving-and engrossing a Bill of Complaint, Four Pounds} of Sugar for every Sheet, each Sheer, one with another, to( comprehend Sixteen Lines, and eight Words in a Line, one with( another—-----

The like for Answers and Demurrers-

The like for Replications-----

The like for Rejoynders-----

For every fort of Subpoena

For entring the Oath that the Subpoena is served-----

For a Warrant of Contempt, where the Defendant appears not—

For a Proclamation of Allegiance-----

For a Commission of Rebellion-----

For entring a Rule or Order of Court-----

For entring the Defendant’s Oath for the Truth of his Bill-

For a Commission to take the Answer in the Country-----

For a Bill of Cost and entring of it-

For a Commission to examine Witnesses in the Country, when by?

reason of Sickness they cannot appear in Court-----

For drawing any Order of the Court, and engrossing of it-----

For all Copies of Depositions, Bills, Replications, Rejoynders, De-' crees, and Orders of Court, &c. Four Pounds of Sugar per( Sheet, as in Original Bills and Answers, each Sheet to contain, as(

aforesaid----- .

For an Injunction-—:---:----—------ -

For issuing Executions on Decrees?-----—?— -

20

04

20

20

100

°3

03

60

12

60

30

40

80

The Serjeant at Arms his Fees.

FOR serving a Subpoena, and making a 'Return thereof-

For serving and returning an Injunction——-----

For serving an Attachment-

For Commitment and Releases-----—----- —

For Diet and Accommodation, Twenty Pounds of Sugar per Day-

20

20

20

40

20

For"

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 63

lb. Sugar.

For an Habeas Corpus, if in the Town of St. Michael's, Thirty Pounds of Sugar per Day j if elsewhere. Forty Pounds of Sugar]

per Day-----

For serving a Decree, as the Marshal at the Common Law-———

Fees to the Ordinary and his Regijier.

FOR proving the Will before the Governor as Ordinary-----

For an Order from the Governor for Letters of Administration

40

40

Fees alloxoed the Governor s Clerks in the naval Office, or in any other Capacity.

s.

d.

FOR recording a Certificate, that the Matter hath given Bond in England

For a Bond here to land Goods in England according to the Act

For a Certificate to the Fort that the Ship is discharged-----—

For a Warrant of Arrest and the Bond-----—-----

For an Order upon a Petition-----——-----

2

1

5

1

6

6

6

o

o

Fees taken by any sworn Surveyors.

FOR every Day he is imployed in measuring of Land, if he give a Plot thereof. One hundred Pounds of Sugar-----————

Justices of Peace Clerk's Pees.

'O R a Warrant -

For recording of an Order-

For a Copy of an Order-----

For an Execution-----:—-

For a Warrant of Contempt-----

Fora Recognizance-----

For a Discharge of a Recognizance-

O 6 O 6

0 6

1 o 1 o 1 o 1 o

An Act for assuring the Satisfaction of what Disbursements HisJ$°l<itl09' Excellency William Lord Willoughby of Parham, Captain General and chief Governor of this and all other the Cha-ribbee Islands, hath been out for this Country.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the publick Ac-*®^ counts of this Island. v*lafterAas-

An

64

The LAWSof BARBADOES.

t° hi,

Obsolete.

313° 112,

Expired.

312° 113. Exp:red.

JI2° 114.

[Preamble,

Claufs I. Carrying Packs from House toHouse forfeits such Warts.

Any JufHco nuy examine and divide the Wares.

Half to tilt Informer, halfta rfre Po.-r.

An Act for the advancing and raising the Value of Pieces of Bighti &c*

An Act appointing a further Accommodation of the Soldiers of His Majesty, in the Regiment of Sir Tobias Bridge, to an-freer His Majesty's Commands for their future Stay in this Island

An Act for the Continuation of the Excise on all JJrong Liquors imported this Island for one Tear.

An Act prohibiting voandring Persons from carrying of Goods and Wares in Packs, or otherxvife, from House to House in this Island.

Forasmuch as the extravagant Wandring of several Persons with their Packs of Wares in and about this Island from House to House, there to make Sale of the fame, hath been found to be very prejudicial to the Inhabitants thereof, not only for that such Toleration is contrary to the whol-some Laws of England, which strictly prohibit all such Pedlars as Vagabonds, but for that it doth also occasion and create many great Mischiefs to this Place, by reason of the continual under-hand Dealing of such Perl'ons every where with Servants and Negroes; whereby they drive on most part of their Trade by trucking for stolen Goods, to no small Damage of honest and industrious Planters, who may, from time to time, supply himself with all forts of Commodities at cheaper Rates from the Merchant, at the several Towns and Store-houses within this Island : Be it therefore ordained and enabled by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and Authority of the same, That all such Persons, as shall presume so to travel, wander, or go from House to House in this Island with such Packs or Wares to fell to any Inhabitants, Servants, or Slaves whatsoever, shall forfeit his or their Wares and Commodities whatsoever so carried, as aforesaid and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatsoever to apprehend and take such Person and Persons so wandring, travelling, and carrying Goods, in manner aforesaid, and him or them to carry before the next Justice of the Peace to examine the fame; and if upon his Examination he shall find the Person or Persons so brought before him to be Offenders against this Act, that then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to divide all and every the said Goods and Wares, lo carried, as aforesaid, according to the best of his Judgment, and the one half to give and deliver to such Person or Persons that shall apprehend such Person or Persons so offending, as aforesaid, and the other half forthwith to deliver over to the Overseers of the Poor of that Parish where the Person or Persons so offending shall be apprehended, seized, or taken the lame to be to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, who is to give an exact Account thereof to the Vestry of each such Parish.

Provided always, That no Persons shall be deemed to be Offenders against this Act for carrying any the Growth of this Island. This Act to take

Force

8

The L AW S <of BARBADOES. 65

’•u__________ ~-----:-----

Force Ten Days after Publication hereof, and not sooner. Given under my Hand the 19th of February, 1668.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

An Act Shore.

to prevent taking away Sand and Stones from the M°j.x$.

An Act for Repeat of the Qlause hereafter mentioned, and JB® ll6° contained in an Act lately made and dated the 2gth of April, 1668, intituled, An Act reducing Interest to Ten Pounds of Sugar for One hundred Pounds of Sugar for One;

Year.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an A<3 of this Island bearing Date the Twenty ninth of

Aprils One thousand six hundred sixty eight, intituled, An Act for reducing the Interest to "Ten for One hundred in One fear, It is in a latter Clause in the said Act declared and enacted, That whatsoever Recoveries shall hereafter be obtained in any the Courts of this Island, of Monies that were payable in England) and became due by reason of any Contract made after the Publication of the said Act, such Money Debts should be here satisfied by Mufco-*vadoe Sugar, at two Pence per Pound or whatever else should be attached, where no Mufconcadoe Sugar could be found, should be appraised into Mufco-cvadoe Sugar > and if the Recovery be on Bills of Exchange, Twenty per Cent. to be added. And whereas it is round by Experience, that the Consequence thereof tends to the impairing of the Credit and Trade of this Island j Be it therefore enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by chute t. the Authority of the same, That the said last Clause in the said Act, intituled.

An Act for the reducing the Interest to ten for one hundred in one fear, and every thing therein contained, as is here before recited* shall be, and is hereby from henceforth repealed* annulled, and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,- That front hence- Clause it' forth, upon the Protest of a Bill or Bills of Exchange here produced or sued for, ten per Cent, and no more, shall be taken or allowed; and lb in Proportion for a greater or lesser Sum, for the Damage and Interest, for the Value of the Bill so protested, as aforesaid. Given under my Hand the 19 th of February,

1662.

Signed, Chtifiopher Coddrington.

An Act impoxvering the Freeholders of St. Jatnesa»d Olrrift ir^ Church to meet and choose a Vefiry of Freeholders in theowa*.; said Parishes.

An additional AB to the ABs of the Militia now in Force in this Island\

10° 118.

Repeated by several after Affs.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

66

E^pred.119' % the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, An Act concerning the Excise.

3®o 120. An Act impovoering Mr. Thomas Pargitor to receive> from the Expired. People of the Jews Nation in this Island\ what remains due of their Contribution towards the defraying of the "Discharge of the Disbursements made by the said Pargitor, for his Excellency Francis Lord Willoughby’s Expedition agamji His Majesty's Enemies at the Leeward Islands.

312° 121.

Repealed by Act i aS,which is become ob-folete;

312°

122.

An Act to prohibit the bringing of Heading and Timber from Surinam.

An additional A3 concerning the Conveyance of Estates.

Clause I. Recital of a former Act.

Clause ll.' Deeds to be acknowledged before the Governor, or one of the Judges.

WHEREAS by an Act of this Eland made the eleventh Day of September, One thousand six hundred forty and nine, intituled, An Act ccu-ceming the Conveyance of Estates j the Preamble whereof runs in these following Words, For that the King’s Writs do not run here, whereby Fines and tc Recoveries cannot be here had and levied as in England, and yet here is as cc much and more Use and Need of them; for that few Men come to this te Eland with Intention to settle themselves and Posterities; but for the most cc part to gain and increase their Estates, and then to fell their Lands and return; which oftentimes cannot well be done, nor with Security to the Pin-chafer, " for want of such Fines and Recoveries, without some Act be made to supply the fame, drc. It was enacted, That a Deed in due Form of Law made, and within Three Months of the Date thereof acknowledged before the Resident Governor for the time being, or before some one of the chief Judges of one of the Courts of Justice within this Eland, by all the Parties that grant or pass away any Lease for above the Term of three Years, or any Freehold or Inheritance by such Deed, or by so many of them as shall be living, or by any other Person or Persons lawfully authorized under Hand and Seal, to convey and grant the fame (so the fame be recorded at length in the Secretary’s Office of this Eland within the said three Months) shall te be valid, to pass the fame without Livery, Attornment, or any other Act or Ceremony whatsoever. And that no Deed hereafter, without such Acknowledgment and Enrollment, shall pass any Estate of Freehold or Inhe-<r ritance, or any Lease, above the Number of three Years." Which before jecited Clause, as well negative as affirmative, was, on the seventh of Oflo-ber, One thousand fix .hundred fifty and two, repealed.; and supplied by one Act, containing as followeth,.ct That no Deed mall be sufficient in Law to " bar a real Purchaser to pass any Estate of Land, unless the fame be acknow-<c ledged before the Governor, or one of the chief Judges of one of the *5 Courts within this. Eland, and enrolled at length in the Secretary’s Office £C within, three Months of the Date and Delivery thereof : And in case, the <e Grantor shall refuse, or doth nor, on Summons, appear to acknowledge the fame, then upon Proof made by any of the Witnesses before such Governor *c or Judge, that the said Deed was duly sealed and t delivered within the said time, mall be sufficient for recording the fame." Which said Act, made Amo One thousand six hundred fifty and two, not being made under kingly

Authority,

CC

cc

The LAWS of BARBADOES,

67

Authority, became void immediately on His Majesty's h.;ppy Restoration 5 and thereby the former revived, yet so unobserved not only by the general Body of the Inhabitants of this Place, but even by the Ministers and Courts of Justice, that the Apprehension, Use, and Practice., settled by the said Act in One thousand six hundred fifty and two, hath continued even to this present Day.

By which Misapprehension and yet Re-establishnient of the afore recited Clause of that Act made Anno One thousand six hundred forty and nine, without due Provision, would occasion many and great Inconveniencies to the Inhabitants of this Place, the Representatives of the Inhabitants of His Majesty's Island do therefore desire that it may be declared and enacted, audit is here-thereof Arts, by enacted and declared by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Alfem b ly,1cnufe5iir. and by Authority of the same, That no Deed made since the eleventh of September, One thousand six hundred forty and nine, or that hereafter shall be made, shall be sufficient in Law to bar a real Purchaser, unless it be acknowledged and proved before the Resident Governor, or chief Judge of one of His Majesty's Courts of Common Pleas within this Island for the time beingj and recorded at length in the Secretary’s Office of this Island within three Months after the Enfealing and Delivery thereof, in case the said Purchaser be ignorant of any former Conveyance thereof. But in case any Person hath or^f^ shall purchase any Plantation of Land that he knoweth already fold ro, and by menc.

Deed or Deeds conveyed to another, notwithstanding the said Deed whereby it is conveyed to the first Purchaser be, through Ignorance, Miftiap^ or Negligence, not duly acknowledged, proved, or recorded, as aforesaid, such former Deed, though defective, as aforesaid, shall stand good to bar the latter Purchaser, notwithstanding the aforesaid Defect; it being the foie and true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, and was also of the afore recited Clause of that Act made Anno One thousand six hundred forty and nine, as by the afore recited Preamble appears, notwithstanding the latter negative part of the said Clause seems to the contrary. That a real Purchaser not informed of any former Sale, either by the Records, whereof he must not be ignorant, or other-Fine and wife of his own Knowledge of good Information, should be as well fe cured l" *"*

in his Purchase of Lands here, by Deed fitly made, and duly acknowledged, or proved and recorded, as by Fine and Recovery he might of Lands in England in which Serife, and no other, was the aforesaid Clause intended.

An1> it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Clauseiv. no other Sense or Interpretation ought to be, or shall be given of the afore recited Clause of the said Act made Anno One thousand six hundred forty and nine, or any part of the said Clause, either affirmative or negative, any Words or Expressions seeming or being to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. Given under my Hand the 24th Day of May, 1669*

An Act for the more advantageous Hanging of Coppers and M° 124, Stills. Expiredl

An Act appointing a Committee for settling all puhlich Accounts jQo i2^ of this Island\ and receiving and paying all its just*. Credits*5' and Debts,

Sigiled, Christopher Coddrington.

An

68

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Jl*2° i Expired.

z 6. ASl for the Continuation of the Bxcije oii all firong Liquors imported this Island for six Months next coming.

1B° 127.

Obsolete.

An Act about Surinam. and is obsolete.

Another AB after made for Repeat\

J!3°

I28- An Act appointing Bench ABions, and the Maimer of proceeding therein.

Clerk robe pailjj. for the Entry.

[Preamble.]

1 ’OR ASMUCH as daily Experience doth manifest the several Inconve-Jl niencies which befal both Plaintiff and Defendant, especially the poorer fort of this Island, for want of Tryal of small Actions by the Bench, as hath been heretofore accustomed, the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly* ciaurel. defiling to put a Remedy to the fames have enabled and ordained, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the said Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and the Authority of the same, that from and after the Date hereof all and evety Person and Persons suing in any Court of Common Pleas in this ‘ ,o?ib'cotran’^an<^» for any Sum or Sums not exceeding one thousand Pounds of Sugar, I/°steri. t be’ of five hundred Pounds of Cotton, or hot above eight Pounds Sterling, whe-Bencii Atuon. tjier by gjj. Accotmt5 or otherwisej are to file their Adfcions with the Clerks The Form of of the respective Courts of Common PleaSj in as short a Method and Form as such action. niay be, setting forth the Sum or Sums duej and to carry the said Clerk a Copy thereof who is to atreft the fame, and to deliver the Copy thereof so attested to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, together with a Warrant accustomed; for which Filing, Attesting, and Warrant, he is to receive two Shillings, and not more : Which Warrant and Declaration being carried to the Marshal of the said Court, he by himself, or Deputy, is to give Summons to the Defendant or Defendants, in the Precindis to the said Court belonging, in such Manner, and within such Time, and with such Return of the said Summons, as is appointed by the ASt of judicial Proceedings, and as it is to all other Actions now accu-Marihair j. Homed and appointed j for which he is to receive for his Fee One Shilling Ster-Parties to ling, and not more and that as well the Plaintiffs as Defendants in such Action appear the 3d need not appear till the third Court following such Entry and Summons; and ourt' at the said third Court, the Debt or Debts in Question are then to be heard One or more and examined by one or more Justices of the said Court, and by him or them and d«emSner to he ascertained, who are to make and enter an Order upon the said Hearing what is justly due, that Execution may issue thereon for the fame j and that then the like Proceedings may then after be had as in other Cafes. But if at the third Court the Matter cannot be clearly decided, and the Debt not ascertained, as that the Defendant will plead thereto, and have the lame tried by a Jury, then that the fame be done at the said third Court, without sufficient Matter {hewed to the Court to give further Time, and to give and allow all a« charge a- Charges against the Defendant in such Cases, as is accustomed in other Actions. foi'dant,ie De* But where the Matter is decided by the Bench, then no Charge to be allowed for Attorneys Fees on either fide, but the Fees aforesaid for the Entry and the Marshal s Summons. And if the Defendant appears not at the said third Court, if heappea* being called, then that he be condemned by Tv/M die it, and Execution to issue not the |d thereon accordingly. And for the Entry of the Order or Sentence so made by

court, emcu- tjje gench} as aforesaid, the Clerk to receive one Shilling Sterling, and not more s and that the Clerks of the respective Courts keep a Book for such Entry

Order or Sen< tence s t.

IBUOM

iBscasss

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

try and Record, and make plain and fair Entries in such Cases; any thing contained in any Law to the contrary notwithstanding. Given under my Hand the 2 2d of December, 1669.

Given under my Hand

Signed, Christopher Coddrington. An Act concerning Spanish Money.

An additional AB relating to the Militia;

Repealed.

I2o. Ofafalete.

J13" 130.

A?i AB appointing Overseers of Plantations to officiate and aB 3130 i3I, as Surveyors of the Highways and ConJlahleSi

ORASMUCH as several of the most eminent Plantations in modPa-Prea-nbie.

rishes of this Idand do little or no parochial Duties, by reason the respe-dtive Owners of such Piantations have rehiOved themselves to England, or elsewhere, and in their place and stead have left their particular Attorneys, Agents, and Overseers, to manage their Estates for them in their Absence, whereby the Country hath not only a far less Choice of able Men to officiate in the highest Places of Trull, but the Burthen liketvile of inferior Officers doth thereby lie moire heavy upon the poorer fort of People : To the intent therefore that each Plantation may bear (so far as is possible) its equal Share in the Performance of such Duties, Be it ordained and enarted, and it is hereby ordained and clausei.; enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions or Vestries of each Parish within this Island, asons,or Vestry-in other Cafes hath been accustomed at their Election of Officers, to nominate,™5"’welett-J constitute, and appoint, as to their Discretion shall seem most meet, any chief Overseer or Overseers, Attorney, or Agent, living upon any of the said Plantation or Plantations within this Island, containing threescore Acres of Land, or ^car"^tion more, and whose Owner or Owners at such time or times of Election of Officers shall not be resident within this Island, to serve as Surveyors of the Highways, or as Constables j any Law, Usage, or Custotn heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That in clause K-case any Overseer, Attorney, or Agent, as aforesaid, so elected and chosen to serve as Surveyor or Constable, as aforesaid, shall, after due Notice given, neglect or refuse to be sworn, and officiate either by himself, or approved Deputy, at the Charge of the Plantation, in his respective Office, that then every such Overseer shall, out of his proper Estate, forfeit Two thousand Pounds of Muf- Refuting to covadoe Sugar for such his Offence : the same to be levied by way of Distress^/"sugar, by Warrant or Precept under the Hand of any Justice of the Peace within such’™.^"1^ Parish where such Offence is committed. And in case no Estate of such Over- re seer, Attorney, or Agent, so offending, as aforesaid, to that Value can be found, then the said Justice of the Peace is hereby impowered and required to commit finknf"to'bfSm-to Gaol every such Person so offending, till he shall pay the same, or perform his Duty herein required. Rerfom!wce,

All which Forfeitures are hereby appointed to be employed and laid out in and toward the Maintenance of the Poor of each respe&iVe Parish where such Offence shall be committed. Given under my Hand the 23d of December, 1669*

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

8

An

70

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Edited!3 Act AB for the Settlement of the Governnieitt of this Island.

ixlrei33' t^le Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, concerning the Excise.

Expired134> additional AB to the AB, intituled, An Act appointing

a Committee for settling publick Accounts of this I Hand, and receiving and paying all its just Credits and Debts.

ii3o 135. An Act for Continuance of the Ex rife*

Exphed.

Eg;ed^6- An additional AB for the further Continuance of the Author rity of the Commissioners for the publick Revenue of this Island.

j$o I37 An additional AB to the AB concerning the Conveyance of £-fates*

[Preamble.]

I .'O RAS MUCH as by a good, wholsome, and beneficial Law of this JP Island, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of September, in the Year of our Lord, One thousand six hundred forty nine, intituled, An A£i concerning the Conveyance of Estates; and by the Addition thereunto made the one and twentieth Day of September, in the Year of our Lord, one thousand six hundred sixty and one, generally called The Act of JSlon Claim, amongst other things therein contained, is limited and appointed the certain Times wherein Persons are to make their Claims to Lands and Tenements in this Island : But for that it is not therein ascertained and appointed in what manner, or how such Claims are to be made to Lands and Tenements, so that the Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas are left to their own Judgments and Opinions, what is or may be a Claim in such Cases, whereby great Hurts may redound to the Inhabitants, Possessors of Lands and Tenements, in case the Judges of the several Courts of Law should differ or vary in Judgment in the manner of Claim, or allow of any other Claim than is hereafter mentioned and declared. And to the Intent that the fame may be ascertained, and the Pbfleflors of Lands and Tenements allured how and in what manner Persons having or laying Claim to any Lands or Tenements in their Possessions j and also all Persons. having Right or Title to Lands or Tenements, may know how to claim or demand their Right in such Cases j and that the Judges of the respectclause 1. tive Courts of Common Pleas for the future may not vary herein. The Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, have thought fit to declare, and they do Claim raved by hereby shew and declare. That all manner of Persons whatsoever that are con-Action entred, cerned to make Claim to any Lands or Tenements within this Island, so as to and not other- mahe their Claim effectual, are to make Claim by their Action at Law duly

entrea

71

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

entred in the Offices of the Courts where the Lands or Tenements are, according to the Forms, Practice, and Rules of the said Courts; to which Action the Tenants or Person in Possession are to receive Summons from the said Court.*

And that all Judges and Courts of Common Pleas do allow of no other judges and Claim to Lands or Tenements for any Persons Plaintiffs in any Suit or Suits he-^j,u^;{sn"^t'er fore them, than what is to be made by their Action on Record, and Summons claims, given, in manner aforesaid, and not otherwise; any Law, Usage, Custom, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas Persons, having or pretending Rights and Titles to Lands and Tenements in the PoifeiTion of others, having once made their Claim within the Times limited and appointed in the said Act, may for ever then after keep their Pretence of Right or Title to the fame, by bringing their Action or Actions by way of Claim at Law once in Five Years, and so again in Five Years after, and so vex and trouble the Persons in Possession in such manner for ever : The Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, for Pre- ciaure n. vention and Removal of so great an Inconveniency, do therefore declare and enact, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That all Persons whatsoever, that shall hereafter make their Claim to any Lands and Tenements within the Time limited in the said Act, do, by the said Action, or by some other To bring AdH-Action (if brought in the Five Years then next after) bring the same to"0’Tr)J.c'lls Tryal, and the fame Tryal to be conclusive and definitive on the Plaintiff’s part to

forever, and never to bring any Action then after for the fame, but to be Tor and a Bar. ever barred; any Law, Usage, Custom, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

And forasmuch as the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, 'havingPreamble, duly consulted the said Act, and the said Addition thereto, do find, that the said Act being pleaded in Bar by the Possessors of Lands or Tenements against Persons, who have not made their Claim within the Time limited therein, such Persons so neglecting their Claim become utterly barred $ but doth not provide, that all manner of Persons whatsoever, that shall at any time clairri '*-under such Person or Persons, who have lost their Claim, shall be in like manner barred by the said Act, if pleaded; nor that the said Act, or such Parts thereof as concern the Matter aforesaid, can be given in Evidence to a Jury; upon Tryal of any such Matter or Right to the Lands or Tenements in Que-ftion between Party and Party $ which if it had provided and enacted, would have been, and hereafter would be, much to the Quiet of the Inhabitants of this Island : And to the Intent and on purpose that such Quiet may hereafter be to the said Inhabitants* It is ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor,

Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That in all fudr clause rii. Cafes, where any Person or Persons whatsoever have lost their Claim to any Lands or Tenements in this Island, that all Persons whatsoever claiming under any such Person, who have so lost their Claim* shall be utterly barred to aA JJd^I?10ncIa0!ms Intents and Purposes whatsoever; the fariie to be duly pleaded in Bar, or given ba^ed,3 hVS3 in Evidence to a Jury, upon the Tryal of any such Right j and that the saidbarred-Act, and Addition thereto, or such Clause or Clauses in them* or either of AttofNon-them, as relate to the Matter aforesaid, shall be given in Evidence to a Jury^jgJP^f upon Tryal, as aforesaid; and that all Judges and Courts of the Common given in <-Pleas, upon such Tryals, accept the same as Evidence, fofaras the same shall judge to «i-concern the said Matter in Difference* -•*' '• i’low it.

And whereas it is provided in the said Act, That where a Man and his Wife in this Island are willing to alierie and fell Lands, which is held in right of the|

Wife, they appearing before any chief Judge, and acknowledging their Deed, mentioning the fame with intent to pass away the Land, and duly recorded in the publick Register, shall be effectual to convey thie fame, as if it- had been done in England by Fine and Recovery : But provideth not, where any Man and his Wife, so having Lands in this Island, living in any Parts remote, may

8 by

72

The LAWS of BARBADOES*

i^Mdwtfe by any way convey the fame therefore the Deputy Governor, Council, and rffull Age, or Assembly, do hereby enaCi and ordain, and it is hereby ordained and enact-aKeneSS* ed, That if any Man and his Wife, of full Age, or Woman Sole, by their Deed of Sale, or any other Instrument sufficient to that Intent, if*residing in the so*. England, Scotland, or Ireland, or any other His Majesty's Dominions, shall appear before any of His Majesty's Judges of any Court of Law, or Mayor of any City or Corporation, or before the chief Governor of any Island or Place where they live and inhabit, and shall acknowledge the fame in which Acknowledgment the Woman do declare her voluntary and free Consent, without Threats or Force of her Husband j and the same shall be ib sent over, and truly certified under the Seal of the Judge^ Mayor, Corporation, or Governor, to this Island, and recorded here at length in the Secretary’s Office within Twelve Months then next after such Acknowledgment, shall be as effectual to convey the Land therein contained, as if the fame had been done in this Island, according as in the said Act is provided } any Law, Usage, or Cu-ftom to the contrary notwithstanding. Given under my Hand the 11 th Day of August, 1670.

Signed, Christopher Coddrmgton.

AB to give Encouragement to all Persons to bring Servants

Commission.

*39- An Act to prevent Spiriting People off this Island.

[Preamble.]

1 ^OR ASMUCH as several ill-disposed People have lately gone off this JT1 Island, and others yet remaining nave and do, by evil Practices, Infinua-tions, and Devices, to and with many Freemen, whose Times of Service have been lately expired, as also other Artificers and small Settlers in this Island, inticed, spirited, and carried many such hence to other Settlements, by taking them obliged Servants to serve from their Arrival for Time for their bare Transportation, or other small Considerations, promising them great Quantities of Land and other Benefits in such remote Parts, when as they are no sooner arrived, but are fold and hurried from Place to Place, and become in no other Quality, or little, better, than Slaves, being utterly deceived and ruined, and their honest Expectations altogether frustrate, grounded on Promises tending to their Benefit, when as they become Merchandize after long Service already performed, notwithstanding they may have here a comfortable Living and Gain for easy Labour : For the preventing of such evil Practices for the future, the clausei. Deputy Governor, Council, and Representatives of this Island qow assembled, do therefore ordain and enact, and it is hereby ordained and enacted, That Nonetocariy whatsoever Person or Persons shall, after Publication hereof, bargain, contract, swvica,^215 'or aSree to carry off this Island any Person or Persons to serve for Time, be it long, or be it short, in any Place whatsoever, for his, her, or their Passage or Transportation, or for Debt, or Pretence thereof, designing to evade the Penalty hereafter mentioned, wherein any time of Service is to be given as Recompence, for every Person so contracted with, he shall be deemed a Transgressor Contraft void, of this Law, and every such Contract or Agreement utterly void; and for eve-Forfeits 4,000 rY such, .Offence or .Breach shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Four thousand lb. of Sugar. Pounds of Mufiovadoe Sugar, the one Half to him that shall inform for the fame, the other Half to the Use of this Island, to be recovered by Action of

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

73

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, the next Court after the Entry of such Bill,court*'ltl Plaint, or Information, if the said Informer delire the same.

Provided always, and it shall be lawful for any Persons going off with a Family, or fending to any other Settlement in his own Right and Interest, to fend off any Person thither, not Servant to another, nor himself, without the Servant’s own Consent, having first observed the Rule and Practice of Persons going hence, having a Ticket, as is accustomed, so as none be fen: off, as aforesaid, for their Passage or any small Debt, wherein Service in another Place is contracted for, or to be the Recompence.

And it is further enacted, That whosoever shall, by himself or any other, chuiiu. fend off this Island any Person that hath Wife or Children, and leave his f;ud^H^a"f~ AVife or Children behind him, who may become chargeable to the Parish Man from hu where they live, that such Person or Persons so offending, shall be obliged todren^raimin-' beep and maintain them at his or their proper Charge, or else be liable to such

fine or Mulct, as shall be imposed by the Vestry of the Parish where they did by the Vestry. then reside. Which Vestry is hereby impowered to appoint the said Fine, and to proceed for the fame, as in case of Servants AVages : The Fine to be appointed to be for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

And in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any time hereafter have a Ticket from the Secretary’s Office in this Island to depart hence in any Ship or Vessel, and shall afterwards deliver over the said Ticket to any other, whereby such Person is carried off7, when he is not really the fame therein named, by means whereof great Deceits and Damages oftentimes happen to the Inhabitants of this Island; It is ordained and enabled by the Deputy Governor, 0Chufe_liL Council, and Representatives of this Aland, and by Authority of the same, That Ticket, and tic-whosoever shall receive a Ticket out of the Secretary’s Office, and deliver it over, as aforesaid, so as another Person is carried off, or shall tender the same to^n^r^orc3i:* any Master of Ship or Vessel to be carried off by Virtue of the fame, for such nc 0 his Offence, and evil Intention of Hurt and Damage towards the Inhabitants here, and upon Conviction thereof before the Justices of the Peace at their.

Quarter Sessions, shall be sentenced to stand in the Pillory in feme publick Piuor^j'bays, Place in the Town of St. Michael's in this Island, Three several Days, with a Paper on his Head in great Letters declaring the said Deceit, and receive Twenty Lashes on the bare Back, unless the Party who first received the said Ticket; by any Accident or otherwise losing the fame, forthwith declare the Loss thereof to feme One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace next where the Ship lies, who is hereby required to give Notice thereof to the Master of such Ship to whom the Ticket is directed, or otherwise use all Diligence to prevent such Evil as may ensue upon such Loss of the said Ticket. Given under my Hand the nth of August, i6jo.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

An additional Act to the Act for establishing the Courts of j^o 14<3j Common Fleas within this Island.

FORASMUCH as by an Act of this Island, intituled, An Act for efla-blishing the Courts of Common Pleas within the fame3 amongst other things it is thereby enabled, relating to Executions in the following Words, That tc if it shall appear to the Judge of the Court, by the Confession of the Party,

" or the Oath of Two credible "Witnesses, that he (meaning the Defendant)

" hath made away any of the Cattle, Stock, or other Goods, after the fame f hath been legally attached, whereby the Plaintiff is disappointed of his Pay-8 K c' ment.

74

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

ment, or some part thereof, such Person, for such his Offence, is by the said " Judge immediately to be committed to Prison without Bail or Mainprize. But since the making the said Act, the Clause aforesaid hath been found to be inconvenient, in that if any Person’s Goods or Chattels being in Execution, and he making away the fame, it is not only inconvenient, but impossible for the Plaintiffs, in any Execution, to make Proof thereof by Witnesses, whereby the Plaintiffs are not only retarded from their just Debts, but left without Remedy for obtaining the fame : For Remedy whereof, the Deputy Governor, Council, and Representatives of this Istand now assembled, do ordain and en-act, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That where any Goods or Chattels whatsoever, that are or hereafter shall be legally attached, and left in the Debtors Hands j and after the Expiration of Eighty Days, if the Marshal Hull duly summon the Debtor or Debtors to bring down the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes so attached, to the Market, there to be sold according to law in inch Cafes made and provided and in case the fame be not brought or sent to the Market accordingly, that in such Cases it shall not be required of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to make Proof by the Defendant’s Confession, or by Witnesses, that the Defendants have wilfully made away such things attached : But if the Debtor shall not make it appear to the Judge of the Court of that Precinct from whence bro^ht «> the Execution issued, that such things attached are without his Default mifear-WadSt by the ried, it shall be taken for granted, that he or they are guilty of making them a-construai to be way, and the Judge of the said Court is then to proceed, as by the said hit is |»act,a*av.by provided j any thing to the contrary in any Law notwithstanding. Given under e " ‘' my Hand the 18 Day of October, 1670.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

141. A Repeal of an intituled, An Act to prevent Mnltipli-obroiete. city of Lawyers and Law Suits.

30° 142. An Act to prevent Abuse of Lawyers, and Multiplicity of Law-Suits.

FORASMUCHas many Complaints have been lately made, that several Persons Pleaders at Law in the Courts within this Istand, as Council or Attorneys, have been too much exacting in their Fees, to the great Burthen of the Inhabitants of the fame,- and it oftentimes happeneth, that many of them are retained on one side in one Cause, so that their Pleadings have been often reiterated, and the Courts much troubled thereby, and more than necessary Time spent in hearing such causes : For Prevention whereof for the fu-Clause 1. ture. Be it ordained and enacted, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof, no Person whatsoever shall employ or To employ but entertain in any one Cause more than Two Attorneys, upon pain of Two in one Cause/ thousand pounds of Sugar to be set upon the Party, so offending, as a Fine by te*of sugar" ^°urt3 where and when the Cause is in trying, and to be committed to the Marshal of the Court for the present, and then to the Provost Marshal, till he pay the same: And that upon any Bill of Costs, the Court shall tax no more CostrooU. t^ian Dne hundred Pounds of Sugar in any plain Cause, and but Two hundred and xoo°ib. of Pounds of Sugar in any special Cause, for Lawyers Fees: And if the Client be fomeylFwx willing to pay Money, it shall not be refilled at Twelve shillings and six pence the Hundred Pounds of Sugar.

And

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 75

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney ’]*

refuse to plead any Man’s Cause whatsoever, wherein he is not retained against plead every him, upon the Tender of such a Fee to him, as aforesaid, having respect tofofhi* fee" his Oath herein after expressed; nor shall directly nor indirectly take more Fees "ke na than before set down, or offend against this Act in any particular, upon Pain of being debarred for ever pleading more in any Court of this Island; And that all Judges of any of His Majesty's Courts whatsoever within this Land, are’hereby impowered and required, at the next Sitting in their respective Courts, toadnii-nifter the following Oath to all the Attorneys whatsoever, before they be admitted to plead in any Cause whatsoever, as followeth

YOU shall do no Faljhood, nor consent to any to be done in this Court; and if you know of any to be done, you shall°sth-give Knowledge thereof to the judge and his Assiflants of the said Court, that it may be reformed: Tou shall delay no Man for Lucre or Malice, nor shall increase no Fees, but be contented with, and neither direct, or indirectly take more than the set Fees in this Act : Tou shall plead no Foreign Plea, nor sue Fo-reign Suits unlawfully, to hurt any Man, but fitch as shall fiand with the Order of Law and your Conference : Tou shall not wittingly nor willingly sue, nor cause or procure to he filed\ any false Cause nor Suit, nor give Aid or Consent to the fame, upon Fain of being expulsed this Court for ever. And further, you shall demean your self in the Office of Attorney within this Court according to your Learning and Discretion : So help you God.

Given under my Hand this 19 th Day of Offobef, 1670.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

An Act for the Retailing of Wines and other strong Liquors to ji3° 143. be Jold by the Retailers. Expired.

An Act for the Trying all Petty Larcenies at the several Quar- 313° 144* ter Sessions held within this Tfland.

FOR A S MU CH as there are many vagrant People in this Island, Whereby PreirnWe* small Thefts are daily increased, and the Inhabitants' ttxuch troubled; and such loose Persons being often taken, are fetit to the Goal, and there lie for many Months, and become of great Charge and Trouble, and take much time at the General Sessions : For Prevention whereof for the future. Be it ordained asiuftI, and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and the Representatives now assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all such Persons that at any time hereafter shall be sent or committed to the publick Goal for any Theft not exceeding Petty Larceny, that the Person so complaining against them, be p^son,^ bound to appear and prosecute them at the then next Quarter1 Seraons to be held forming,bound for the Town of St. McbaiTs.

K a A mb?

76

The LAWS of BARBADOES,

Clause IL

Clause III.

"What Fees to be paid.

And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That His Majesty s Justices of the Peace of the PariOi of St. Michael's, for the future, have hereby full Power and Authority to hear, examine, and feritence such Offenders to all Intents and Purposes, as if the tame were done at the General Sessions and Goal Delivery for this Island and that the Provcft Marshal for the time being, from time to time, carry such Persons to the said Quarter Sessions, and obey the Warrants and Commands of His Majesty's Justicesin the due Prosecution hereof.

And be it further ordained and enacted, and it is hereby ordained and enacted, That whatsoever Person or Persons accused for any Crime or Crimes, and having had their Tryal and acquitted, or otherwise discharged from the Fact laid to their Charge, that it shall not be lawful for the Provost Marshal, or any other Keeper or Officer whatsoever, to detain him or them for any Fees, but to take One shilling and six pence for the Fees of Turnkey, and none other.

And all such Persons as shall at any time hereafter be taken for the Offence of Petty Larceny, and finding Bail to appear in another Parish than the Parish of St. Michael's, then that His Majesty's Justices proceed to try and sentence the lame in their Quarter Sessions, according to Law, in the Precincts where they are taken, as fully as is before in this Act let down; any Law, Custom, or Ufiige to the contrary notwithstanding. Given under my Hand the 21st of October } 1670.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

&° 145- An ABJor the Regulating and Appointing the Fees of the Secretary of this Island.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it hath been taken into serious Consideration, the great Burthen the several Inhabitants of this Island have long sustained and complained under, by reason of the extraordinary Rates and Prices unduly exacted and taken under Colour of Fees, contrary to an Act of this Island, by the Secretary in all Offices of Trust where he immediately by himself, Deputy, or Servants, doth act : For Remedy whereof for the future, and to the intent all the said several Fees and Demands of the said Secretary in his several Offices may be certainly made known, and all Exactions and unlawful Demands by Clause 1. him, or his Deputy or Servants, be prevented and punished. Be it enacted, ordained, and established by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That if the Secretary, either as Secretary, or as he is capacitated to act in any other publick Office within this Island, by himself, Deputy, Clerk, or Servants, shall, after Publication hereof, receive or take directly or indirectly, either by way of Dispatch or Expedition Money, any other Fee or Fees for- any Buuness hereafter nominated, than is for the lame hereafter expressed and annexed thereunto (the lame being according to a former Act, and what were taken in the time of Thomas NoeU Esqj then Secretary of this Island, and now granted to John "Daws Esqj by His Majesty's Ft°u forfeit betters Patents) under Penalty of forfeiting all such publick Offices wherein dfficef 61,5 he shall act within this Island. And whatsoever he, or any Secretary, or his or Proceeded a. t^e"r Deputies, for the future, shall take contrary to this Act, shall be proceeded gainftasEx- against as Extortioners, as tire Law in such Cases hath provided, and for ever tomonets. after be macle incapable of acting in any such Office, or in any Office of publick Can^a«dby Trust whatsoever within this Island j the fame; to be executed upon him or them upon* his or tjiejr Conviction, by his or their own Confeffiop, or the Oat!)

77

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

of One or more Witnesses before the Governor for the time being, residing cJ^rnor within this Hland, or any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who areoranyTw«ju-hereby impowered and required to execute the fame* Peace°ftlie

And to the intent all due Order may be herein kept and observed, and that the Inhabitants of thislfiand may not be ignorant hereof. Be it further enacted, elause II established, and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary’s Fees, and the Fees of the several Offices committed to his Management, and Prices of them, according as they are in this Act annexed, set down, and expressed,Table be fairly engrossed, and hung up in a Table in the Secretary’s Office, there con- Sscretavy’s Ot> stantly to abide, under the Penalty of forfeiting Ten thousand Pounds of Sugar,^ooooIb. of the one Half to His Majesty, the other Half to the Informer ,• the same to be Su’sar Foif-ic' recovered in any Court of Record within this Island.

And whereas there are, and hereafter may be, several things fegiftred in the Secretary’s Office, and several Copies of Writings taken out of the said Office, andleveral Certificates and other Writings, which, by Virtue of the said Offices, may and ought to be taken from thence, which are net in the Schedule hereunto annexed, set down, and appointed Be it therefore further ordained clause in and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That he shall not presume to set a Price upon the fame at his own Pleasure, but shall for tire present take so much Governorpr0 as the Governor shall appoint, and no more : Provided the fame Price so set doSTFee^ not exceed One Pound of Sugar per Line, Eight Words in a Line, until the next Sitting of the Assembly; and then the fame being confirmed, or otherwise ascertained by them, be annexed to the rest of the Fees of the respective OfficesFeEs. ne he adtsby, and set up in the publick Table of Fees in the Secretary’s Office, under the Penalty of forfeiting his several Offices, and Six Months Imprisonment,

Without B iil or Mainprize, by Conviction, as aforesaid. Given under my Hand the 21st of October, 1670.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

The Secretary's Fees.

FOR Recording Deeds and Bills of Sale-----*— -—

For every Bond for. an EiigHJh Ship-----

For every Ship Bond for a Stranger----- -

For Recording Articles of Agreement and Covenants, Ten Pounds of Sugar, or 1 s, 3 d. a Side, with Thirty Lines on

a Side, an Inch left for the Margent——r—>----- r~r"—-—

For Recording Certificates of Land———----- —

Year-

For every Recognizance-For every Caveat-

For every under writing-For every Ticket-

For Drawing a Bond Obligatory-

For Drawing a Deposition-----

For a Licence for Marriage-----

Ten Pounds of Sugar, or x j. 3 d. per he shall desire to have Search made For Recording Depositions

For-every Order- of the Governor and Cpuucil-For every Letter of Attorney Recording-

For every Licence for keeping a Country Storehouse-

rr—r

lb. Sug. s. d.

- 20 02 6

- 40 05 0

- 80 10 y? 0

- io 01 3

-..G2 0

O6 r— 9

04 . —- 6

- 02 3

- 06 9

- 06 9

- *.0 01 3

- JO 06 x 3

- to of 3

«- 1$ hi 3

- ftp. OjZ 6

6

For

78

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

313° 146.

Repealed by Act 113.

313° 147.

Expired.

.3130 148,

Expired.

313° 149.

Expired.

Jl3° 150.

Obsolete.

13° 151.

Wide Act.

lb. Sugar, s. d.

For every Surveyor’s Commission-----—

For every Clerk of the Market for his Commission-For every Protest at_the Bridge-

x 00 100

50

For Recording of Bonds'—-----

For Recording Returns of Commissions-For a Bill of Health-

For Recording Receipts---—-----=—

For Recording Releases, Discharges, and Bills of Loading-—

For every Ticket wherein is named more than one Person, and?

being of one Family, or belonging to one Man-----7—‘J

For Proving a Will before the Governor-----

For Recording a Will-----

For the Probate, or Letters of Executorllxip-----

For an Order from the Governor for Letters of Administration -

For a Bond, and Security for it-----

For Letters of Administration-----

For a Warrant of Appraisement-----—

For Engrailing the Inventory or Appraisement-----

For the Copy of a Will-

For the Copy of an Inventory-----

For the Copy of Letters of Administration-For a Copy of a Probate-----

10 16 08 16 20 16 16 16

1 2 1 2 06 12

For Licence to draw Drink, not being of the Country Growth— 100 For a Writ of Error, and Proceedings upon it at the Council?

Board—----- 5 100 12

For every Copy of Records given out of the Office attested under"? the Secretary’s Hand, he shall receive for the same as mucbS-

as he is allowed by the A<S for Recording the fame--- S

For a Commission to end Difference—1—-----

80 1 o 20 40 04 16

12

40

20

16

10

01

02 05

01

01

05

02 02

40 05

01

02

01

02 02 02 02 02

6

6

6

3

6

o

6

3

6

o

6

0

3

o

o

o

6

o

o

o

An Act for the Encouragement of the Manufacture of this Island.

An Act to prohibit bringing Wines to this Island.

An Additional ASI for the further Continuance of the Authority of Commissioners for the Publick Revenue of this Island.

An Act for raising an Im on Wines and other strong Lim quors imported this Island.

An Act for Levying Two hundred Pounds of Sugar on every Cop per and Stiff, &c. within this Island.

An ASI impowering James Beeke EJq; to build a publick Wharf in the Town of St. Michael's.

8 An

the LAWS of BARfcADOES*

79

An Act for the Continuation of the Impoftion on Wines Jirong Liquors imported this Island.

An Additional AS to the Act for the Levy, See, c&J!53'

An Additional Act to the Act to prohibit bringing Wines to this 154. Island.

An Additional AEi for the further Continuance of the Au- 312° 155-thority of the Commissioners for settling the publick -^fc-Expircd' counts, &c.

a Duty to be levied on Liquors imported this

An Act appointing Island.

An Act to prevent Depopulations.

.313° 157-

Repealed by Act 3 38.

An Act for the speedy getting in such Sums of Sugar as remain JI2° 15s-due to the Publick by fever a I Levies appointed by severalobfulet£' AEls.

An Act for recovering a Publish Debt from the Estate of Richard Romney., the late Receiver.

312° 159*

Obfalete.

An Act for the Prevention of firing of Sugar Canes. l5o#

IT is hereby enacted, published, and declared by the Deputy Governor,

Council, and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That whatsoever Person or Persons shall at any time hereafter wittingly or willingly bum or set on Fire any Sugar Cane Field, or other Place where Sugar Canes do grow in any Place in this Island, shall, for every such Offence proved before the next wilful Ba"™' Justice of the Peace, receive, by Order of the said Justice, Forty Lashes upon his naked Back, and be branded in the Forehead with a hot Iron with the Let-branded-ter R. and become Servant to the Party or Parties that shall be so damnified by the Burning or Setting on Fire the said Canes, for the Term of Seven Years

But whosoever shall casually do the fame, shall be liable to make Restitution and Satisfaction to the Party damnified, according to the Nature and Quality of injured tote the Damage. fltsfied‘

Provided, That this Act extend not to any that shall burn or let on Fire their own Sugar Cane Fields, so that it be not prejudicial to any other.

And whereas several Fields of Canes and Pastures have d£ late been fired accidentally, by carrying Fire, and smoaking Tobacco in Paths where Canes are planted on either fide, to the great Loss and Damage of several the Inhabitants of this Island; Jt is therefore hereby ordained and enacted by the T«arn'FRe» Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person or Persons shall, after Pubfieation b^wftth* hereof, presume to carry Fire, or take any Tobacco in any Path where Sugar

Canes

So

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

forfeits 500 lb. of Sugar,

or 10 Lathes, i poor.

312° x6l. Expired.

*313° 162-

Obsolete.

3f2° 163.

Expired.

312° 164.

Obsolete.

312° 165.

Clause I.

No uncured Ginger to be shipped off.

Forfeiture.

Two Justices toconvift.

Canes are planted on both fides of the fame Path, or near to any planted Canes, upon Conviction before any Justice of Peace, by the Oath of One or more Witnesses, or the Party’s own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, Five hundred Pounds of Miijcovadoe Sugar; the same to be levied by Warrant of Distress under the Hand of such Justice of Peace before whom such Proof thereof shall be made, as by the Act in case of Servants Wages is appointed : The said Forfeiture to be put into the Hands of the Churchwardens of the same Parish where the Offence is committed, and to go and be to the Use of the Poor of the same Parish, according as the Vestry of the said Parish shall think fit. And in case the Person so offending, as aforesaid, shall not be able to pay the said Forfeiture, such Person or Persons shall then, upon Conviction aforesaid, by Order of the said Justice of Peace, have and receive Twenty Ladies upon his bare Back; the same to be executed by the next Con,iable, or his Deputy. Given under my Hand this 4th Day of July, xdyr.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

An Additional AB for the further Continuance of tJje Authority of Commissioners for settling the publick Accounts.

An Act impovoering the Freeholders of the Parish of St. George’s to meet and choose a Vestry of the Freeholders in the said Parish.

An Additional AB for preventing the Landing of prohibited Strong Liquors.

An Act imporvering the Committee of the Publick Accounts of this Island to appoint Payment to Mr. William Wi thing ton, for so much of his Account relating to the Publick Affairs as the Country hath Benefit by.

An Act to prohibit the Transporting of uncured Ginger off this Island.

THE Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, have, for sundry good causes and Considerations, thought fit to enatft, and be it enacted, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by Authority of the same, That no manner of Person or Persons, of what Estate, Degree, or Condition soever he or they be, shall, after Publication hereof, bring, deliver, fend, receive, or take, or procure to be brought, delivered, sent, or received, into any Ship, Bark, Vessel, or other Bottom whatsoever, any uncured Ginger to be transported off this Island, upon the Pain, that every such Person or Persons so offending contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit all such his Ginger so shipped or put on Board, one Half to the Governor of this Island resident here, and the other Half to the Informer. Complaint and Information thereof being made to any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within this Island,

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 8i

Island, the said Justices ate hereby impowered and required to issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, for Appearance of such. Offender or Offenders; and upon Conviction and Proof thereof made by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses, or the Party’s own Confession, the said Forfeiture shall be levied by Warrant of Distress* under the Hands and Seals of the said Two Justices, in the same manner and way as is provided in the Act for Servants Wages; the same to be disposed of, as aforesaid*

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Two ciaureiT. fitch Justices of the Peace in this Island, before whom such Conviction shall be made, are hereby authorized and required, every Person so convicted, as afore- to imprison said, to commit to Prison, there to remain, without Bail ot Mainprize, for the^®^eanrJcc Space of One whole Year.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every M^ur^ni._ Commander or Master of any Ship, Bark, or Vessel, now riding at Anchor in taking'uncured or about this Island* or that shall hereafter come and arrive here, who shall, on after Publication hereof, take on board his Ship, Bark, or Vessel, any uncured Ginger, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and being con-forfe.(s oooo "Victed, as aforesaid, shall, for such his Offence, forfeit Ten thousand Poundsib. of Si[ga°c° of Mufcomadoe Sugar, and suffer One Year’s Imprisonment, without Bail or im^fonm"nt.s Mainprize; the said Forfeiture to be levied by Warrant of Distress, under the Hands and Seals of the said Two Justices of the Peace before whom Conviction thereof shall be made, as in case of Servants Wages is provided and accustomed, and be disposed, the one Half to the then resident Governor of this Island, and the other Half to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same.

A nd it is hereby likewise enacted, That whatsoever Master of Ship, Sark, or Clause IV. Vessel, now in or about this Island, that hath already taken or received on board his Ship, Bark, or Vessel, any uncured Gtiriger, such Master shall, with all con-unbred Gin-venient Speed, bring and land the fame on Shore at.fomfe usual landing Place, so beaded’ that the fame may be restored to the Owners thereof for the uwner.

And in case any Commander of any Ship, Bark, or Vessel, refusing or neg- ciauie v. lesting to bring on Shore such Ginger, as aforesaid, and shall transport the fame contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, then, and in such Case, the Commander oi* Master so offending, returnirig to this Island, and convicted, the Mailer not as aforesaid, shall, for such his Offence, stand committed, by Warrant under emvi&e&on the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whom such Conviction was made, forhi»R«urn. the Space of One whole Year, without Bail Or Mainprize.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Chuftvt whatsoever Justice of Peace within this Island shall refuse, neglect, or fail in the Execution of his Duty here by this Act enjoyned him, after due Notice,

Complaint and Information made before him of any Breach of this Act, that then, upon Complaint made by any Person against the said Justice at the next Justices neg-Qjiarter Sessions for that Precinct to the Justices holding the fame, the said Ju-Dutyfpuf*' ftice offending shall, by the said Justices holding the said Sessions, be sum-niIhed-moned, and caused to come before them, who shall hear and examine the Matter complained of, and upon Conviction and Proof thereof^ made by the Oaths of Two credible Witnesses, or the Patty’s own Corifession, the said Justice so offending shall, by the Justices holding the said Sessions, be amerced the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar the same to be levied by S’ofsugwf* Warrant of Distress, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, as in civs of Servants Wages, and be disposed of to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That °*use vn; the Resident Governor of this Island for the time being be hereby defifed and£hae^j™°r impowered to appoint and commissionate, from time to time, as. he shall feeSwcherTto cause, a Waiter or Waiters, Searcher or Searchers, who shall be hereby fuf- cur^ ginger.'

L> ficiently

82 The LAWS of BABB ADOES.

ficiently impowered to go on board any Ship, Bark, or Vessel, riding at Anchor in or about this Island, and there to make Search for all such uncured Ginger. And if upon Search any such prohibited Ginger be found on board contrary to this Act, that then the said Waiter or Searcher forthwith may and shall seize the lame, and give Notice thereof to any Two next Justices of the Peace, that further Proceedings may be made according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Clause vm. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Matter of any Ship, Bark, or Vessel, shall, after Publication hereof, give Bond into the Secretary’s Office, that he shall not unlawfully carry any Person off this Island, it shall be also inserted by the Secretary, or his Deputy, in the Condi-AeBoad'" t*on Bond, That the said Matter £n.all not take on Board his Ship,

a ’ Bark, or Vessel, any such prohibited Ginger, or do any thing contrary to the

true Intent and Meaning of this Act. And in case any Matter of any Ship, Bark, or Vessel, shall refuse to sign such Bond, with the aforesaid Clause inserted, he shall be wholly debarred Trading here, as if he had refused to sign the said Bond as formerly, until he shall conform according to this Act.

ciaufcix. And it is further enacted, That the Secretary, or his Deputy, is hereby re-Secretary omic-quired to be very diligent and careful to insert the said Clause in the said Bond, cuufeinthe to be signed by every Matter of Ship, Bark, or Vessel, upon the Pain and Forfeiture of Ten thousand Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar for every Default or Neg-sugar. ‘ left therein, by means of which any such prohibited Ginger may be transported contrary to the true Intent of this Act j the said Forfeiture to be levied in manner aforesaid for the Use of the Fortifications. Given under my Hand the x 5 th Day of February, 1671.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

J©° 166. An Act for the Settlement of the Militia within this Repealed* Island.

j$o 167. By the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, for the ©tobtete. speedy Payment of the late Levy on Coppers and Stills.

168. An Act for the Continuation of an Act, intituled, An Act ap-Expire* pointing a Duty on Liquors imported this Island.

JI3° 169. An Act to repeal an Act, intituled, An Act for the Recover- |j obfofcte. ing in a publick Debt from the Estate of Richard Romney, the late Receiver. I

jro i7o. An Act for the Annual Rating of Liquors.

Ptocnbie. 1 Jl WHEREAS it is appointed that there shall be an Excise or Rate upon Liquors, &c. It is therefore ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, That the Governor, or Deputy Governor, and Council, shall once in every Year, at such time as they shall think meet, , set a Rate upon strong Liquors at what Rate they shall pals in Taverns and Drinking Houses, from the Day of the letting the said Rate for One Year: And whosoever shall fell contrary to those Rates, shall forfeit, for every such Offence,

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 83

fence. Three thousand Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar the one Half to the mhc Publick Use of this Island, the other Half to the Informer, to be recovered in Hates set. any Court of Record within this Island. Given under my Hand the 7th Day |ar3renai°yfu* of May, 16jz.

Sighed, Christopher Coddr 'ingtoH.

An Act concerning For eft dllers and Ingrossers of Provisions.

WHEREAS many ill-disposed People in and about this Island (study-l’reambIs-ing and contriving to work their own Designs for their private Gain, though much .against a publick Good) have lately bought up several great Quantities of Salt, Salt Pork, Beef, Bacon, and other needful Provisions brought to this Island, and have fold the fame again at greater Prices than accustomed, or otherwise transported them to other Places, with intent of Gain, which hath proved much to the Damage and Injury of the Inhabitants and People of this Island : For certain Remedy and Prevention whereof for the future. Be it or- clausel; dained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Representatives of this Island now assembled, aHd it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Representatives of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That whatsoever Person or Persons within this Island shall,^esVdSmSffen"’ at any time after Publication hereof, buy, or cause to be bought up, any ForeitaUing. Salt, Salt Beef, Pork, or Bacon, or other manner bf Provisions coming into, or being come into any Port, Harboui, or Anchoring Place in and about this Island, aboard any Ship, Boat, Bark, or Vessel whatsoever, from any Part beyond the Seas, to be sold j or shall make any Bargain, Contraft, or Promise, for the having or buying of the fame, or any Part thereof, before the said Vi-dtuals and Provisions aforesaid shall be brought on Shore and lioufed in a Store-house, or other Place upon this Island, or shall make any Motion, by Word,1 Letter, or otherwise, to any Person for the inhauncing the Price, or the dearer felling or withholding thereof from present Sale for further Advantage of Price in Sale, all such Person and Persons shall be thereupon deemed a Forestaller ForeliaWer? or Forestallers, and shall forfeit and suffer as hereafter is exprfefled. , And whatsoever Person or Persons shall, after Publication hereof, by any means, procure, obtain, regrate, ingross, or get into their Hands, directly or indirectly, by Buying, Contracting, or Promise, taken either on board, as abovesaid, or on Shore Several Often-after the Landing of the several Victuals or Provisions aforesaid, to the IntentgraUn^nedRe" to fell the lame at higher Prices, or make Profit thereby, or transport the same to other Parts or Places, without Licence from the Governor and Council for the time being first had and obtained, shall be deemed and accounted a Regra-Regrator or for or Regrators, Ingrolfer or Ingrossers, and thereof being convicted, shall fufiferInsroffer' as hereafter is appointed.

And for that all such Persons so offending do become mod pernicious Enemies to the common Good of all Places and People, when they are turning Plenty into Scarcity for the Advantage of their particular or private Lucre j It is ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Representa- Cfaureii’ tivesof this Island now assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all and every the Person or Persons at any time against this Act, or any part thereof, or in any of the particulars afore recited, offending, and thereof being duly con-Conviction vifted before any Two Justices of the Peace, or at the Quarter or General

Sessions of this Island, who have hereby Power, and are hereby respectively>Sefr,°os* by virtue hereof, authorized and required to inquire, hear, and determine all and every the Defaults and Offences done contrary to this Act, and every part therein, by Inquisition, Preferment, Bill, or Information, or by Examination TheMetbb4 of Two lawful Witnesses therein upon Oath, as if a Tryal by Twelve Men

L % ~ were

84

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

forfdteGoods Were thereupon had, for his or their first Offence, shall forfeit all their Provi-and 3_Months fions so bought, transported, bargained for, or had, and so inhaunced in the iroprisontnent. prjce or yajue thereof, and suffer imprisonment the Space of Three Months ad Offence without Bail or Mainprize 5 and for his or their second Offence shall forfeit double Pumfh-double the Value of the Goods or Provisions so bought up, transported, bar-adOffence gained for, had, or inhaunced in the Price, and suffer Imprisonment for the forfeijsGoais space of Six Months without Bail or Mainprize; and for his or their third Of-and jrMonttu fence shall forfeit all his Goods and Chattels that he or they have in their imprisonment. ovvn Right, and suffer Imprisonment for the Space of Nine Months without Bail or Mainprize : In all and every of which Forfeitures, the one Half of the Provisions, or the Value thereof, in the first Offence, and the Half of the double Value of the Provisions in the second Offence, and the Half of the Goods Fwfitorel and Chattels in the third Offence, shall go to the Use of the Complainant, or him that shall inform 5 and the other Half shall be and remain to the publick Use of this Hland the same to be levied by Warrant of the said Two Justices, or of the General or Quarter Sessions, in manner of Execution or Attachment, as used in the Courts of Common Pleas. And the several Justices of the Peace, in their several Precincts within this Island, are hereby required, at their several and respective Quarter Sessions, from time to time, to give in Charge to the Clerk of the Market for the time being, or his Deputy or Officers, or to any other Person, for the strict Enquiring after and Information of the several Breaches or Offences against the Particulars in any kind in this Act mentioned and contained. Given under my Hand the 7th Day of May, 1672.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

0o I72< An Act for laying an Im on Wines, and prohibiting Expired. Brandy or difiiued Spirits to be imported this Island.

J12® 173- An Act concerning Persons intended to depart this Island, and thefetting up their Names in the Secretary's Office, and Warrants of Arrest.

FORASMUCH as it hath long been a Law and Custom of this Island, that all Persons whatsoever inhabiting or residing within the same (except Women Covert and Children under the Age of Fourteen Years) intending to depart hence, have used to put up their Names publickly in the Secretary’s Office upon a Table there for that purpose $ and after Twenty one Days so past, or otherwise, upon entring and giving their sufficient Securities, as hath been accustomed in such Cases, have a Ticket or Licence from the Secretary for the time being, signed by the Resident Governor, hath been a sufficient Warrant for any Midler of any Ship or Vessel to transport them to any other Place5 the Intent and Practice of which Law and Custom hath been, that Persons indebted might not privately go off, but that they might be compelled, before their Departure, to give Security in the said Office to pay their just Debts, and answer all other Claims and Demands that might justly be made against them; which Law and Custom in this kind hath hitherto by Experience been found of good Use and Benefit [to the Inhabitants and Traders here But for that the said Act and Law hath not sufficiently provided for giving Securities in the said Office foe Payment of Debts, performing of Contracts, and other Agreements, at Times and Days to come, after such putting up their Names, nor strictly appointed Persons underwriting, to underwrite for their exatft Sums

due

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 85

due, or to become due, or other Pretences not really just or true, and other Defeats not well or sufficiently provided for by the said Act : For Remedy Whereof, and supplying such Defeats as are already known. The Deputy Go- eiause *• Vernor, Council, and the Representatives of this Island now assembled, have thought fit to ordain and enact, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Deputy Governor, Council, and Representatives of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That the present Secretary, by himself, or his Deputy or Deputies, officiating as Secretary or Deputy here, and all others for the future, shall have, and keep publickly in the said Office, a Table for the entring and The manner of putting up of all Persons Names intending to depart hence, and to enter there- Naml?in°the on their Christian and Sirnames at large, and in what Parish they reside. Secretary’s or-, and whither intended, and the Day and Year when their Names are so put up j and that the Secretary, or his Deputy for the time being, give not, or grant unto any Person or Persons whatsoever, a Ticket or Licence for any to depart when ^Ticker hence, unless their Names have been first put up, as aforesaid, in the said Ta-to e siven' ble in the Secretary’s Office full One and twenty Days, or otherwise taken good and sufficient Security to answer all Underwritings whatsoever, that are or shall be there entred within One and twenty Days from the first setting up their Names, as aforesaid.

And whatsoever Person or Persons intending so to go off, are not well known ciaufi n. to the Secretary, or his Deputy, for the time being, to have gone by that "nt"he Name so put up, that in all such Cases the Secretary or his Deputy grant out Secretary, a no Ticket to such Person, until he be certified of his or her Name so requiring/ify hTsName", the Ticket, by a Certificate under the Hand of some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island, that he or file hath gone, or been known by, or upon the Justice’s own knowledge, or the Oath of Two Witnesses well Knowledge, or known to the said Justice, and such Certificate to be filed and kept in the said of

Office for his Warrant therein > and likewise to take Security to answer all ltne

Underwritings, as is aforesaid, that then, and in all such Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Secretary, or his Deputy, for the time being, to The secretary grant out such Ticket, first by him to be signed, as a Sign and Token of his*"^ due Performances in his Office in such Cases, according to the true Intent ande's-. Meaning of this Act1 j and that then the Resident Governor of this Island for the time being is hereby desired and lawfully authorized to sign such Ticket for his or her Departure j and such Ticket so signed by the Resident Governor and Secretary, or Deputy Secretary chiefly officiating in the said Office, shall and may be a lawful Warrant for any Matter of any Ship or Vessel, to transport such Matter of any Person or Persons to any other Place whatsoever, without impeaching any Ob-fyi?™* ligation. Law, or Custom of this Place to the contrary. Ticke£ucil

Provibed always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this A«5t, That women Co-' the Clauses before going extend not to Women Covert, or Children under the dren unde* Age of Fourteen Years, other than such Women Covert that trade, use, or ex-g?^de’ ercife any Trade as a Sole or Feme' Merchant within this Island, and not o-T«dere. therwife.

And for the Prevention of the great Mischiefs that many times happen toAgainftevil Persons going off this Island, through the Malice of some evil-disposed Persons, UndewtiOngs. upon pretence of Debts or other pretended Claims, make or cause Underwritings to be made against them for great Sums of Sugar, or other large Demands not really due or owing, to their great Hurt and Damage: Be it therefore or- ctafe m. dained and enacted, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Authority a-Di"-*°ns!low foresaid, That whosoever shall underwrite any Person Or Persons, so having theirto Names up, as aforesaid, shall set forth the Sum or Sums of Money, Sugar, Cotton, or other thing that is due and owing, or to be performed, so near as may be, and especially by what means it doth arise, whether by Bill, Bond, Judgment, Account, Promise, Covenant, or otherwise howsoever.

And

86

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

gar Forfeit.

ClauselV. Underwritings for Debts due infuturo.

And if it be for Part of any such Bill, Obligation, Judgment, Account, ^Biuew°f Promile, Penalty, or for any other Cause, that then it be, and let forth the <&-«. is due, it is remaining Sum or Sums, or near the fame, mentioning and setting forth, that wrUfor.undsr"it is for Part of such a Bill, Obligation, Judgment, Account, Promise, Covenant, or Penalty, containing the first .Sum or Sums therein, and the Date or Dates and Times of the famej so that the Secretary, or Person officiating in the said Office as Secretary or Deputy there, may know the Value, and take the Security for the Sum lb underwritten for, as aforesaid; and that the Person or piaimiffs may Persons so becoming Plaintiff or Plaintiffs at Law, as aforesaid, may declare for of CabDreeSa'ar'Par^ *or Part any Sum or Sums being, and saying. For Parc of the original Sum, and for his so declaring shall not be nonsuited, abated, barred, or overruled by any Plea whatsoever - notwithstanding any Practice, Law, or Custom to the contrary.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the Persons so underwriting file their Action or Actions within One and twenty Days after the Security be given for their Debts then due, as hath been accustomed; otherwise the fame being pleaded to be a sufficient Bar to their Action .ooMb.ofSu- °r Actions, and all others for the fame Cause for ever, and forfeit Two thousand Pounds of Mufco'vadoe Sugar, the one half to the Party or Parties so underwritten, the other half to the publick Use of this Island, to be recovered by Action of Debt at Common Law in the Precincts where the Party or Parties live, except where the Party or Parties arresting or underwriting happen to depart this life within the One and twenty Days aforesaid.

And it is further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th'.t it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to underwrite any other Person or Persons whatsoever in the said Office, for any Sum or Sums, or Duty whatsoever due, owing, or to be performed at any future time, observing the Method for underwriting, as aforesaid; and the Secretary, or Deputy Secretary officiating in the said Office, take sufficient Security for the fame before he deliver the Person or Persons so underwritten, his, her, or their Ticket, upon Penalty of paying the Debt, Debts, or Cause of Action, of such Underwritings, to the Parties thereby endamaged.

A£Hons to be Provided always, That the Person or Persons so underwriting file their Days after^he Action or Actions against the Security within One and twenty Days next after D^ibecomes t^e Debt or Duties become payable; otherwise the fame being pleaded, to be payab e. a sufficient Bar to their Action or Actions, and all others for the fame Cause for ever; any Law, Custom, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding, except in case of Mortality, as aforesaid.

And whereas the fame Inconveniencies oftentimes happen to Persons liable NoJwtobefar- ?° Arrests as by Underwritings, Be it therefore ordained and enacted, and it rested chat hath is hereby ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person, having Ten Acres of Freehold Land within this Island, shall not be \ . liable to Arrest, nor any other Inhabitant whatsoever, for any Sum under One

gaiyjrtfM* thohfknd Pounds of Sugar, or Six Pounds five Shillings in Money, but be summoned to answer Suits in the Precincts where they live, according to the except he ha* Act for judicial Proceedings,* unless he hath taken out his Ticket to depart "ten °u^h^ this Island, and not having given in Bond in the Secretary’s Office to answer all givenUnderwritings that shall be entred against him or her in the Secretary’s Office within One and twenty Days from the first putting up his or their Names. And all Actions grounded on such Arrest, if the Defendant by himself, or Attorneys, plead the lame, are to be nonsuited, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such case shall pay treble Costs.

And whatsoever Person arresting any other, is to set forth his Cause of Action

Clause VI.

The Cause of . , w

Action cohere* in the Warrant of Arrest, as in case of Underwritings before set down in this moos Arrest. Ad, upon the like Penalties as in Cafes of Underwritings.

And

The LAWS of B ARBADOES. 87

Arp to the intent that Persons underwritten or arrested, having Occasions and Affairs requiring their present Departure hence, and it would be inconvenient for them to stay the Proceedings of the Courts of Common-Pleas, so that a Special Court may be appointed for the determining the Differences between Party and Party j Therefore the Deputy Governor, Council, and Assembly, do hereby ordain and enact, and it is hereby ordained and enacted, That the ChufeVII. Governor in Chief, or Deputy Governor for the time beings have hereby full Power and Authority, upon Complaint of any Person or Persons underwritten or arrested, to grant and issue out a Commission under his Hand and Seal, thereby impowering Five good and able men, as to him shall seem meet, or any Three of them, whereof One to be a Justice of Peace, and of the Quorum, or Two of them private Justices of the Peace, to be the Judges of a Court, as a Special Court of Common Pleas, intended for Expedition to try all causes Special Come of Underwritings and Arrests 5 so as every such Person or Persons underwrit- The way to ten in the Secretary’s Office, as aforesaid, or arrested for Cause or causes of£lt°lc&ufuSpl>‘-Action or Actions then said to be due, as will appear by the said Arrest or Underwriting, shall apply themselves to the said Governor or Deputy Governor, desiring such Commission, shall first before him make Oath upon the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God, that he or they are really intended off this Island, and cannot, without Prejudice to their Affairs, stay the Proceedings of the Courts of Common Pleas, and desire a Special Court for speedy Tryal of such Differences.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, for ChufeVlir. the due Administration of Justice, That all and every such Persons to be made Commissioners and Judges, as aforesaid, shall be sworn to do equal Right be-Joh?^"jjgesw tween Party and Party, as the Judges and Assistants of the Courts of Common °r ’ Pleas be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever j then they the said Judges, or any Three of them, qualified, as aforesaid, are hereby required and autho-whoar , rized to issue out a Summons under their Hands and Seals, directed to them^thepwSl said Underwriter or Person arresting, to appear before them at a certain Timetiff* and Place to be appointed by the Commissioners, and file his Action before them, so as the fame may be determined without Delay and to appoint the Marshal and Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas for the Precindfcs where the n Commissioners shall fit, to be their Clerk and Marshal, who are hereby required toVummona to perform the Duty of their respective Places accordingly, and to issue out their toa£l. Precept to the said Marshal, to summon a Jury to appear, as they shall appoint wwupeea as by the said Precept, and to act and do in all things for the speedy determining ConunonPleas. the Differences in Question in’ as large, full, and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the Courts of Common Pleas in this Ittand do and are impowered. And in case the Verdict pass for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then forthwith to enter Judgment, and issue out Execution for immediate Satisfac- '

tion, by Appraisement of Three lawful Freeholders of the Precincts where the judgment a-r Matter in Difference shall be tryed, or otherwise by imprisoning the Body till of Sody.00^ Satisfaction, in case no Effects be shewed to satisfy the same.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Person so underwriting or arresting appear not, being duly summoned in for which the Person, or Summons left at his most usual Place of Abode Fbrcy eight Hours VeKuafora® at the least before the Sitting of the said Court, to prosecute and make goodDefclidimt-. his Underwriting or Arresting, as aforesaid, or upon Tryal of the Issue or other Proceedings at the said Court, that there was no just Cause or Ground for such Arrest or Underwriting, or upon' Tryal had, not the major part of the Debt or Sum underwritten or arrested for, be found to be due, or shall be judged by the said Court the lame Arrest or Underwriting to be done of Malice, or with vexatious Intent of Prejudice and Trouble to me Party or Parties so underwritten or arrested, in all such Cases the Jury shall give Verdict for the Defendant, and Judgment be entred thereon for the Party or Parties so arrested or

under;

68

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Fees.

Clause XI.

IgUnftthe11 underwritten against the Party or Parties arresting or underwriting, to pay plaintiff, he the treble Damages* which shall be made out to the Court, he, Ihe* or they have Dam^e/and sustained, with double Cods likewise to the Party lo injured, to be had by anda^ooooUk Execution and Appraisement, as in the Cafe aforesaid, wherein any Party or of Sugar to the Parties underwriting or arresting, as aforesaid, shall recover, and likewise be anafundcom- awarded by the said Court to pay Two thousand Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar Sent?tillPay*to t^e Treasurer for the time being, for the publick Use of this Island, and Hand committed by the Court till he pay the same. And in case any Person or Persons underwriting or arresting being summoned, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear to make good his or their Arresting or Underwriting* whereby his or their Action or Actions upon the said Underwriting or Arrest come not to Tryal by a Jury, but be Nonsuit, or upon Underwritings doth not duly file his Action, then, and in all such Cases, the said Judges shall proceed to award and give Judgment for all Costs and Damages, as to them shall seem meet, together with the Forfeitures and Penalties before in this Act provided, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Action had been tryed by a Jury, and Verdict by them given thereupon and such Verdicts and Judgments to be a perpetual Bar to such pretended Cause or causes of Action for ever.

A n D be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the TheMwftai’s Marshal’s Fees for summoning the Jury, and attending there on the Sitting of and clerk's the Court, exceed not Five hundred Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar and the Clerk’s Fees for ilfuing the Precept, receiving the Action, Plea, Judgment, and Execution from the Court, Two hundred Pounds of Sugar; and for filing the Record in the Office of the Common Pleas, Fifty Pounds of Sugar.

______ And it is hereby further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

ThTjadg‘4‘to That as the Proceedings prove before the said Judges upon such Tryals, they ^of the Try. certify the same to the Secretary, so as he may give or refuse a Ticket and *nothe Seer«- also to the Provost Marshal, that the Person or Persons in Custody may be released or detained accordingly.

Provided always, 'That in case the Cause of Underwriting or Arresting be not made good upon Tryal, or by Non-appearance, that then the Underwriting in the Secretary’s Office be forthwith made null and void, as if the fame had never been made or done.

And whatsoever Person or Persons, at whose Suit any shall be arrested, do AOion^be not with® Three Days after ierving the said Arrest, file his Action against the filed" i tttys. Defendant, at the Office belonging to the Court where the Writ is returnable, that then a Certificate taken out from the Clerk signifying the fame, shall be a sufficient Cause to take up the Bail Bond, and discharge the Party or Parties out of Prison, and no Action to be filed or received thereafter upon that Arrest, 3,<x>o lb.ofSu- and shall forfeit to the Party or Parties arrested, the Sum of Three thousand f5S"&L Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court whercCnufe Common Pleas in this Island. And where any Person or Persons having any of AfHon is Cause of Action or Actions against any other Person or Persons whatsoever, which lie only in Damages, and not in Certainty, then it shall and may be law-nagata *roft. ful to underwrite for a Sum in Gross, as the Case may require, and not be liable to the former Rules before mentioned in this Act.

Secretary and A HD for that the taking and valuing of Securities upon all Cafes of Under-of Seear/aa"*writings lie in the Breast of the Secretary, or his Deputy officiating here, and teao^coo t^le upon Arrests in the Power of the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy of-ib. of Sugar? ficiating likewise $ so that the Persons underwriting and arresting are bound up by their respective Wills in such Cases, so that they may, if evilly intended, take insufficient Securities, and thereby endamage the Inhabitants of this Place : Clause xiil. Therefore it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Underwritings and Arrests for any Sum of Money above Two hundred Pounds Sterling, or Thirty thousand Pounds of Sugar, that the Security

S tendrea

Underwriting

void.

Cliufe XR

The LAWS of BAREADOES. 8 9

tendred'in all such Cases be approved of by the Governor and Council for

time being, or the major part of them 5 any Law, Usage, or Practice to the of securities

•contrary notwithstanding. sterio^Voo

A nd for that it hath often happened, that Persons Defendants upon ArreststtofSu2ar-appeared not the first Court, but made Default, whereby the Bail Bond became forfeited, and the Persons Plaintiffs in such Suirs have been driven to sue Fre2mble* Lithe Securities in other Precincts than where the Warrant of Arrest was returnable, and by a fresh Suit thereon, and Appeal upon the Recovery, no Effects 'came to such Plaintiff in any seasonable time : For Remedy therein. It is hereby further ordained and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Drfendants^dt Defendant or Defendants upon any Arreff appear not at the said Court, being appearing on called, but make Default, that then the fame Proceedings be had against mentVbe !k-him or them. Defendant or Defendants aforesaid, as is used in the Courts of ,red’fSre-

- Common Pleas, upon Nihil dicit, and Judgment be entred thereupon, and Execution issue. And in case Effects of the principal Defendant cannot be found, nor his Body returned to the Prison, then Judgment to be entred, and Execution to issue against the Security or Securities (they being first summoned to*"1" M shew Cause against the fame, if they have any) the said Execution to be levied,

• and Appraisement, Sales, and other Matters whatsoever, by the Marshal of that Court, where judgment shall be given, as in other Cafes, with all Penalties thereon ensuing from such Court, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not-. withstanding the Security or Securities live in any other Precincts 3 any Law,

Usage, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

An t> it is hereby further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, clause xv. That the Secretary, or his Deputy for the time being, take no more Fees for Jkenomo?e Underwritings, Tickets, or other Matters herein mentioned, than hath been Fees» «"• accustomed, and is appointed and provided for by a .late Act of this Eland.

And if he or they shall neglect, and not perform all things in this Act appoint-, ed to be done on his or his Deputy’s Part, and by all Persons in relation to the said Office contained in this Act, shall forfeit and pay all Damages and Costs whatsoever to all Persons wronged or prejudiced thereby.

And whatsoever Person or Persons shall use any indirect Means by getting clause xvi. any Ticket, or Hand to any Ticket, otherwise than from the Secretary’s Office, JdifeaMeam. in due manner aforesaid, shall pay and satisfy all Costs and Damages* whatsoever to the Persons grieved or injured thereby. And whatsoever Person shall Tickets duly or be convicted by the Oath of Two Witnesses, or his own Confession, before "n?ulvJot’?oc any Justice of Peace in this Eland, for assigning, giving, or delivering any Ticket 0 8 15ne lawfully or unlawfully taken out from the Secretary’s Office (so as fbme other Person or Persons are carried off this Eland) shall find good Securities to appear and answer the Fact at the then next General Sessions, and be liable to pay and answer all Costs and Damages occasioned to any Person or Persons; hereby.

And in case any Master or Owner of any Servant or Servants, Slave or J^ufexvii.

| Slaves, shall have occasion to transport such Servants or Slaves from this Island, taken out fot : that then, and in such case, the Master or Owner of such Servant or Slave shall|,^,"tsor have and obtain from the Resident Governor, or Deputy Governor for the time being of this Eland, a Ticket for such their Transportation i Which Ticket shall comprize the whole Number and Narries of such Servants or Slaves of the Master or Owner aforesaid, for which Ticket the Owner to pay Ten Pounds of Sugar.

Provided always, The Master or Owne* of such Servant or Slave shall, Oath tabs before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, prove, upon the Oath the proper of some One credible Person, well known to the Justice, or his or her Oath, that the said respective Servant or Slave is at that time the proper Estate granted, of that Person 3 upon Certificate of which, taken in mariner, as aforesaid, the said Ticket to be granted,

M A nd

90

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Ciiufc xviii. And whatsoever Person or Persons within this Island, intended to depart the fame, who have set up his or her Name in the Secretary’s Office, and shall g»r°ot s /°f Sr underwritten by any Person or Persons for any Debt under One thousand to b’e determi- Pounds of Muscovadoe Sugar, or Six Pounds five Shillings Sterling, the fame ftice.bya'Iu' shall be heard and determined by any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace to whom Complaint thereof shall be made, in the same manner and way as by the Act for Servants Wages is provided and appointed, clause .xix. A N d it is hereby further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

Repeat of the That a former Law of this Island heretofore made. Intituled, An Act concern-ormer w. pgjjg^ intended, to depart this island, and the setting up their Names in the Secretary’s Office, and Warrants of Arrests, and all things therein contained, be and is hereby repealed and made void for the future to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Provided, This Repeal extend not to any Person how in Custody, or liable to any Judgment, Execution, or Precept, by Virtue of the last mentioned Act; any thing in this Law to the contrary notwithstanding. Given under my Hand the pth Day of May, 167 a.

Signed, Christopher Coddrington.

30° 174. An Act to repeal several ABs relating to the prohibiting fJ te' . the Importation of Wines and other Liquors into this Island.

30° 175. An Act appointing a Duty to he levied on Wines and other strong EXp red. Liquors imported this Island.

30° 176. An Act to prohibit the Importation of Brandy or other distil-

repealed byd led Spirits in this Island.

Aft l8f.

177. An additional AB for the further Continuance of the Att xprred. thority of the Commissioners for settling the publick Accounts.

30° 178. A declarative AB upon the AB making Negroes real Estate.

[Preamble.]

Clause I.

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, bearing Date the Twenty ninth Day of April, One thousand six hundred sixty eight. It is enacted and ordained. That Negroes shall be deemed real Estate, and not Chattels; Be it declared by his Excellency, Council, and the Representatives of this Island now assembled, and it is hereby declared, That by the true Meaning of that Negroes may Act, Negroes may be sued for and recovered by Action Perioral, as they ufu-by Aftiwi ally were before the making the said Act: And also. That by the true Mean-

EfiSS?-.. fog of the Act aforesaid, Negroes continue Chattels for the Payment of

d!* w Debts.

And

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

9i

And be it further enacted, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this R^{g^r-Act, That Negroes shall be taken and deemed real Estate to all other Intents <•/ e

and Purposes whatsoever, except what before excepted. Given under my continued.

Hand the 2pth Day of January* 1672.

Signed, William Willoughby.

An additional AS for the further Continuance of the du" ^KJ79' thority of the Commissioners for settl'ing the publick Ac* mre ’ counts.

A Repeal of an Act, Intituled, An Act to prohibit the 313° 180. Importation of Brandy or other distilled Spirits to thisExpircd' Island.

An Act appointing a Duty upon Brandy and other distiUed 8 Liquors. p,te'

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors 313° 182. imported this Island. Expired.

An Act for the Continuation of an Act, Intituled, An Act for jgo laying an Imposition 011 Wines and other strong Liquors Ex?ired-imported this Island.

An additional AS for the further Continuance of the Au- 313* 184. thority of the Commissioners for settl’ing the publick Ac-Exputl1' counts.

, An additional AS concerning the detaining of Negroes.

313° 1851

Repealed by several after A fit

An Act for collecting the Arrears of divers Levies for Repair jb° 186, of the Fortifications. Obsolete*

An Act to confirm the Lease of Fontabell unto his Excel- 187. lency Sir Jonathan Atkins Knight, Governor of this Island, See.

An Act for taking off the Eighty Days after Execution for fit* j!3s 188. ture ContraSs.

[Preamble.]

FORASMUCH as by a Law of this lflaild. Intituled, An Act for

blishing the Courts of Common "Pleas within this Island, declaring the Method of Proceedings to Judgments and Executions, and the Manner1 of Proceedings

92

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Clause I.

To take oat Execution as before:

The Eighty Days after Execution taken off.

[Preamble.]

Clause II.

iiigs afterwards and for that amongst other things, it is enacted, That upon all Executions to be levied upon Lands, Goods, or Chattels whatsoever, no Prosecution should be thereupon had for Eighty Days then next after Execution, as aforesaid which said Continuance or Delay of the said Eighty Days is found to be inconvenient, and not of any Benefit or Advantage to Trader or Planter, as was supposed or intended by the said Act : Be it therefore ordained and enacted by his Excellency Sir "Jonathan Atkins Knight, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Council, and Representatives of this Island, now assembled, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by Authority of the same, That upon all Executions hereafter bluing upon any Judgment or Judgments whatsoever, grounded upon any Debts, Contract, or Agreement, of what Nature or Quality soever, made or contracted after Publication of this present Act, and not otherwise howsoever, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Judges of the respective Courts of Common Pieas, and their respective Marshals and their Deputies, and they are hereby required to proceed upon all Executions to Appraisements or Outcries, as hath been accustomed, not having regard to the Eighty Days j for that the said Eighty Days are hereby taken off, and by this Act declared to be void and taken off, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, for all future Executions grounded upon all future Debts and Contradsin manner aforesaid.

And whereas it hath been taken into Consideration, a great Mischief some-times practised by Debtors, to shew their Wind Mills, Cattle Mills, and other Houses, and other things entire in Execution to their Creditors when as such Mills, Houses, Buildings, and other entire things, are of far greater Value than the Debt upon Execution , so as the Creditors have been forced to take the fame upon entire Appraisement, and lay down the Overplus, or otherwise be unsatisfied : For Remedy whereofj Be it ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases it shall and may be lawful for the Mar-flials of the respective Courts, and Constables for Labour, and Servants Wages or Provisions, and they are hereby respectively required to attach any Part or Parcel of any Wind Mills, MillHouse, or any Buildings, or other things entire whatsoever, for or towards Satisfaction of any Debt whatsoever, and the fame so attached to appraise and deliver in severalty j any Law, Usage, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

Past’d the 25th of March, 1675.

Expired.1 An Act for laying an Im on Wines and other Liquors imported this island.

eSUI9°* reviving and continuing the Authority of Commissumers

for settling the publick Accounts,

19t- An Act for regulating the Gauge of Sugar Cask,

Pieambta, \JL 7* HE B.E AS His most Gracious Majesty hath, by His Letter under the

Privy Seal, dated the Two and twentieth of* August last, signified to his Excellency Sir Jonathan Atkins Knight, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, That the Farmers of the Revenue of Four and an half per Cent, of all the dead Commodities of the Growth and Product of this Island, have complained that they have Wrong done them in the Laxgeness of the Cask entred at His Custom House; That therefore

8 " Cask

The LAWS of BARBADOES,

93

Cask may be in the future reduced to a certain Standard and Gauge, and that His Majesty may not suffer the least Loss or iPrejudice in the Entries made at His Custom House, or that any Colour may be left to His Farmers to make any Complaint thereon, or to press for, or continue longer the weighing the Cask entred contrary to Law, to the Method settled by His former Governors, and the Practice of the Island to this Day, and to the insupportable Trouble of the Inhabitants, and ruinous Dday of Shipping trading hither i Be it therefore enacted by his said Excellency Sir Jonathan Atkins Knight, Captain General €iaufc i and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Council, and Representatives of this Island now assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the Dimension of a Butt shall be in Length Fifty Two Inches, in the Bulge Thirty five Inches, in the Head Twenty nine Inches j a Puncheon in Length Forty four Inches, in the Bulge Thirty two Inches, in the Head twenty eight Inches; a Hogshead in Length Thirty seven Inches, in Depth in the Bulge Thirty one Inches, and in the Head Twenty seven Inches j which Dimensions of Cask are the famej and of like Gauge with such Cask as were generally made use of and entred in His Majesty's Custom Houses in the time of the Government of the Lord Francis Willoughby, who, in pursuance of the Appointment made in the said Act, settled and established the Method and Rules for Entries to be made in His Majesty's Custom House here.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever cumfe a shall make any Entries of Sugars at His Majesty's Custom House here, after the Publication hereof, in Cask larger than is above limited and expressed, and cause the said Cask to be Waterborn in order to their Shipping, nor having first: declared the fame upon their Entry at the Custom House, and given Satisfaction . thereon, and have Permits according to the Rules of the Custom House, shall Punishment' forfeit to the Uses, and to be recovered in the same manner, as by the Act of Tour and a half per Cent, is directed, all such Cask exceeding the Dimensions aforesaid, together with the Sugar therein contained and it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Officers of His Custom House, or such as are employed by His Farmers, to make Seizure of all such Cask, as aforesaid.

Pass’dthe i $th of April, 1675*

An Act for reviving and continuing the Authority of Conimif J0® 192. sioners for settling the publick Accounts. ExpiIfed‘

An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this IslandI93<

Repeated.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liauors bn- TO/r ported this Island. Expired.^'

An Act for Allowance of a second free Entry for the dead Pro- 195*

duBionof this Island loft or taken, relating to the Four and a half per Cent.

WHEREAS since the passing the Grant of Four and a hamper Cent, of all preamble.

the dead Productions of this Island shipped off to any Port, several Lolfes have been sustained by the Merchants and other Freighters of Merchandize transported from this Island by Enemies, and the Perils of the Seas in and

out

94

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

out of Harbour $ for which the said Merchants and Freighters used to have Allowance to enter again in the Custom House of this Island the like Quantity of Goods as those perished, for which the Duty bad been paid or agreed for (the said Practice continuing in the Two Governors time next after the said Act, pursuant to the common Usage of all Ports, as also to the express Provision of the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made the Twelfth Year of His Majesty's Reign) Which Hid Allowance hath been lately denied by the Commissioners of the said Custom House to several the Inhabitants of this Island, since the late Farm of the said Duty to the present Farmers, to the great Injury and Discouragement of the said Inhabitants : Whereof the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island taking due Notice, and no ways doubting the good Will and Favour of His Majesty in Reference to the Premisses, especially considering the fame is according to the Pattern of the said Act of Parliament made in England, do enact and declare, and be it enacted and declared by the Governor, Council, and Assembly aforesaid, and by Authority of the same, That whatsoever Goods liable to pay the said Duty, for which the lame shall be paid or agreed for, shall be caftaway, or taken by Enemies or Piiates, after the fame have been Waterborn, or shipped in any Ship or Vessel designed to be transported from this Island from the first Day of December next, and so from thenceforth for ever, the like Quantity of Goods may be again shipped Custom free, upon such Proof made before the Governor of this Island, or the Commissioners aforesaid for the time being, or any of them, in such manner as is appointed by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage.

Pass'd the 25th of November, 1675.

E^red96’ for revtv'm8 and continuing the Authority of CommiJJi-

xpiK ’ oners for settling the publick Accounts.

JI3° 197- An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, Intituled, An Act Expired., for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this Island.

313° 1

98. An Act to prevent People called Quakers from bringing Negroes to their Meeting.

[Preamble.]

Clause J.

Negroes hearing, are for- ' feited.

Half to the In* former,

and Half to the Country.

The Profecu-cor to bring an Action in 3 Months.

WHEREAS of late many Negroes have been suffered to remain at the Meeting of Qieakers as Hearers of their Doctrine, and taught in their Principles, whereby the Safety of this Island may be much hazarded; Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Sir Jonathan Atkins Knight, Captain General, and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Council, and Representatives of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times after Publication hereof, any Negro or Negroes be found with the said People called Quakers at any of their Meetings, and as Hearers of their Preachings, that such Negro or Negroes shall be forfeited, that is to say. One half to the Party or Parties that shall seize or sue for such Negro or Negroes, if the Negro or Negroes belong to any of the said People called Quakers, and the other Moiety to the publick Use of the said. Island* -

Provided, That if the said Negro or Negroes be seized, that the Party or Parties so seizing shall bring an Action within Three Months, grounded upon this Statute, against the Owner, or supposed Owner, of the said Negro or

Negroes

95

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Negroes in any Court of Common Pleas within this Island, at the Choice of the Informer. And in all Suits upon this Statute, - the Defendant or Defendants

therein, having Ten Days Summons, as is used at the Courts of Common

Pleas at the first Court after Summons, shall appear, plead, and come to J°acou,ithe

Tryal, or the Court to give Judgment on such Action or Actions by Nihil dicit;

and upon all Tudgments on every Action grounded on this Statute, Execution immediate E*.

r,. , J 1 ° 7 ecution.

immediately to tnue.

And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Negro clause ii. or Negroes, being at the Meetings aforesaid, and doth not belong to any of the Persons present at the fame Meeting, then may any Person or Persons bring an Action grounded upon this Statute again!! any of the Persons present at the said For Meetings, at the Election of the Informer, for the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling strangeNe- ’ for every Negro and Negroes so present, as aforesaid, and shall recover Ten frn° feting' Pounds Sterling for every such Negro and Negroes, to be divided in the man- io/. Forfeiture ner before expressed; on which Action or Actions there shall be such Proceedings as is before appointed.

And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or clause nr: Persons whatsoever shall keep any School or Schools to instruct any Child or schoVbuc*'* Children in any Learning, unless such Person or Persons, in one Month after Publication hereof, first take the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy before some Allegiance and Justice of the Peace of the Parish where such Person lives, and have a Certi- Supremacy' ficate thereof; for which Certificate the Justice’s Clerk only to take for the Writing One Shilling Sterling; or that the Party have special Licence from the Except licensed Governor for the time being of this Island. nor. e °ver

And if any Person or Persons keep any School or Schools contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, for such Offence, suffer Three Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize, and shall forfeit Three Three Months thousand Pounds of JMufctyvadoe Sugar, the one Moiety to the Informer, the other to the publick Ufie of this Bland, to be sued for and recovered as a- of Sugar. foresaid.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or clauseiv. Persons whatsoever, that is not an Inhabitant and Resident of this Island, and ^h0on^"epnr^ch hath been so for the Space of Twelve Months together, shall hereafter pub-been here n lickly discourse or preach at the Meeting of the (ft.takers, upon the Penalty of Months' suffering Six Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize, and shall forfeit Ten thousand Pounds of Mufcoyadoe Sugar, the one Moiety to such Person as shall sue for the fame, the other to the publick Use of this Island, to be recovered in manner aforesaid. ’

Provided, That all Action or Actions upon this Statute be brought within Six Months next after the Offence.

Taj's'dthe SLifiof April, \6-j6.

A supplemental Act to a former A St, intituled, An Act for SitJ.99* the better ordering and governing of Negroes.

An Act for binding out of Apprentices.

313° 200.

Expired.

An Act for the Explanation to the AB of Negroes, and to pro- ESrV01, bibit the bringing of Indians to this l/land.

An

8

96 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

J^.\20Z- An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Payment of the Excise of this Island.

eEkt«2°3* An Act for the better enabling the Executors of William Plumley deceased, to fell his Estate for the Payment of his Debts.

E^r4, An Act for reviving and continuing the Authority of Commissioners far settling the publick Accounts.

M° 205. An Act appointing Satisfaction to the Owners of fitch Negroes sbfoiete. as foave lately suffered Death for their Rebellion.*

J-j^206- An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this Iflatid; and another AB, intituled An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Payment of the Excise of this Island.

113° 207. An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies upon the inhabitants of this Island by Forestallers, Ingrossers, and Regrators.

INASMUCH as a few Persons of late Years, by feigned Bills of Loading, and by other Crafts and Engines, have forestalled the Market, and ingrossed into their Possessions and Disposal most of the Beef, Pork, Fish, Salt, and other dead Victuals brought to this Island; For Remedy whereof. Be it Clause 1. enacted by his Excellency Sir Jonathan Atkins Knight, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, no No Beef, &c. Person or Persons whatsoever, after Publication hereof, shall fell, barter, or foreanOathbe dispose of any Beef, Pork, Fish, Salt, or other dead Victuals or Provision that taporteditfor at any ^rfte or times, after the Date hereof be brought to this Island, was consigned or any Harbour, Port or Creek thereof, before such time as he or they who to him. felleth or disposeth thereof, or offereth the same to Sale, maketh Oath on the

Holy Evangelists, That such Beef, Pork, Fish, Salt, or other dead Victuals or Provision, was really and bona fide consigned and sent by Bill of Loading from some Foreign Part beyond the Seas to him or them in this Island," that so felleth or offereth the lame to Sale or that he or they who disposed of the fame, or offereth the same to Sale, did themselves bring such Beef, Pork, Fish, Salt, or other dead Victuals, as aforesaid, without any Manner of Craft or Equivocation whatsoever, to this Island from some Part beyond the Seas j which Oath to be taken before the next Justice of the Peace to the Place where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive and unload, who is to record such Oath, and give a Certificate thereof without any Reward* And whatsoever Person or Persons shall offend contrary to the Tenor of this Act, shall be deemed and adjudged a Forestaller, and shall fuller such Penalties as in this Act hereafter is expressed.

And

97

TBe L AWS of BARBADOES.

And for that there is no better Means to deter the Wickedness of Offend-ders than by the Severity of Punishment, It is hete'by further enacted by the chufeiL Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Perform, by an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of our late dread Sovereign Edward VI. King of England, dCc. described to be a Forestaller, Ingrosser, or Regrator, shall be in this Island deemed and judged such an Offender ,• and every Person and Persons complained of, or informed against to be a Forestaller, Ingrofter, or Regrator, by the said Statute of England, or by this or any other Statute of this Island, such Person or Persons shall be bound to appear, at the Election of the In- '

former, either to the General or any Quarter Sessions of this Island, in the an offender Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling, with Sureties in Twenty Pounds Sterling each. ^Vandsereon*. And if at the General or Quarter Sessions such Person or Persons be found ‘ft offence guilty of any the said Offences, for the first Offence such Person- or Persons id offence shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds Sterling* for the second Offence he or jd offence they shall forfeit Sixty Pounds Sterling j and for the third Offence shall be set aina^Go^s on the Pillory, and there stand for the Space of Two whole Hours, and also and cha-teu. shall forfeit all the Goods and Chattels that he or they, at the time of the Offence, shall hold in their own Right; the one Moiety of all which Forfeitures to be to the Informer, or he or they that fueth for the fame, and the other Moiety to the publick Use of this Island. And Further it shall and may be lawful to and for every Informer or Informers, for any the Offences aforesaid, vUcinas . to foe for any the said Forfeitures in the Court of Comhion Plea's held for the Precincts of St. Michael's in this Island; in which Suit there shall be such Proceedings as by the Act of Excise of tills Island is appointed^ in which also no Protection, EiToign, or Wager of Law shall be allowed : And every OfFerrce against this or any other Statute against Forestallers, <jo. shall be deemed and . taken as a Nusance against the Weal Publick of this Island. Nufar.ce.

Provided nevertheless, That none shall be twice punished for one Offence, or that this Act, or any thing therein contained, do and shall not _ ex-Not to extend tend to the Huckfters or Market People in this Island, who fell out Salt, Vic-peop^1*6* tuals, and Provisions by small Quantities in the Market Towns of this Eland only.

Provided also. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who are to make Oath by this Act, and their Perswasions will hot give^0"^" him or them leave so to do, to produce a sufficient Witness to testify the Te-another may nor of the Oath in this Act. appointed, so as such Oath be taken and recorded, asdolt-aforesaid.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person of Clatt& 1IL Persons whatsoever, after any Beef, Pork, Fish, Salt, or other dead Victual of Provisions is brought on Shore, or into any Harbour, Road, or Creek, of any part of this Island, shall buy and carry off the fame, or any part thereof, into any Ship, Sloop, Boat, or other Vessel, with ah apparent Intent to transportNone to tnnf-the fame from this Island, upon the Penalty, Lois, and Forfeiture of the Ship,}^Jiauaii Sloop, Boat, or other Vessel, with all its Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, F urni- Loft of ship ture, and Apparel, so seeming to carry the fame off, together with the fame""1 Goodi Victuals or Provisions.

And in case such Beef, Pork, Fish* Salt, or other dead Victual be not difo .-covered and seized before the fame, is font from this Island, then shall such Person or Persons as lent the fame off, contrary to the Intent of this Act, forfeit?/: for every Five Pounds Sterling for each Barrel of Beef, Pork, or Hundred of Fiftij Salt,porkfto!oBir or Hundred Weight of other dead Victuals 5 the one Moiety of the said feve-®£Wfo>SaU. ral Forfeitures to be to the Informer, the other to the publick Use of this Island,off’convey* aid to be recovered in manner, aforesaid, unless the fame be for the ttecessary T Use and Provision of such Ship, Sloop, Boat, or other Vessel’s Company andt,rov‘llon Passengers.

N Lajtty,

98 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Ciiufe iv. Lastly. It is enacted and appointed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Market of this Island for the time being, or his Deputy or Deputies, do, from time to time, take all due care, that this, and all other the Acts aforesaid be duly observed, otherwise to prosecute the Offender or Offenders, upon the Penalty of losing his or their Offices or Places, who are here-informer?' by the Persons appointed to be the Informer or Informers upon all or any of the Statutes aforesaid.

Faff'd the 29th of November 1676.

J0° 208. An Act to prevent the breaking up and taking away of any •xpired. Rocks or Stones in any part of the Sea or Sea Shore before this Island.

Sets?09* t° burthen those who have Rent Charges, and Profits,

ifining out of Lands and Negroes in this Island, to hear a Proportion of Taxes.

210. An Act to explain a Clause in the AB for establishing the Courts of Common Pleas within this Island.

ambles. 1X WHEREAS by the said Act it is appointed. That the Chief Judge of each respective Court shall command the Appearance of Defendants in . all causes whatsoever, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, which the De- I fendant is to be served with, or the lame to be left at the Defendant’s House, as by the said Act: appears : And whereas the respective Judges of this Island,! to the end they might hold to one Form therein, have heretofore agreed upon j the Method and Manner of the said Writ of Summons ♦ and that after it had i been duly served, as by the Act required, it should be returned into the Court from whence it issued : Notwithstanding which the Courts have proceeded variously, some of them having made Return of the said Summons, leaving only a Certificate thereof of the Officers with the Defendant, and others having made no Return, but left the Warrant of Summons with the Defendant: And for that the Variety of the Ways, tending to one and the feme Effect, may not chure I. be construed to produce any Error in the Proceedings thereon, Be it enacted by his Excellency Sir Jonathan Atkins Knight, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Writs of Summons heretofore issued from any of the said respective Courts of this Island, and left in the Defendant’s Hands, and all such Writs of Summons as have issued from the Court of Common Pleas held for the Precincts of St. Mi-chael'f, &c. which have been returned, and Notice left with the Defendant, as aforesaid, shall be held good and lawful Summons in all causes for the time past; but for the future the several Judges are to proceed according to the former Law.

Akd for the avoiding Corruption and other Abuses that may be fupjoofed to arise by reason of leaving the Original Writs of Summons with the Defendant, and no Copy or Copies thereof kept by the Judge, It is further enacted by the Authority

99

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Judges in their several Pre- enufc n. cinCts of this Island, before the issuing out any such Writ, do cause the same to "airiy en-be fairly entred in a Book of Entries for that Purpose to be by tfiertl in their wd in a book

i y betoie they be

respective Preempts kept. irfuedout.

Pdfs’d the 29th of November, \6~]6.

An Act for the securing the Possejpou of Negroes emd^j-11-Slaves. xp!re ‘

A Repeal of an Act, intituled, An Act For Encouragement of jB° 212. the Manufacture of this Island. obfoiete.

An Act for Continuance of an Act, intituled, A Supplemental K^°led\13-Adb to a former Act for the better ordering and governing of Negroes.

An Act appointing the Sale in open Market of EjffeBs attached JI3° 214-for the Excise, the Parish Dues, and Servants Wages.

WHEREAS the Custom of this Island hath been. That where Executi- prejmbfc.

ons or Attachments have been levied upon Goods, Chattels, or, other Effects, for the Satisfaction and Payment of Parish Dues, and Servants Wages, such Effects have been appraised by Two Men of the same Parish, and if the Effects so appraised exceed the Debt and Charges, then was the Parish, or the poof Labourer, conftraihed to pay the Overplus; and many times the Effects so appraised were valued at One Third more than the fame could ever afterwards be sold for : For Remedy of which Inconveniencies, Be it enacted by his Ex- chute 1. Cellency Sir Jonathan Atkins Knight, Captain General and Chief Govierhor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases hereafter, where any Attachment is made, or Execution levied upon any Negroes, Goods,

Chattels, or other Effects that are Moveables, for the Satisfaction of any Parochial Levy or Assessment imposed and laid for the Use of the Parish, by the major part of any Vestry of any Parish in this island, or for the Satisfaction Of iahy Servant or Labourer’s Hire or Wages within the Cogniiance of a Justice of Peace, that such Effects should be outcried and fold within those Hours, and Erica, when to between the First Day of January and the last of September in every Year, as is omened an<1 used by the Courts of Common Pleas (except for Labourers and Servants Wages, for which Markets shall continue all the Year) and every Day in every Week in that time shall be as a Market Day, if the justice of Peace from whom the Execution issues, or the Churchwarden, who makes the Attachment, shall so appoint. And such Outcries to be at the Market Towns foi* the Precincts outcries to be where the Attachment is made, pr Execution levied j and where the Party "wm^the* Debtor refuses to shew such Effects, as aforesaid, or the Officer, as aforesaid, PrKin5’,vl":re cannot meet with such, then it is and shall be in the Election of the Vestry ofattached* such Parish, or the Creditor, as aforesaid, either to cause the Person of the Debtor po be taken into Execution, or to lay and levy the fartie upon his Land's or Buildings, if he have' any j the Which fh&U be outcried as Chattels, in the Method by this Act appointed upon Executions, for want of Payment of the said Duty of Excise.

N 2 An»

ioo TheLAWSof BARBADOES.

Oause u. And it is declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Buyersnot Persons buy any Effects aforesaid, at any the Markets aforesaid, and doth not Penalty on the Pay for the fame in the time used in the Courts of Common Pleas upon Sales Marshai suffer- made at Outcry, then shall such Buyer incur such Penalties and Forfeitures as w|o^road?erare accustomed in the said Courts of Common Pleas : And where any Person or Persons are taken in Execution by force of this Act, it shall not be in the Liberty or Power of the Provost Marshal, or any other Officer of this Island, to suffer such Prisoner to go Abroad with any Keeper or without, upon Penalty of paying to the Creditor or Creditors double the Debt and Charges for which such Debtor is taken in Execution, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Common Pleas in this Island, unless it happen that the Debtor breaks Prison, or that he go Abroad with the Consent of the Creditor : And Estate of the where the Body is in Prison as aforesaid, any Estate that can be afterwards met wAttachment, with, either Real or- Personal, shall notwithstanding be liable to the Satisfaction of the Recovery and Charges, ciaufciii. Also it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Executions chawek* uP°n Judgments for want of Payment of the said Duty of Excise, the Effects for Payment of to be hereafter attached thereon, be the fame Lands, Tenements, or Build-Debts' ings, they shall be deemed and taken as Chattels, and shall be sold by Outcry to the Person or Persons that will give most for the fame, at the Place where the Buildings or Tenements are, or Lands liej which Outcry shall be, in all Respects, as effectual to the Creditor or Buyer, as if there had been an Appraisement thereof j any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwith-franding.

Pdfs’d the 15 th of March, 1676.

JJ3o An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, Intituled, An Act fexpued. ‘ for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported this Island and another AB, Intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Payment of the Excise of this Island.

3$o 216. dn dB for Continuance of divers ABs of this Island.

Expired.

312« 217. An Act appointing what Freeholders shall he capable to

Coinmiflian.

elect at the choosing of Representatives and Vefiries for this Island.

50° 218. An Act for raisitg a Levy of Two Founds of Sugar per Acre, obfoiete. Frpe Founds of Sugar per Negro.

jqo 2I9. An Explanatory AB to the AB of Underwritings and dr-

Expired. refis.

BE it enacted, &c. That hereafter no Warrant of Arrest shall be return^ ablqjn any Court of Common Pleas within this Island, but in the Pre-cinfts where the Party’s Residence is generally known to be, that is arrested j and all Arrests otherwise shall be void. Dated the 11 th of July, 1677.

An

IGI

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

An JB impowering Benjamin Middieton Ejqj to Jell his Estate JI3° 220. for Payment of his Debts.

- An Act for the more speedy Remedy in Dislrejfes taken Damage f®"ed2bz !hS

Feafant. Commission.

An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled3 An Adfc JS° 222, for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors im- £*pired' ported this Island; and another AB, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Pajmient of the Excise of this Island.

An Act to explain a Branch of d former AB for ordering andfj^tby governing of Negroes.

by the Act made the Srh of Au-ff»y?,idS8.

An Act for laying an Im on Wines and other Liquors ini-f®?J,z*' ported this Island;

An Act to enable Colonel William Bate to receive the Debts by owlete25' him contrasted relating to the Excise.

An Act to continue the AB of the Militia. 513°' 226.

Expired.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for Allowance of a second H2° 227. free Entry of the dead ProduBions of this Island lojlor taken3 Expired' &c. relating to the Four and a half per Cent.

An Act for the Supply of a Strength of Labourers to the Re-pairing and Finishing of Fortifications and Breajt Works3 and Building new ones3 where Occasion requires.

An ABto encourage the bringing of Ghrifiian Servants.

Commission of Sir famhan Atkins.

A suppletiientdi AB to the AB of Mxcise.

JI3° 230.

Expired.

An Act for the better Regulating the Manner of giving Tickets 23 out of the Secretary’s Office. I xpired’

An Act to continue the AB of Militia.

8

is* 232.

Expired.

An

102

The LAWS of BARRADOES.

Stte!33* 'A* for fifing a further Levy to defray the Charge of Building, Rebuilding, and Repairing our several Fortifications and Breast Works,

j&° 25^ An Act for the Supply of a further Strength of Labour-Dbfoiete. ers f0 tjje Repa'iring anJ Finishing of Fortifications and Breast Works, and Building new ones, where Occasion requires.

235. A Supplemental A3 to the Idte A3 for a further Supply of >bfotece. Labourers to the Repairing and Fmishing Fortifications and Breast Works.

23s. An Act to continue an Act to prevent the People called Quakers Sxataat from bringing Negroes to their Meetings.

Richard but. ton’s time for Six Months, andflnce expired.

jf2° 237. An Act to repeal part of an Act for Continuance of an Act for AaSette the better ordering and governing of Negroes.

8 th of Ausrufi,

16S8.

jQo 238. An Act to strengthen the Militia of this Island.

Repealed.

512° 239. An Act to revive the Excise.

Expired.

jqo 24*># An Act for the settling Six Acres and Thirty Perches of Land\ and Two Negroes, in the Representatives of the Parish of Christ Church, for maintaining Five poor People, by the Gift of Mr. Philip Trowel.

I’tejmbk-.

Cim'e L

WHEREAS Mh Philip Trowel3 of the Pafiih of Christ Church in this Island, Planter, being well and charitably disposed, did, by his Dteed indented, bearing Date the Tenth Day of this Instant dpril, settle and convey Six Acres of Land, and Thirty Perches, with its Appurtenances, lying and being in the said Parish of Christ Church, and Island aforesaid, together with One Negro Man, and One Negro Woman therein named, to Nathaniel Kingjlani, and Richard Seazvell Esquires, the present Representatives of the said Parish of Christ Church, and their Successors, Representatives of the said Parish for ever, for or towards the Support or Maintenance of Five poor decayed JLnglish Men of the said Parish, with full Power and Authority to settle and place such Five poor Men, with other Powers and Authorities to them and their Successors given, relating thereto, as by the said Deed, relation being thereunto had, doth and may appear : And to the intent so good and pious a Gift may take efifed to all Intents and Purposes, as by the said Deed is intended, Be it therefore ordained and enacted, and it is hereby ordained, enacted, and declared by his Excellency Sir Jonathan Athinr Knight, Governor in Chief of this Island, the Council, and Representatives of this Island now assemblfed, and by Authority of the same, That the said Six Acres and Thirty Perches of

Lrr^.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

i°5

Land, with its Appurtenances and Negroes mentioned in the said Deed, bearing Date the said Tenth Day of this Instant April, are fully and effectually conveyed and settled by the said Deed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof: And that the said Nathaniel Khzgfland and Richard Sea well, the present Representatives of the said Parish, and their Successors, Representatives of the said Parish, are hereby declared and enacted to have full Power and Au- Ref^-thority to take and hold by the said Deed for ever, to and for the Uses therein ltnwivest r declared : And that the said Deed is full and effectual for the Purposes thereby 0 1 intended, and shall be so judged, deemed, taken, and reputed. Dated the 15 th Day of April, in the Year of our Lord, according to the Computation of the Church of England, 1675.

Tap'd the 15 th of April, 167J.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts E^r0ed24r" of this Island.

An Act to continue the AB of the Militia. E§*df44'

An Act to revive and continue an Act for binding out Appren- 43 tices.

An Act to continue an Act to prevent the breaking and taking H26 244. away of any Rocks or Stones in any part of the Sea or Sea-E3Cp,rtd' jbore before this Island.

An Act to continue an Act to burthen those who have Rent J13° 245. Charges and Profits iJJ'uing out of Land and Negroes in this °bMtte' Islandto bear a Proportion of Taxes.

An Act to continue the AS of Excise. jl3° 246.

Exp'red.

An Act for raising a Publick Stock to discharge the Lojfes of 247. Negroes suffering by Appointment of Loco. E*plred-

An additional AB to an Act, intituled, An Act for Allowance Ji3° 248. of a Second free Entry for the dead Productions of this Island loft or taken, relating to the Four and a half per%^‘ Cent.

An Act for Continuance of divers ABs of this Island B° 249-

An

104

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

313° 250* An Act for raising a Levy to defray the Charge of Building, Rebuilding, and Repairing our several Fortifications and

Breafi Works, and other publick Occasions.

jfliet-251' •^n for the better enabling the Executors of William V Plmnley deceased\ to fell his Estate for the Payment of his Debts.

313° 252*

Expired.

313° z$3-

Expired.

An Act to continue the AB of Excise. An Act to continue the ABs of the Militia.

5J3° 254. jjn AB for the more effectual putting in Execution a Statute of England, IntituledAn Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by a late Statute of England, made in the Five and twentieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, It is enacted, That all and every Person or Persons that shall bear an Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or mail receive any Pay, Salary, Fee, or Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant, or shall have Command, or Place, or Trust from or under His Majesty, or from any of His Majesty's Predecessors, or by His or Their Authority, or by Authority derived from Him or Them, shall take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and likewise make and subscribe a Declaration in the said Act expressed : And whereas the Laws and Statutes of England (save only such as have received Alteration by the necessary Laws, Constitutions, and Usages of this Island) do extend to this Place both in Privilege and Penalty, and are and ought to be here in full Force; but for that also the Times and Places let down in the said Act for taking the said Oaths, and making the said Declaration, cannot here be. observedand complied with : To the end therefore the said Statute may here take due Effect, Be it enacted by his Excellency Sir nathan Alkms Knight, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Council and the Representatives of this Island, and by Authority aforesaid. It is enacted, That all the Persons inhabiting'or residing iii this Island, that, shall bear any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or shall receive any Pay, Salary, Fee, or . Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant from .His Majesty, or shall ha,Ve Command or Place of Trust from or under. His Majesty, or by Authority derived from Him, as in the said Act is exp'reffed, shall personally be. and appea.r in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or before the Governor aha Council' at their Publick Sitting, or in any ’one of His Majesty's Courts of Common Pleas for this Island; and there in publick and open Court, some time before the Tenth Day of April next enfu->ng> take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration follow-• ing, 8

I A. B.

io5

Tie LAWS of BARBADOES.

I A.B. do declare, That I do believe that there is not any Transubstantiation in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, or in the Elements of Bread and Wine, at or after the Consecration thereof by any Person whatsoever.

A hd in is further enabled by the Authority a fore fa id. That what Person or Persons soever within this Island, shall hereafter be taken or admitted into any of the Office or Offices, Powers or Trust before mentioned, he and they shall, within Two Months after finch AdmiJfion, take the said Oaths, and make the said Declaration in manner aforesaid.

And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Persons aforesaid chat shall neglect or ref life to take the said Oaths, and make the said Declaration, as is before provided, shall incur and undergo tire same Penalties and Forfeitures which are appointed by the said Statute, to be recovered in the Court of Common Pleas where the Offender liveth.

And JLnJUy, It is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts aforesaid, to give and administer the Oaths aforesaid to the Person or Persons aforesaid, in manner as aforesaid and upon the due Tender of any such Person or Persons to take the said Oaths and Declarations, the said Courts are hereby required and enjoyned to administer the same, and keep a Register thereof. Given under my Hand the lpch of February, i6j8.

Jonathan Atkins.

An Act to revive and continue an AR, appointing a Committee 255. for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island. txptred. 3

An Act to revive and continue an AR, for securing the Possess .256. fion of Negroes and Slaves. Kpired

An Act for the speedy collecting of all Arrears of Levies of Su- jf*p 257. gar, and Labour of Hands, appointed by divers ARs, for the Oblolt<:" speedy finishing the Fortifications and Breast-voorks of this Island.

An Act to revive and continue several ARs of the Militia. js° 25s.

fe Expired.

I.

An AR repealing an Act for Allowance of a Second free Entry JI3° 259* of the dead ProduRions of this Island loft or taken, and re-Expired' lating to the Four and a half per Cent.

An Act to continue an Act for the better regulating the man- ja° 260. ner of giving Tickets out of the Secretary's Office. Expired.

O

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

106

jl2° 261. An Act for defraying wild Monkies and Raccoons.

Expired.

j£n f0 rev}ve ang continue an Act, appointing a Committee for settling the Piibl'ick Accounts of this Island.

j0o 263. An Act for raising a Levy to defray the Charge of building, re•

D J i'te' pairing, and finifloing the Leeward Fortifications and Breajt• works, and other Publick Occasions of this Island.

E^r°ed26+‘1; for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island.

312° 265. An Act for settling an Impofi on the Commodities of the Growth of this Island.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS our late Sovereign Lord Charles I. of Blessed Memory, did, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, grant and convey unto James Earl of Carlisle, and his Heirs for ever, the Propriety of this Eland of Barbadoes: And His Sacred Majesty that now is, having by Purchase inverted himself in all the Rights of the said Earl of Carlisle, and in all other Right which any other Person may claim from that Patent, or any other, and thereby more immediately and particularly hath taken this Island into His Royal Protection : And His most Excellent Majesty having, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the Twelfth of June, in the Fifteenth Year of His Reign, appointed his Excellency Francis Lord JPillougUq of Barham, Optain General and Chief Governor of Barbadoes, and all the Gharibbee Islands, with full Power and Authority to grant, confirm, and allure to the Inhabitants of the fame, and their Heirs for ever, all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments under His Majesty's Great Seal appointed for Barbadoes and the rest of the Charibbee Islands, as. Relation being therunto had, may and doth more at large appear. And whereas by Virtue of the said Earl of Car-li/le's Patent, divers Governors and Agents have been sent over hither, with Authority to lay out, set, grant, or convey in Parcels, the Lands within this Island, to such Persons as they should think fitwhich was by them, in their respective times, as much as in them lay, accordingly performed. And whereas many have lost their Grants, Warrants, and other Evidences for their said Lands, and others, by reason of the Ignorances of those times, want sufficient and legal Words to create Inheritances in them and their Heirs that never recorded their Grants or Wai rants; and others.

Proof of any Grants or Warrants they ever had for their Lands, and yet have been long and quiet Possessors of the fame, and bestowed great Charges thereon. And whereas the Acknowledgment of Forty Pounds per Head, and other Taxes and Compositions formerly raised to the Earl of Carlisle, was held very heavy : For a full Remedy therefore for all the defects afore related, and quieting the Possessions, and settling the Tenures of the Inhabitants of this Island, Be it enacted by his Excellency brands Lord Willoughby of Parham, &c. his Council, and Gentlemen of the Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That notwithstanding the Defects afore related, all the now rightful Possessors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within this Island, according to the Laws and Customs thereof, may at all times repair unto his Excellency for the full Confirmation of their Estates and Tenures ,• and then and there shall and

may

, and others, that can make no

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

107

may receive such full Confirmation and Assurance under His Majesty's Great Seal for this Island, as they can reasonably advise or desire, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Am be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Payments of Forty Pounds of Cotton per Head, and all'other Duties, Rents, and Arrears of Rents, which have or might have been levied, be from henceforth absolutely and fully released and made void and that the Inhabitants of this Island have and hold their several Plantations to them and their Heirs for ever, in free and common Soccage, yielding and paying therefore at the Feast of St. Michael every Year (if the fame be lawfully demanded) One Ear of Indian Corn to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors for ever, in full and free Discharge of all Rents and Services for the future whatsoever, in Consideration of the Release of the said Forty Pounds, and in Consideration of the Confirmation of all Estates in this Island, as aforesaid, and in Acknowledgment of His Majesty's Grace and Favour, in fending to and appointing over us His said Excellency, of whose Prudence and moderate Government we have heretofore had large Experience, and do rest most afluifed thereof for the future.

And forasmuch as nothing conduceth more to the Peace and Prosperity of any Place, and the Protection of every Angle Person therein, than that the Publick Revenue thereof may be in some measure proportioned to the Publick Charges and Expences; and also well weighing the great Charges that there must be of Necessity, in the maintaining the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Authority here, the Publick Meeting of the Sessions, the often Attendance of the Council, the Reparation of the Forts, the building a Sessions-House and a Prison, and all other Publick Charges incumbent on the Government, do, in Consideration thereof, give and grant unto His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors for ever, and do most humbly desire your Excellency to accept these our Grants; and we humbly pray your Excellency, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by his Excellency Francis Lord Willoughby of 1'arbalti, Captain General and Chief Governor of this Island of Barbadoes, and all other the Charibbee Islands, and by and with the Consent of the Council, and the Gentlemen of the Assembly, Representatives of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That an Impost or Custom be, from and after Publication hereof, raised upon the Native Commodities of this Island, after the Proportions, and in Manner and Form, as is hereafter set down and appointed, that is to say. Upon all dead Commodities, of the Growth or Produce of this Island, that shall be shipped off the fame, shall be paid to our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs, and Successors for ever. Four and a half in Specie for every Five Score. ‘

And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods before mentioned, on which the said Custom is imposed and due by this Act, shall at any time hereafter be shipped or put into any Boat or other Vessel, to the Intent to be carried into any Parts beyond the Seas (the said Imposition due for the fame not paid, compounded for, or lawfully ten-dred to the Collectors or their Deputies, or not having agreed with the Commissioners for that Purpose to be appointed, of their Deputies, for the lame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act) that theh, and from thenceforth, shall the said Goods be Forfeit, the one Moiety thereof to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, and the other to him that shall inform, seize,' and sue for the fame in any Court of Record within this Island, Which Grants are left to your Excellency’s own way of Levying, in fufl .Confidence and Afc furance, that your Excellency will take such Course for the cbUe&iftg and gathering of the said Impost, without any Charge, Duty, or Fees, as majr tfe most; for the Ease of the People of this IflancL

Provided nevertheless, That neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend or be construed to i>ar His Majesty, or his said Excellency,'

O 2 from

io8

266.

Expired.

312° 267.

Expired.

312® 268.

Expired.

312° 269.

Obsolete.

312° 270,

Expired.

312® 271.

Expired.

312° 272.

Expired.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

front His or their Right to any Land granted, or any Incroachments made upon the Sea, since the Year One thousand six hundred and fifty, or to any Lands commonly called or known by the Name of The Ten thousand Acres, the Merchants Land granted by the late Earl of Carlisle, or his Father, unto. Marma-duke Raw den Esqj William Perkins,. Alexander Banijiety'E dmond Forjier, Captain Wheatley, and others their Associates, on certain Covenants and Conditions-

Provided also, That the Growth and Produce of the said Lands mentioned in the preceding Proviso, be not liable to any Tax, Import, or Custom imposed by this Act } any thing in the fame seeming to the contrary notwirh-standingi -

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Ad made the Nineteenth Day of October, One thousand six hundred and fifty. Intituled, An Act importing the Customs imposed and granted by the Council, and Gentlemen of the Assembly, to the Right Honourable Francis Lord Willoughby of Parham, Lord Lieutenant General of the Province of Carliola, and Governor of Barbadoes j as also his Lordship’s Confirmation of the Right of the Inhabitants of this Island to their several Estates, with the Tenure and Rent thereon created, be and is from hencefore repealed, made void, frustrate, of none Effect, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever. Given under my Hand this 12th Day of September, 1663.

Sign’d, Francis Willoughby.

An Act concerning Replevins.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, appointing a Committee for Settling the Publick Accounts.

An Act to continue divers A3s of this Island.

An Act for a Supply of a further Strength of Labourers to the Repairing and Finishing of Forts and Fortifications, and Building new ones, where Occasion requires, and raising Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof.

An Act appointing a Committee for Settling the Publick Accounts of this Island.

An Act to revive and continue divers A3s of this Island.

An Act to revive and continue an A39 Intituled, An Act for taking off the Eighty Days after Execution for future Con* tradfc.

8

T

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

A

IO9

An Act to revive and continue an Act appointing. the Sale in J^okc^72' open Markets, of Effects attached for the Excise, the Parish Dues, and Servants Wages and a Declarative AB upon the AB making Negroes Real Estate.

An Act for computing the Arrears of Publick Levies into Money. j3° 274<

Obsolete.

An Act to revive and continue divers ABs of this Island. jqo 27$.

Expired.

An Act for the raising a Levy for the better defraying some 3130276. Publick Occasions. °bfulere-

An Act to confirm the Lease of Fontabell to his Excellency Sir jq0 277. Richard Dutton Knight, Governor, of this Island. Expired.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, appointing a Committee j^o 27s. for Settling the Publick Accounts of this Island. Expired.

An Act appointing Red Coats to be worn by all the Foot Militia 313° 279. of this Island. ' fheAa^r.

' lltia.

An Act to revive an Act, IntituledA11 Act for the Settlement 28o. of the Militia of this Island. Expired.

An Act for defir oying wild Monkies and Raccoons.

313° 281.

Expired.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, Intituled, An Act for 2g2> the Settlement of the Militia of this Island. Expired.

An Act for the better Regulating the manlier of giving Tickets 5130 283, out of the Secretary s Office;

WHEREAS sundry Persons have of late departed this Island to ^"Preamble.;

maica, the Leeward idands, and other new Settlements, and left behind them their Wives and.Children, many of; which are,- and others.may become burthenfbmeto the PariiHes they are left in : To prevent which; Inconr yeniency, and to the intent no such Person may hereafter so depart this Island,.

It is enacted by his Excellency Sir .Richard Dutton Knight, : Captain General and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the 'Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and, by Authority of the faifie.

That from and after Publication hereof, no such Person shall be admitted to

IIO The i^o/BARBADGES.

a Ticket from the Secretary to depart this Iftind, unless he bring front forne Justice of the Peace a Certificate to the Secretary, that, he well knows him, or «tjc-secretary, that Proof is made by Oath, before him that he is a Angle Man, and commonly reputed as fuchj and hath no Charge of Children > dr if he hath Wife and Children in this Island, that he is Owner of a competent Estate sufficient in this Island for their Maintenance, or hath given good Security to some of the Justices of the Peace of the Patish where he lives, that his Wife and Children, or any of them, shall not hereafter become a Burthen or Charge to the said Parish, or any other Parish of this Island. And the Secretary, or his Deputy officiating in the said Office, is required not to issue any Ticket to any Person without such Certificate, upon Pain of answering the Damage of such Parishes as shall suffer thereby. Given under my Hand this 14th Day of July, 1682.

Sign’d, Richard Dutton.

ilpircd* to encourage the bringing of Christian Servants, and to

prevent their running away, or being sent off this Island.

owbi«e85' An Additional Act to an Act, Intituled, An Act for a Levy on Land and Negroes, to discharge the necessary Debts, and for providing for the Security of this Island.

312° 286. An Act appointing the Sale in open Markets, of Effects attached far Arrears.

Preamble? T T WHEREAS the Custom of this Island hath been. That where Execu-VV tions or Attachments have been levied upon Goods, Chattels, or other Effects, for the Satisfaction and Payment of Parish Dues, and Servants Wages, such Effects have been appraised by Two Men of the same Parish j and if the Effects so appraised exceed the Debt and Charges, then was the Parish, or poor Labourers, constrained to pay the Overplus j and many times the Effects so appraised were valued at far more than the fame could ever afterwards be Oaufet fold for : To remedy which Inconveniency, be it enacted by his Excellency Sir Richard Dutton Knight, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Aflem-How Effete , bly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That in all Cafes hereafter, and omcried. where Attachments are made, or Execution levied upon any Negroes, Goods, Chattels, or other Effects that are Moveables, for the Satisfaction of any Parochial Levy or Assessment, imposed and laid for the Use of the Parish by the major part of any Vestry of any Parish in this Island, or for the Satisfaction of any Servants or Labourers Hire or Wages, within the Cognizance of any Justice of the Peace, such Effects shall be outcried and fold within those Hours, and between the first Day of January and the last of September in every Year, as is used by the Courts of Common-Pleas (except for Labourers or Servants Wages, for which Markets shall continue all the Year) and every Day in every Week in thait time shall be as a Market-Day, if the Justice of Peace from whom the Execution fifties, or the Church-wardefi, who makes the Attachment, shall so appoint. And such Outcries to be at the Market-Towns for the Precincts where the Attachment is made, or Execution levied : And the Charge and Trouble of the Carriage, or driving the attached Effects of Moveables to Market-Towns, and the Outcries, shall bepaid and fully recompensed to the Churchwardens

lit

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

wardens or Constables, or those that attend them, or their Deputies, out of the attached Effects of the Debtor or Offender. And where any Disputes arise relating to the Charge of Carriage, the same shall be ended and determined by some Justice of the Peace in the Parish where the Attachment was hiade; And where the Party Debtor refuses to shew such Effects, as aforesaid, or the Officer aforesaid cannot meet with such, then it is and shall be in the Election of the Vestry of such Parish, or the Creditor aforesaid, either to cause the Person of the Debtor to be taken into Execution, or to lay and levy the same upon his Lands or Buildings, if he have any,- the which shall be outcried as Chattels, in the Method by this Act appointed upon Executions for Arrears of Ex-cife.

Aud it is declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or TteBu^noc Persons buy any Effects, as aforesaid, at any the Markets aforesaid, and doth not pay for the fame in the time used in the Courts of Common Pleas upon Sales ties as ai-j a;> ' made at Outcry, then shall such Buyer incur such Penalties and Forfeiture^ as ojlTrfslf com-are accustomed in the said Courts of Common Pleas. And where any Person mon Pleas, or Persons are taken in Execution by Force of this Act, it shall not be in the Liberty or Power of the Provost Marshal, or any other Officer of this Island, to suffer such Prisoner to go Abroad with any Keepfer or without, upon Penalty of paying to the Creditor or Creditors double the Debt and Charges for which such Debtor is taken in Execution, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Common Pleas in this Island, unless it happen that the Debtor breaks Prison, or he go Abroad with the Consent of the Creditor : And where the Body is in Prison, as aforesaid, any Estate that can afterwards be met with, either Ileal or Personal, shall notwithstanding be liable to the Satite faction of the Recovery and Charges.

Ai so it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Executions Ctause in upon Judgments for want of Payment of the Arrears of the said Excise, the Effects to be hereafter attached thereon (be the fame Lands, Tenements, or Buildings) they shall be deemed and taken as Chattels, and shall be sold by Outcry to the Person or Persons that will give moll for the fame, at the Place where the Buildings or Tenements are, or Lands lie 5 which Outcry shall be, in all Respects, as effectual to the Creditor or Buyer, as if there had been an Appraisement thereof; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

P afs'd the 12 th of July, 1682.

An dB for raising Montes to t/je Fortifications of this Island, and for other Services of His Majesty.

An additional AS to an Act, Intituled, An A6fc For the raif- JI3° 288. in? Monies For the Fortifications of this lilaiid^ and fof°bfolet6 other Services of His Majesty.

An Act for the regulating the Gauge of Sugar Cash 289.

Expired.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, Intituled, A Supple- j$o %9Q. mental Act to a former Act for the better ordering and Expired-governing of Negroes; and an Act, intituled, An Act for the securing the Possession of Negroes.

An

112

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Expired"1^1* An Act to revive and continue an Act, appointing a Committee for settling the publick Accounts of this If and.

obfoiete^2* An Act for a Levy upon Wind-Mills.

oEL.e.93' An Act for the further Accommodation of his Excellency in his intended Voyage.

t^ted?94. An Act to continue an Act, appointing a Committee for settling the publick Accounts of this Island.

195' An Act for the ascertaining the Bounds of the several Earishes, and inclosng the Church-Tar ds within this If and.

clausei. I 'QR ascertaining the Bounds of the Parishes of this Island, Be it enacted by his Excellency Sir Richard Dutton Knight, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, b» ruii ou*tl> ^iat where the Line, or any part of the Line, between Pari In. and Parish is obscure and doubtful, in such case the Churchwardens of either of the said Parishes concerned, may apply themselves to the Governor of this Island for the time being, who is hereby to grant an Order unto Two of the next Justices of the Peace, that neither live nor have Land in either of the said Parishes, thereby commanding them to cause so much of the said Line as is doubtful, to be run out by some able sworn Surveyor or Surveyors; and the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to issue out their Warrant to the Churchwardens of the said Parishes, to appear at a Place and Time certain to see such Line laid out; and also to such Surveyor or Surveyors as the said Justices shall think fit, requiring him or them to come at the said Time and Place to run out the said Line; and the said Justices are also authorized to summon all such Evidences they shall judge convenient, for clearing upon Oath any Doubts or Matters concerning the said Line j which Oath the said Justices have hereby

ci-ute n ^ower to administer.

The charge"to And be it further enacted, That the Charge of running out the said Lines ^och Parishes. horn by both she f^d Parishes in such Proportion as the said Justices,

with regard to the Clearness of the Right on either fide, shall appoint and determine; and if any Evidence or Witness shall fail to appear according to Summons, so that by this means the matter in Controversy cannot be decided,

, the said Justices may appoint another Meeting for that purpose, at the Charge

of the Witness or Witnesses so failing, to be levied, in case of Non-payment, by Warrant of Execution from the said Justices, as in case of Servants Wages.

And where by virtue of the L-ine or Lines so run, as aforesaid, any Parish obtains an Increase of Land by taking in any Plantation or Parcel of Land into the said Parish, which was not formerly accounted appurtenant or part of the Paroch ai Tax-said Parish, and paid Dues thereunto, such Land shall be from thenceforward tae'°Pariaild " obliged to pay its Proportion of all Parochial Taxes and Duties which shall be iT^%ndStob"d or raised in that Parish it becomes a Member of, by reason of the said

dSimged from Survey, and be freed from all Arrears whatsoever; and the Owner thereof rish°tli r shall be released or discharged out of the Parish Books where it was formerly

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

113

reputed to be, or paid for so much Land as he is charged for in the other Parish, as aforesaid.

And whereas the Church-yards in the several Pari files in this Island do for the most part want a sufficient and substantial Inclosure, Be it enacted by the cjClause^lir^ Authority aforesaid, That the Church-wardens and Vestries'of the respective tobek'ciofed. Parishes shall take Order, with all convenient Speed, for making a good Wall or Pale, or other decent and strong Fence, about all Parts of the Church-Yards belonging to each ParilTi, with good Gates or other Passages into the same.

And the said Vestries have Power by this Act to lay such Levies and Taxes upon their respective Parishes as shall be needful to this purpose j which shall be collected in the same manner, and by the lame Authority, as all other Pa-rifli Levies are.

Pass'd the 16th of March, 1682.

An Act for laying an Im on Wines and other Liquors ?96^ imported this Island. "pue

An Act to revive an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Settlement .297-of the Militia of this Island. xpire ’

An Act appointing a Committee for Settling the Publick Ac- Efp^98, counts of this Island.

An Act for holding a Court of Or and Sessions, Oyer and Ter- 315° ^99* miner, General Goal Delivery, and Commission of the Peace, in this Island.

An Act for more speedy Remedy in Distresses taken, Damage 315° 3°°* Feafant, and Trespasses done by Vorses, Cattle, and other living Chattels.

WHEREAS it hath been taken into Consideration, that frequently very PreaiabK ] costly, and sometimes very tedious Suits at Law do happen upon Reple^ vins of Distresses pretended to be taken Damage Feafant, when indeed the Damage hath been little or nothing, and the Distress detained rather to vex and charge the Owner, by forcing him to sue Replevin, than for any Harm done, or Satisfaction hoped thereby, and sundry Evils tending to the Impoverishment of the poorer fort are observed to follow the fame: To prevent the like for the [future, and that the Owner of the Distress may [not be injured by too long ^Detention thereof, nor the other Party for want of due Satisfaction, and both pave Right with the greatest Speed, Ease, and Equity, and with the least Cost [that may be. It is hereby ordained and enacted by his Excellency Sir Richard t; Dutton Knight, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, and by Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons that i shall have any his Horses, Cattle, or other living Chattels, of what kind soever, taken Damage Feafant, or so pretended to be, may repair to the next Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required and impowered, upon Complaint and Request of the Owner, to grant a Warrant to summqnsthe other Party before

ii4

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

A Justice to grant a bum moos.

To accord them.

appraise. An Oath.

To redeliver the Distresses.

Clause If.

him, to answer the said Complaint j and if upon hearing the Matter, and what shall be said on either fide, he the said Justice cannot accord the Parties, then grant a Warrant directed to Three of the Neighbouring Freeholders, them wSwad" requiring, or any Two of them, to view and appraise the Damage; upon Return whereof^ and Oath made by the Appraisers to the said Appraisement, as also Proof made of the Payment or Tender of what the Damage was appruifed unto, which the said Justice hath hereby full Power to administer : Or it the Party detaining shall not on Summons appear, or deliver the Goods detained, that then the Justice aforesaid shall issue a Warrant instead of a Replevin, to the next or any other Constable of the Parish where the Distress was taken, him requiring and commanding the said Distress to take, and the fame deliver and restore to the Complainant any Law or Custom heretofore used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Party distraining, or any other Person shall, to frustrate the Effect of this Act, or io JLceKo?theVe~ convey away such Distress, that the Constable cannot make Deliverance ac-Dtftreflfehin- cording to his Warrant, in such Case the Constable shall take such Offender, fidersi^mon and bring him before the said Justice, to whom if it appear he hath so done, to be arrested. the said Justice shall cause Chattels of the Party’s, to the Value, to be taken ^heredeUvetan<^ delivered to the Complainant, or in want thereof,shall commit the Offender to Prison, there to remain until the said Distress may be taken, and Deliverance made by the Constable, as aforesaid. And it shall be lawful for the Justice or his Clerk to receive and take for each Warrant Six Pence in Money, and for each Replevin Twelve Pence in Money. ifSofftey- Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning hereof, That in dispute of Ti- case of Distresses for Rent, or Pretence of Title where the Distress is taken, Tower Kor upon pleading Property to the Goods so distrained, that then the Power Common Law kereky piven the said Justice of the Peace, is immediately to cease, and the ommon w. j^ep|evjn to jfpue from the Common Law, where the fame Matter in Difference is to be decided, and not other wise.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons pleading Property, as aforesaid, doth not, iipon the Tryal of the Cause, make good the feme, the said Court where such Tryal is had, shall tax treble Cost against the Person so failing, as aforesaid; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Vafs'd the loth Day December, 1684.

Clause IV.

Treble Coll.

K3®3oi. An Act to revive an Act, IntituledA Supplemental Act to a ' former Act for the better Ordering and Governing of Negroes.

J12® 302. An Act to continue an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island.

3o3. Ah AB to importer Attorneys to confess Judgment upon particular War rants.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it has been a usual and lawful Practice for many of the Inhabitants of this Island, to confess Judgment by Warrant of Attorney, directed to some One of the Attorneys of His Majesty s Courts of Common

Pleas,

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

115

Pleas, therein warranting and desiring them to appear before a certain Judge, naming the said Judge of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas held for a certain Precinct of this Island, there before such Judge to confess Judgment, (jc.

And whereas it hath lately happened by Death and Removal of the Honourable the Judges of this Island, from one Court to another, into other Precincts than where they lived at the time of giving such Warrant, as aforesaid, it becomes impossible directly for the Attorney to pursue such Warrant, although the true Intent and Meaning thereof is only relating to the Judgment, and not the .precise manner of doing the fame. And whereas many Inconveniencies may thereby arise, in as much as Debtors under those Circumstances may either dispute or avoid their Judgments so to be confessed, as aforesaid : For Prevention of which Inconveniency, Be it enacted by his Excellency Sir Richard clause 1. Dutton Knight, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the C^aribbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That in such case where any of the At- Attorneys to torneys of His Majesty's Courts of Common Pleas in this Island have such War- mentbefarethe rants of Attorney directed to them, to confess Judgment before such Judge, Judge ©t the that is, since the giving of the fame, dead, or removed from the Precincts where £iSiwiing he was Judge at the time, it shall and may be lawful for such Attorney or At- ^'mov^of the torneys, by virtue of such Warrant, as aforesaid, to confess Judgment for such former judge. Sum or Sums of Money or Sugar, as in the said Warrant is contained, before the present Judge of that Precinct where the Judgment is to be confessed by virtue of such Warrant: Which said Judgment so to be confessed, as aforesaid, The judgment shall be as firm and binding, and as good and effectual in Law, as if the lametobe eff4ttual« had been confessed before the Judge named in the said Warrant: And the Attorney or Attorneys so confessing Judgment by virtue of such Warrant, is hereby and the Attor-indemnified in so doing . any Law, Custom, or Construction to the contrary ,ndemni* notwithstanding.

Taps'd the 19th of March, 1684.

An API impovoering the Committee of publick Accounts to col- 304.

lePl the Arrears of Labourers. Expired.

An Act to revive and continue an API for the destroying of mild 305. Monkies and Raccoon’s. Expired.

Horn Pyrates and Felonies done upon the Sea shall be tried and 3°6-punished.

FORASMUCH as several Colonies and Plantations belonging to ourPreamWe-moll Gracious Sovereign King Charles II. in America, have been lately infefted by a dangerous fort of People called Pyrates, who are not only Enemies to them of His Majesty's Settlement, but of all Mankind j And for that the Persons said to be Pyrates are mod commonly Thieves, Robbers, Murderers, and Man-flayers, and other Mifdoers contrary to the known Laws: And to the intent that all such that shall be taken in or about this Island, or brought Prisoners hither, may be proceeded against according to the Statute made in the Twenty eighth Year of Henry VIII. Delcaring and Enadting how Pyrates on the Seas shall be tried and punished Be it therefore Enacted by his Excel-' <3»uft 1 lency Sir Richard Dutton Knight, Captain General, and Governor in Chief of

P 2 this

il6 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

T^c*n(’ ^'this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and Gene-rried as often ral Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That whatsoever. c-s at Land. person OT persons that are or shall be taken, sent, or brought to this Island Pri-> foners, for having committed Treason, Felonies, Pyracies, or other Offences, upon the Seas, or in any. Creek, Haveh, or Bay in or about this Island, shall be . enquired, heard, tried, and determined in this Island, in such Form and Man-, ner, as if such Offences had been committed, perpetrated, and done upon the; Land, by virtue of a Commission under His Majesty's Seal appointed for this; and other the' Charibbee Islands, sign’d by His Majesty's Governor or Comman-; der in Chief, here for the time being, impowering One Person to be Chief: Judge, together with Five or more substantial Persons by him in the said Com- , million to be appointed, to hear, try, and determine the Offences aforesaid, I after the common Course of the Laws of the Kingdom of England: And such as shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences by Verdict, Confession, or Process, by Authority of any such Commisslon, shall have and suffer.such Pains of Death, Loss of Lands, Goods, and Chattels, as if they had been Attainted and Convicted of any such Crimes and Offences done upon the Land; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pass'd the 10th Day of December, 1684.

Soile7' *° *a*fe a Sum of Money to farm the Duty of Four

and a half per Cent, upon Commodities of the Produce of this Country exported this Island.

=J?red3°8, "^n. for laying an Imposition o?i Wines and other .Liquors 'xp‘ imported this Island.

SLl°9' to confirm the Lease of Fontabell unto his Excellency

Sir Richard Dutton Knight3 Sec.

313° 3IO>

Expired.

An Act inipovoering the Committee of Publish Accounts to col-leB the Arrears of Labourers.

313° 3"-

Expired.

An Act to revive and continue divers ABs of this Island.

313° 312*

ObfoUte.

An Act for a Levy upon Negroes.

Saiedb/' AB for the Governing and Retaining within this Island all such Rebels ConviB, as by His Majestys most Sacred Order or Permit3 have been, or shall be transported from his European Dominions to this Place.

£t!14* AnAB appointing a Treasurer of this Island.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

117

An Act appointing a Committee for Settling the Publick Ac- J®0 3*5-counts of this Island. ’

An Act to continue an Act, Intituled, An Act for laying an JI3° 316* Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported thisExp,red' Island- ' '

An Act to revive and continue divers A3s of this Island. JI2° 3*7-

• ’ . Expired.

An Act for laying dn Impojitio?! on Wines and other Strong

quors imported this Island. , xp,re ‘

An Act for laying a Duty on Shipping for the building of Piers, j|3°3i9. and clearing the Bar in Carlisle Road. Act^?.by

An Act impovoering a Committee to coUe3 the Laves. 312° 320.

Expired.

To the Right Honour able Edwin Stede, His Majestys Lieute- 22u nant Governor and Commafider in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Ijla?ids j A Present to him of One thousand Pounds Sterling.

An Act to revive and continue divers A3s of this Island. 3^0 322.

Expired.

An Act to continue an Act, intituled, An Act impowering a J13° 323. Committee to collect the Laws of this Island. Expired.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, appointing a Committee 324, for Settling the Publick Accounts of this Island. Expired,

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Li- j0° 325. quors imported this Island. Expired.

An Act to confirm the Lease of Fontabell to the Honourable 326. Edwin Stede, EJq; Expired'

ti8

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

J0°327- An Additional and Explanatory AB to an Act> Intituled, An Act for the governing of Servants, and ordaining Rights between Matters and Servants.

[Preamble.]

I ll WHEREAS many Disputes have arisen, whether Servants, Labourers, and Artificers, and all Persons that by an Act for good governing of Servants, and ordaining the Rights between Matters and Servants, may recover their Wages and Debts arising for Work done, against the Executor or Administratcr, before a Justice of the Peace, as well as they might have recovered the fame against the Testator or Intestate in their Life-tirhe : For removing of Cfeufe I. which Doubts and Disputes, Be it enacted and declared by the Right Honour-ornAdmirfiftia-a^e Edwin Stedey His, Majesty?s. Lieutenant Governor and Commander in forw>e«be? Chief of this and other tlre 'Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and fore a justice as General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That all teflaw°r °r ln*Persons that by virtue of the said Act may sue the Testator or Intestate before a Justice of the Peace, (half have the like Remedy against the Executor or Ad-frixnistrator.

clzufeit Amd whereas it is by the said Act provided. That the Debt or Duty recoverable before a Justice of the Peace, shall not be above the Sum of Four thousand Pounds of Sugar; so that the Balance of an Account often falls within that Sum, when the Debt is much beyond it: Be it therefore declared and The Balance - enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons, the Balance of whose g3r°orir/Sto* Accounts for Wages or Work done, doth not exceed the Value of Four thou-be cognizable, land Pounds of Sugar, "or Five and twenty Pounds Sterling, may sue before the Justice of the Peace, as by the Ad aforesaid is appointed. And the said Justice of the Peace hath hereby full Power to consider of the Value of the Materials that any Artificer upon Contract have made use of^ together with their Labour, not exceeding the Sum aforesaid, as well as by the said Act they may do of their Labour only; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pass'd the 15th Day of May, 1688.

328. An Act to.revive and continue divers ABs of this Island.

xpired. J u

J!39 329. An Act for the Governing of Negroes.

[Preamble.]

TTI WHEREAS the Plantations and Estates of this Island cannot be fully managed, and brought into Use, without the Labour and Service of great Numbers of Negroes and other Slaves : And forasmuch as the said Negroes and other Slaves brought unto the People of this Island for that Purpose, are of barbarous, wild, and savage Natures, and such as renders them wholly unqualified to be governed by the Laws, Customs, and Practices of our Nations : It therefore becoming absolutely necessary, that such other Con-ftinitions, Laws, and Orders should be , in this Island framed and enacted for 1 the good regulating and ordering of them, as may both restrain the Disorders, Rapines, and Inhumanities, to which they are naturally prone and inclined, with such Encouragements and Allowances as are fit and needful to their Support; that from both, this Island, through the Bleifing of God thereon, may be preserved. His Majesty's Subjects in their Lives and Fortunes secured, and the

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 119

the Negroes and other Slaves be well provided for, and guarded from the Cruelties and Insolencies of themselves or other ill-tempered People or Owners

To which Purpose, Be it enacted and ordained by the Right Honourable Edwin Stede, His Majesty's Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That no Mailer, Mistress, Commissioner, or Overseer of any Family in this Island, shall give their Negroes or other Slaves leave on Sabbath-days^ Holy-days, or any other time, to go out of their Plantations, except such Negro or other Slave as usually wait upon them at Home or Abroad, and wearing a Livery; and no other Negro or Slave, except with a Ticket under the Mailer’s or Mistress’s Hand, or some other Person by his or her Appointment, specifying the time allowed for his or her Return, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Negro or other Slave, so licensed to go Abroad, Two Shillings and Six Pence Sterling 5 Half of the said Fine to be to the Informer, and the other to the Publick Treasury. And if any Mailer, Mistress, Commissioner, or Overseer of a Plantation, shall find any Negro of other Slave in their.Plantation at any time without a Ticket, or Business from his said Mailer,1 and doth not apprehend them, or endeavour so to do; and having apprehended them, shall not punish them with a moderate Whipping, shall forfeit Ten Shillings Sterling, to be disposed of as aforesaid.

And for that it is absolutely necessary to the Safety of this Place,' that all due Care be taken to restrain the Wandrings and Meetings of Negroes and other Slaves at all times, more especially on Saturday Nights, Sundayr, and other Holy-days, and their using and carrying of Clubs, Wooden Swords, or other mischievous and dangerous Weapons, or using or keeping of Drums,-Horns, or other loud Instruments, which may call together,' of give Sign of Notice to one another of their wicked Defigrfs and Purposes; and that all Mailers, Overseers, and others, may be encouraged and enjoyned diligently and carefully to prevent the lame. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for all Matters, Overseers, and other Persons whatsoever^ to apprehend and take up any Negro or other Slave, that shall be found out of the Plantation of his or their Matter or Owner at any time, elpecijlly On Saturday Nights, Sundayr, or other Holy-days, not being on lawful Business, and with a Letter from their Matter, of a Ticket, or not haying a White Man with them (except only such Negroes Or other Slaves as usually attend their Matters, and have on a Livery) and the said Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, correct by a moderate Whipping; and after Notice given, to their Matter, Owner, or Overseer, him or them detain, until the said Matter, Owner, or Overseer pay to the said P'erson that took him up, T\vo Shillings and Six Pence for every such Negro of other Slave, he making Oath before the next Justice of the Peace (if thereunto required by the Owner of such Negro or other Slave) that he found of saw no Letter or Ticket with him; as also any Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, met of found out of the Plantation of his or their Matter or Mistress, though with a Letter or Ticket, if he or they be armed with such Clubs, or other offensive Weapons aforesaid, him or them lb dilarmed, take up and whip, and shall receive the lame Reward, as aforesaid, from the Matter or Owner of such Negro, or other Slave or Slaves $ and whatsoever Matter, Owner, or Overseer shall permit or (utter, his or their Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, at any time hereafter to beat Drums, blow Horns, or use any other loud Instruments, and shall hot cause his Negro-Houses once every Week to be diligently searched, and such Instruments, if any be found, cause to be burned, or whosoever shall suffer and countenance any publick Meeting or Feasting ol strange Negroes or other Slaves in their Plantations,1 shall forfeit Fifty Shillings Sterling for every such Offence, upon Gonvhftion or

Proof,

120

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Proof, as aforesaid : Provided an Information or other Suit be commenced within One Month after Forfeiture thereof for the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Overseer of a Family in this Island shall cause all his Negro-Houses to be searched diligently and effectually once every Fourteen Days for Fugitive and Run-away Slaves, Clubs, Wooden Swords, and other mischievous Weapons j and finding any so, to take them away, and cause them to be burned as also for Clothes, Goods, and any other Things and Commodities that are not given them by their Mailer, Mistress, Commander, or Overseer, and honestly come by; in whole Custody they find any thing of that kind, and suspect or know to be stolen Goods, the fame they shall seize and take into their Custody •, and a full and ample Description of the Particulars thereof in Writing, within. Six Days after the Discovery thereof, to send to the Clerk of the Parish for the time being, who is hereby required to receive the same, and to enter upon it the Day of its Receipt, and the Particulars to file and keep to himself; and shall set upon the Polls of the Church-Door a short Brief that such loll Goods are found, whereby any Person that hath loll his Goods may the better come to the Knowledge where they are, by further enquiring for stolen Goods, until he shall first declare what he hath loll, and the Marks and Descriptions thereof, and paid him Twelve Pence for the fame; by which, if the Clerk shall be convinced, that any part of the Goods certified to him to be found, appertains to the Party enquiring, he is to direct the said Party enquiring to the Place and Party where his Goods be, who is hereby required to make Restitution or what is in being to the true Owner, upon the Penalties of the Forfeitures of Twenty Shillings Sterling for every Neglect by the Overseer or Clerks aforesaid, in any of the Particulars aforesaid.

A nd for the mote effectual detecting and punishing such Persons that trade with any Slaves for stolen Goods, Be it further enacted, That where any Person shall be suspected to trade, as aforesaid, any Two Justices of the Peace, or the Justices of the Quarter-Seftlons of the Peace, shall nave Power to take from him sufficient Recognizance not to trade with any Slaves contrary to the Laws of this Island and if it shall afterwards appear to the Justices of the Qtiarter-Sessions, that such Person hath, or hath had, or shipjfed off any Goods suspedied to be unlawfully come by, such Person being called before the Justices at the next Quarter-Sessions following, shall there be obliged to make reasonable Proof of whom he bought, or how he came by the said Goods and unless he do it, his Recognizance shall be forfeited.

And be it further enacted and ordained. That if any Negro or Slave whatsoever shall offer any Violence to any Christian, by Striking, or the like, such Negro or other Slave shall, for his or her first Offence, by Information given upon Oath to the next Justice, be severely whipped by the Constable, by Order of the said Justice j For his second Offence of that nature, by Order of the Justice of Peace, he shall be severely whipped, his Nose flit, and be burned in some part of his Face with a hot Iron; And for his third Offence he shall receive, by Order of the Governor and Council, such greater Punishment as they shall think meet to inflid.

P rovided always, That such Striking or Confiid be not in the lawful Defence of their Matters, Mistresses, or Owners of their Families, or of their Goods.

And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Slaves within this Island shall have Clothes once every Year ( that is to say) Drawers and JCaps for Men, and Petticoats and Caps for Women, upon Pain of forfeiting Five Shillings for cadi Slave that shall not be clothed, as aforesaid. One Third to the Informer, the other Two Thirds to His Majesty, for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender liveth.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who

8 _ _ ftafl

121

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

shall hereafter take up any Run-away or Fugitive Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, not knowing the Matter or Owner of such Negro or Slave, and shall bring them unto the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, mall receive Ten Shillings Sterling from the Treasurer.for the time being, who is hereby appointed to pay the same : And in case he shall refuse t-o make the said Payment upon Preferment of the said Negro, or other Slave 01 Slaves, and thereof Oath to be made before any Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to direct his Warrant to any Cortstable, to ause the Value thereof to be immediately levied out of the Goods of the said Treasurer, and the said Goods to be delivered to the said Party. And the Negroes so brought, shall be kept in the Cage at the Stepping*Scones by the Provoa Marshal, and not in Goal; which said Cage is always to be kept in sufficient Repair, at the publick Charge of this Island.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Provost Marflaal to retain and keep in his Custody, as aforesaid, the Body of all such Run-aways, until the Owner of them shall pay unto the said Treasurer Eleven Shillings Sterling; and also unto: the said Provost Marshal Four Pence for every Four and twenty Hours the said Fugitive Slave hath been in his Custody, and also until he have a Discharge uhdt;r the Hand of the said Treasurer, or his Clerk. And the Turn-key shall receive Six Pence for every Negro delivered.

Provided always, That the said Provost Marshal do furnish the said Negroes and other Slaves with sufficient Food and Drink, which is to be proved upon Oath, if by the Owner of the Negro or other Slaves it shall be so requited to be done.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Slaves shall die for want of Food, the said Provost Marshal shall be relpon-fible for them to the Owners : And if the said Marshal suffer any Slave to escape before he be duly delivered by a Discharge in Writing under the Hand of the abovesaid Treasurer, the Provost Marshal shall pay unto him the aforesaid Treasurer, Eleven Shillings, and shall make further Satisfaction to the Owner, as by the Governor and Council shall be thought fit: And if the said Provost Mar-ilial shall suffer any Slave to be otherwise employed out of the Cage before due Delivery, as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for each Slave so differed, as aforesaid, to the Owner thereof, the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Persons as shall apprehend and, bring down any Run-away Slave or Slaves to St. Michaels Town unto the Treasurer for the time being, or to the Cage,' shall, upon such bringing down of such Run-away Slave or Slaves, deliver upon Oath to the said Treasurer, or in case of his Sickness or Absence, to any,

Justice of the Peace, to be by him returned to the Treasurer’s Office ( before e shall receive the Consideration before appointed ) an Account of his Name and Place of Abode, with the Time when, and Place where he apprehend-' ed such Fugitive Slave or Slaves j and that he knew of no Ticket the Negro had, nor the Owner of such Negro or Slave, which the said Treasurer, is hereby required to take and enter into a Book, to the intent that all Owners of Slaves may come to the right Knowledge and Understanding when their Slaves were apprehended, and by whom, and whether they might be wrongfully taken up, or not; and that the Keeper of the Cage, at the Delivery of any Slaves, do take a Receipt of the Person to whom delivered, and there in* fert the Mark or Description of the Slave delivered.

And whereas divers evil and ill-disposed Persons have hitherto attempted to steal away Slaves by .specious Pretence, of promising them Freedom in another Country, against which pernicious Pra&icesno Puriishment suitable hath been yet provided 5 Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That what Person soever shall directly or indirectly, at any time

" <3, ~ ~......... " afte?

122

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

after Publication hereof, tempt or perswade any Negroes or other Slaves to leave their Masters or Mistresses Service to whom they are Slaves, out of an Intent and Design to carry away any of them off this Island, or to conceal or entertain any of them upon this Island, or howsoever to defraud the said Masters or Mistresses of them, and be thereof convicted by their own Conf eflion, or the Oath of One credible witness, shall be by the Two next Justices of the Peace where the injured Person lives, whereof One to be of the Quorum, adjudged to pay the MaO^r of the said Negro or other Slave Five and twenty Pounds Sterling, to be levied as in the case of servants Wages: But in case the Party offend^g shall not be found worth Lands, Goods, or Chattels, to the Value aforesaid, then shall the Justice, for so long time as will recompense the Party injured for the Twenty five Pounds aforesaid, adjudge him Servant for Five Years to the Party injured, and so deliver him over to him, and make a: Record thereof: But if any Man shall so tempt and practise with any Personsi Negroes, or other Slaves, and them actually so attempted, convey away,-or fend off the Island, and be after apprehended and convicted for the lame in.th& Island, he shall be, by the Two next Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, condemned to pay the Owner of such Negro or other Slave, Three, times the Value of him or them, and Execution for the fame from the Two Justices to issue accordingly, as in the case of Servants Wages : And if the Person so offending has no Estate, then he shall be ordered by the Justices to serve the Party injured, as aforesaid.

And whereas many heinous and grievous Crimes, as Murders, Burglaries, Robbing in the High-ways, Rapes, Burning of Houses or Canes, be many times committed by Negroes and other Slaves, and many times maliciously attempted by them to be committed, in which, though by divers Accidents they are prevented, yet are their Crimes nevertheless heinous, and therefore deserve the like Punishment 5 and also do many times steal wilfully, kill, maim, or destroy One or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Cattle, Sheep, or other Quick or Dead thing of the like Nature, and of the Value of Twelve Pence or above: And many times by attempting to steal from the Inhabitants of this Island, Stock, and other Goods before mentioned, of above or under the Value afore-fiiid, do-put'such Inhabitants, or some of his Family, in Terror, Dread, and Jeopardy of their Lives, which several Offenders for danger of Escape are not long to be imprisoned, and being brutish Slaves, deserve not, for the Baseness of their Condition, to be tried by the legal Tryal of Twelve Men of their Peers or Neighbourhood, which neither truly can be rightly done as the Subjects of England are, nor is Execution to be delayed towards them, in case of such horrid Crimes committed : It is therefore enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Crime, as aforesaid, shall be committed, or attempted to be committed, by any Negroes, Slave or Slaves, and the said Criminals be apprehended and brought before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within this Island, and the Justices before whom the Criminals are brought, shall take Security for their forth-coming, or fend them to Prison, and with all convenient Speed shall joyn with him the next Justice of the Peace j and these Two shall, by their Warrant or Precept, call to therrv Three able, good, and legal Free-holders of the Place nearest where the said Grimes 'were committed, and these Five Persons, •viz. the Two Justices'and the Three Free-holders, shall hear and examine all Evidences, Proofs, and Testimbnies, or if by violent' Circumstances they shall find such Negro, or other Slave or Slaves, guilty thereof, they shall give Sentence of Death upon them accordingly, the said Free-holders being first sworn before the Two Justices, who are hereby impowered to administer the same, and forthwith by their Warrant cause Execution to be done upon such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, by some Negro to be pfeffed for that purpose by; some Constable to be ippointed by Warrant from the said Justices.

~ lx

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

123

I t is further provided. That if any Free-holder shall make Default to appear upon such Summons before the Justices as is before mentioned, or appearing, refuse to joyn with them, as is before appointed, and do {hew no Cause for such Default, to be approved by the said Justices, then the aforesaid Justices do set a Fine upon him of Fifty Shillings Sterling, forthwith by their Warrant or Precept to the next Constable, or what Constable they shall think fit, to levy the same upon the said Free-holders, their Goods or Chattels accordingly. And if any Person shall fend off his Negro that hath killed another, he shall pay unto the Matter of such Negro the Value of such Negro so> killed, as aforesaid.

And in regard great Mischiefs daily happen by the Petty Larcenies, committed also by the Negroes and Slaves of this Island, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slave shall hereafter steal or destroy any Goods, Chattels, and Provisions, Canes, or green Corn whatsoever, of any other Peffons than his Matter’s or Mistress’s, being under the Value of Twelve Pence, every Negro or other Slave so offending, and being brought before some Justice of the Peace of this Island, upon Complaint of the Party injured, and shall be adjudged guilty by Corifelfion, Proof, or probable Circumstances, such Negro or Slave so offending (excepting Children^ whose Punishment is left wholly to the Discretion of the said Justice) shall be adjudged by such Justice to be publickly and severely whipped, not exceeding Forty- Laflies; and the said Justice shall order and cause the Owner of such Negro or other Slave to make Satisfaction to the Party injured and if such Negro or other Slave punished, as aforesaid, be afterwards found guilty of the like Crimes aforesaid, under the Value of Twelve Pence, as aforesaid, he or they, for such his or their second Offence, shall, by Order of the Justice of Peace before whom such Complaint and Proof is made, have his or their Noses flit, and be branded in the Forehead with a hot Iron, that the Mark thereof may remain $ and the said Justices shall order the Owner of such Negro or other Slave to make Satisfaction to the Party injured, double the Value of what his Loss shall appear : And if such Negro or other Slave after the second time as aforesaid, be accused of Petty Larceny, or of any of the Offences before mentioned, such Negro or other Slave shall be tried in such manner as Murder, Burglary, <&c. are provided for to be tried j. and if such Negro or other Slave as shall be tried, shall be found guilty a third time of any the Offences before mentioned, then such Negro or other Slave for that third Offence shall be adjudged to suffer Death, in the manner as is appointed in C: fes of Murder, as aforesaid, or other Punishments, as the said Justices shall think fit; And in case the said Justices and Free-holders, and any or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duties by this Act required of them, they, shall severally, for such their respective Defaults, forfeit the just Sum of Five and twenty Pounds Sterling.

And it is further enacted, ordained, and published by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negroes or other Slaves shall make Mutiny or Insurrectioni or rife in Rebellion against this Place or People, of make Preparation of Armsj Powder, Bullets, or Offensive Weapons, or hold any Council or Conspiracy of, or railing Mutiny or Rebellion against this Island, as hath been formerly attempted, that then, for speedy Remedy thereof, the Governor of the Iflancf,' or Superior Officer for the time being, appoint a Colonel, and the Field Officers of the Regiment of this Island, or any Four of them, to meet in Council,’ and proceed by the Martial Law against the Actors, Contrivers, R-aifers, Fo-menters, and Concealers of such Mutiny or Rebellion, and them punish by. Death or other Pains, as their Crimes shall deserve, as to the aforesaid Co* lonjel and Field Officers, or any Four of them, shall seem fit.

Now forasmuch as the loss of the Negroes and other Slaves that shall fu£*' fer Death by this Act, would prove so heavy for the Owner of them only to

Q. i bear,1

124

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

bear, and that the Owners of Negroes may not be discouraged to detect and 1 discover the Offences of their Negroes, and that the Loss may be born by the Publick, whose Safety by such Punishments is hereby provided for and intended; Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes whatsoever, where any Negro or other Slave, by the Appointment and Provision of this Act, shall suffer Death, then shall such Justices and Free-holders, Colonel and Field Officers, who adjudged such Negro or other Slave to suffer Death, immediately after Sentence thereof given, esquire by the best Means they are able, of the Value of such Negro or other Slave, in which Value they shall never exceed the Sum of Five and twenty Pounds Sterling for any One Negro or other Slave, and also the Damage of the Party injured, and make Certificate thereof to the Treasurer for the time being, therein requiring the said Treasurer to pay out of the Value of the said Negro of Negroes, the Value of the Damage to the Party injured, and the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners of such Negro or other Slaves; and if there be no Party injured, then the whole Value to the Owner or Owners of the said Negroes or other Slaves; and if there be no Party injured, then the whole Value of the Danger or Dangers of the said Negro or other Slave out of the Publick Treat u-ry of this island.

Bur in regard there are some Masters and Owners of Negroes and other Slaves in this Island, who do not make sufficient Confidence of providing what is necessary for their Negroes or other Slaves, or allowing them time to plant or provide for themselves; for which Cause such Negroes or other Slaves are necessitated to commit Crimes contrary to the Law; and yet the Safety of this Island requiring, that such Negroes and other Slaves mail suffer as the Law hath appointed, rather than the poor Inhabitants of this Island be ruined, and driven from hence by their Means : That therefore such Masters and Owners of Negroes and other Slaves, whose Neglect of Negroes and other Slaves makes them in some measure guilty of their Crimes, may not be countenanced therein at the Charge of the Publick, Be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Free-holders appointed, as aforesaid, to enquire into the Value ofluch Negro or other Slave as they shall sentence to Death, shall also further esquire, by Witnesses examined on their Oaths, or by their good Information, now the Owner or Owners of such Negro or other Slave condemned, as aforesaid, was provided with Provision and other Necessaries, and what Allowances those Negroes and other Slaves had received : And if it shall appear to the said Justices and Free-holders, or the major part of them, that the said Matter or Owner had not provided rea-fonably, and as is generally accustomed for Negroes and other Slaves, and that Necessity might have compelled the said Negro or other Slave to the Offences they have committed, then, and in that case, the Justices and Free-holders, as aforesaid, shall certify the same to the Treasurer aforesaid, and only appoint the said Treasurer to pay the Damage to the Party injured out of the Value of the said Negro or other Slave, and nothing to such Matter or Owner: And if the Treasurer for the time being ( having sufficient Publick Stock in his . Hands ) shall fail to make Satisfaction and Payment to such Matter or Owner of any Negro or other Slave, he having the Governor’s Warrant for the fame, the Party injured shall have an Action of Debt, upon such Certificate, as aforesaid, against the said Treasurer in the Court of Common-Pleas for the Preempts of St. MichaeFs, &c. And the Treasurer being thereto duly summoned, shall, at the first Court after Summons, plead and come to Tryal, or else Judgment to pass against him by Default; and after Judgment, Execution immediately to issue for Satisfaction.

And in regard the Planters Necessity doth compel them, for the Management only of their Lands, to keep so vast a Stock of Negroes and other Slaves, whose defoerate Lives and great Numbers become dangerous to them, and all a other

125

TheLAWS of BARBADOES.

other the Inhabitants 3 that therefore such who are not bound up by that Necessity in having Plantations of their own, and hired Land, may not increase the Danger to this Island, by keeping Negroes or other Slaves to hire out to others, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person of the Hebrew Nation residing in any Sea-Port Town of this Island, shall keep or employ any Negro or other Slave, be he Man or Boy, for any Use or Service whatsoever, more than One Negro or other Slave, Man or Boy, to be: allowed to each of the Persons of the said Nation, except such as are denizen’d by His Majesty's Letters Patents, and not ot'nerwife, who are to keep no more than for their own Use, as shall be approved by the Governor, Council, and Assembly : And if any Negro, Man or Boy, more than is before allowed by this Act, shall be found Three Months after Publication hereof, in the Custody, Possession, or Use of any the Persons aforesaid, then every such Person or Persons shall forfeit such Negro or other Slave one Moiety of the Value thereof to whomsoever shall inform, and the other Moiety to His Majesty, to the Uses in this Act appointed.

And whereas divers Negroes and other Slaves at this present are, and have been long since run away into Woods and other Faftnesses of this Island, doing continually much Mischief to the Inhabitants of this Island, hiding themselves sometimes in one Place, and sometimes in another, so that they are not to be found without much Difficulty 3 Be it therefore enacted, That from and after Publication hereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, Constable, or Captain of a Company, within this Island, that shall have Notice of the Residency or Hiding-place of any Run-away Negroes, or other Fugitive Slaves, to raise and arm any number of Men, not exceeding Twenty, to apprehend and take them* either alive or dead. And for every Negro or other Slave that they shall take alive, having run away above Six Months from his Matter, they shall receive Fifty Shillings Sterling 3 and for every Negro or other Slave that they shall take alive, having been run away above Twelve Months, Five Pounds from the Matter or Commanders of the said Negro or other Slave if killed in taking, they shall receive Fifty Shillings Sterling from the Publick 3 any Act or Statute heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is further enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro or other Slave under Punishment by his Matter, or his Order, for running away, or any other Crimes or Misdemeanors towards his said Matter, unfortunately shall suffer in Life or Member, which seldom happens,-no Person whatsoever shall be liable to any Fine therefore: But if any Man shallof Wantonness, or only of Bloody-mindedness, or Cruel Intention, wilfully kill a Negro or other Slave of his own, he shall pay into the Publick Treasury Fifteen Pounds Sterling but if he shall so kill another Man’s, he shall pay to the Owner of the Negro, double the Value, and into the Publick Treasury, Twenty five Pounds Sterling and he shall further, by the next Justice of the Peace, be bound to the good Behaviour during the Pleasure of the Governor and Council, and not be liable to any other Punishment or Forfeiture for the fame j neither is he that kills another Man’s Negro or other Slave by Accident, liable to any other Penalty but the Owners AbWbn at Law. But if any poor small Free-holder or other Person kill a Negro or other Slave by Night, out of the Road or Common Path, and stealing, or attempting to steal his Provision, Swine, or other Goods, he shall not be accountable for it j any Law, Statute, or Ordinance to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Fines and Forfeitures arising by this Act, shall be to His Majesty for the Use of this Island, according to such Uses and Proportion that in the aforesaid Clauses are respectively appointed; and such thereof as are not otherwise limited and ap-'

i*6 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

pointed in this Act, as are above the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, shall be recoveted by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record within this Island j and such as are of the Sum aforesaid, or under, shall be recovered before any justice of the Peace within this Island, who is hereby required to grant Execution for the fame, as in the case of Servants Wages; provided the lame be commenced within Thirty Days after the fame be forfeited.

And Lastly, To the intent this Act, and every Clause and Branch thereof, may receive full Execution, and no Person plead Ignorance therein. It is enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act be read and published in all the respective Par ifh-Churches in this Island the First Sunday in February, and the First Sunday in Aiigujt, in every Year ensuing.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts heretofore made concerning or any ways relating to the governing of Negroes, enacted before the Date of this Act, shall be repealed, and are hereby repealed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Pass'd the Sth Day of August, 1688.

3B° 33°< To the Right Honour able the Lieutenant Governor, a Present xpiroi. ifioujan£l pounds Sterling.

33An Act for binding out and ordering poor Apprentices.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many Disordershave happened between Apprentices and their Matters, sometimes occasioned by the Masters, but most commonly by the Idleness and Looseness of the Apprentices, which has grown the more frequent for want of a declared Method in punishing the idle, and reliev-Oause l ing the injured Apprentice : Be it therefore enacted by the Right Honourable Euwin Stede3 His Majesty's Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Any under *1 Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the thawfei«sby^ Publication of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Boy or Girl within indenture oil this Island, under the Age of One and twenty Years, by Indenture under Hand 11 and Seal, to contract, agree, and bind him or herself an Apprentice to any Person exercising a Trade, Calling, or Husbandry within this Island, for and during any Term, until they shall arrive unto the Age of One and twenty Years, with Parents provided the said Contraft and Agreement be made by and with the Consent Uv£i&ltifif of One of the Parents of the said Boy or Girl so to be bound Apprentice, as fe^ofthP"1* a^ore^1^ : And in case the Parents of each Boy or Girl be dead, then by and next justice of with the Consent and Approbation of the next Justice of the Peace to the Place chuichwar- where the Parents of the said Boy or Girl lived, and the Churchwarden of that den, Parishj which Justice and Churchwarden are hereby required to examine the Matter or Mistress, what Trade, Calling, or Occupation he or ftie is of, and consider whether the said Boy or Girl so (to be bound Apprentice, as aforesaid, be fit for fitch the Trade, Calling, or Occupation of such Matter or Mistress. And to be bound by if it appear to the said Justice and Churchwarden, that the said Boy or Girl be indenture. fit for such Trade, Calling, or Occupation, then the said Justice and Churchwarden are to see the said Matter or Mistress, and the said Boy or Girl, sign, seal, and deliver the Indentures of Apprenticeship interchangeably, and set their Hands to an Indorsement thereupon, signifying their Approbation thereof. And all such Indentures of Apprenticeship so signed and sealed by any Boy or Girl under the Age of One and twenty Years, with the Consent of the Parents,

Justice

The LAWS of BARBADOES; 127

Justice of the Peace, and Churchwarden aforesaid, shall be sufficient to oblige the said Boy or Girl to serve his Matter or Mistress the Term, and to do and perform the Covenants and Agreements therein specified, as well and effectua-ally to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Boy or Girl were above; the Age of One and twenty Years at the Sealing thereof; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Appren- cfcufeil, tice already bound, or any Apprentice to be bound in manner aforesaid, shall, after Publication of this Act, neglect or refuse to serve his or her Mattel* or Mi-stress, according to their Contract or Agreement, then, and in such case, the Two next Justices of the Peace to the Place where the Matter or Mistress liveth, upon Complaint made to them by the Matter or Mistress or some Person on their behalf, shall enquire into the Matters complained of, and if they find the Apprentice in Apprentice faulty, contrary to his or her Contract, and the Duty of an Appren- whipped by the tice, they shall order him or her to be whipped by foe Constable, according to his or her Demerits. But if such Apprentice shall be complained of,- and found . guilty a second time, he or she shall, by Order of the said Justice, be severely ld offe"ce' whipped by the Constable, hot exceeding One and twenty Ladies: And for the V third Offence he shall receive One and twenty Ladies; dr be lent to Gaol, there 3d 6>ffence-to suffer Imprisonment for One Month, and receive Ten Laihes By the Gaoler every Saturday in the Afternoon, during the time he or file is imprisoned, as aforesaid } for which One Month’s Imprisonment and Diet.; during:that time^ the Gaoler shall receive Twenty Shillings,- and ho more, to be paid him by, the Churchwarden of the Parish where the Offender was an Apprentice, provided the Gaoler doth prove that he hath puniflled the Apprentice according'td this Act;

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid^ That if any Matter of Mi- Chute in; ftfefs shall hereafter abuse or inhumanely beat or punish any Apprentice, or shall not allow them fit and convenient Meat, Drink, and Apparel at the leafs, according to the Allowance that by Law is allowed unto bought Servants,-, or shall employ them in hard Labours contrary, to their Trade or Agreement, then :.. and in such case, upon the Complaint of the Apprentice to the ndxt’ Two’Justices to the Place where the Matter of Mistress liveth;- the said Justices shall grant their Warrant for the Matter of Mistress to appear before them 5 and if. upon. In- .

quiiy they shall find the Matter of Mistress faulty; either in too muck Correction for some Faults in the Apprentice, or in not allowing sufficient Clothing clothing, hard and Provisions, as aforesaid, or in imploying them in hard Labours, , contrary Labour» to their Trade and Agreement, the said Justices shall take Security for the Appearance of the said Master or Mistress at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Parish where the said justice lives $ where, upon Enquiry,1 if the said Justices at the, Quarter-SessionS shall find him or her to have been severe against the said Apprentice vVithout sufficient Cause, or that he. or the have not used to allow sufficient Clothes and Provisions to their said Apprentice complaining, as aforesaid, or that they have employed them iti hard Labour, contrary to their Trade or Agreement, the said Justices are hereby impowered* . in such Cases, to set the said Apprentice free from his or her Master or ;Mtftrefs; any Indenture, Contract, or Agreement whatsoever notwithstanding* Butin case it shall appear to the Justiceis first complained to by the Apprentice,* as ar foresaid, That the said Apprentice had not just Cause of Complaint, the said.

Justices shall, if they think fit, order the said Apprentice, to receive Ten Lashes, to be given by the Constable for such his unjust Vexation* •.

And be it further enacted by the Authority afortesaid. That it shall aiiid may TCi^iv.^ be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace-within thislflarid, to bind put any bfodiuTsmy" loose; idle, or unsettled Persons, under the Age of One and twenty Years, to Apprenticeship, for any Term until he or she arrive unto the Age of, Qheand

'.twenty,

128

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

SE/is.eap, 4. Clause V.

twenty Years : wherein the said Justices shall observe and proceed in such manner as is appointed by a good and wholsome Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth-3 of ever blessed Memory, Chap. 4.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Apprentice shall, for ill Usage of his Matter or Mistress, be set free by the Quarter Sessions, as aforesaid is provided, it shall and may be lawful for the next Justice of the Peace to the Place where the Apprentice lived, together with the Churchwarden, to bind out the said Apprentice lo freed, as aforesaid, to fonie other Person, to serve the remaining Part of the Term which he or she was to serve at the time of his setting free, as aforesaid.

And all Constables that shall refuse to perform his or their Duty, as by this Law is required of him, either by himself, or some Person provided by him for that purpose, shall forfeit for each Refusal, Forty Shillings, to be levied upon his Goods and Chattels by Warrant from the Justice whose Order he disobeyed, as in the Cafe of Servants Wages, to be to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors for the Defence of this Island.

And be it further enacted, That if any Person marry any Girl that is Apprentice, without the Consent of the Matter or Mistress of such Apprentice, he shall pay unto the Matter or Mistress Five Pounds Sterling per Annum, for and during the remaining part of the Time..lhe hath to serve, to be annually levied by Warrant from the next Justice of the Peace to the Place where the Mailer or Mistress liveth, as in case of Servants Wages : And if the Person offending hath not Este&s to pay the said Five Pounds per Annum, he shall be ordered by the said Justice to serve the said Matter or Mistress the Time unexpired of the Term aforesaid-

Tass'd the 3d of October, 1688.

J0° 332* An Act to revive and continue an Act for laying an Impojitm E*piKi on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this Island.

Constable neglecting his Du. cy, to pay 40 s.

clause Vt Marrying a Girl without Mafia's Consent, to pay 5 I. fer Annum.

U©? 333. An Act for the better regulating of Outcries in open Market,

W

HEREA S great Inconveniencies have daily happened to Debtors that have their Negroes, Cattle, Coppers, and Stills, and other Chattels ‘brought by Execution to open Market to be outcried, whereat the said Mar-shals have set the said Negroes^ Cattle, Coppers, and Stills, and other Goods in great Lots or Numbers to be sold so that only Ready Money and rich Men are able to buy them whereby, for want of Bidders, the said Negroes, Cattle, and Coppers, Stills, and other Goods, are often bought at under Rates and Value: Wherefore for Prevention of the said Inconveniencies for the future, Be it enacted by the Right Honourable Edwin Stede, His Majesty's Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief of this and other the Chanbkt Island s, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and fey Authority of the same, That the Marshal.or other deputed Officer of every Court in this Island, upon Attachment of any Negro Slaves, Cattle, Coppers, Stills,or-other Chattels, by virtue of any Execution for above One hundred Pounds Sterling, or the Value thereof, that shall be, after the Publication of this JSSSSBfrtob* taken out, shall set up. Four Days at the furthest after Attachment, as afore-Goujt-Hwat. laid,: Notice in Writing upon the Court-Door of each and every Precinct within this Island, of the Negroes, Cattle, Copper?, Stills, or other Goods so attached, as aforesaid and the Place and Time when and where they are to be sold } which Sale shall be at some time between Ten and Fourteen Days after

Attachment,

Chubb

AboreiooL

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

129

Attachment, as aforesaid, to the end Persons intending to buy, may have timely Notice thereof. And when the Negroes, Cattle, Coppers, Stills, or Attachment, other Chattels aforesaid, to be attached, as aforesaid, shall be brought to Maf-ket, the Debtor, or his Assigns, Hiall have free Liberty to dispose the Goods so attached into Lots, as he shall think most convenient for his Interest. But if the Debtor shall neglect or retufe so to do, the Marshal is hereby required to dispose the Negroes and other Chattels aforesaid, into Lots, noc exceeding ^Ne"roes’°ve the Number of Five Negroes in one Lot, unless it happen that there be more than Five of one Family of- Negroes; in which Cafe it shall be lawful for the Marshal to (ell a whole Family in one Lot: And also the Marshal is hereby required not to fell above Five Head of Cattle, and One Copper, or One Still in one Lor, unless otherwise appointed by the Debtor. Ann all other Chattels Lor. the Marshal fin 11, to the heft of his Judgment, efiinnre and dispose of into Lots, not exceeding the Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling in each Lot* unless therein also otherwise directed by the Debtor.

And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Outcries of clauseU-Sales aforesaid shall be had or made at Plantations, or in any other Places, but at

in open Market only, except Timber, Sugar-Pots, Drips, and other ponderous and heavy Goods, too tioublefome to be removed out of the Plantation to open Market.

And whereas the Fees of the respective Matfhals of the said Courts for levying Executions have been hitherto variously construed, to the great Injury of many of the Inhabitants of this Island,'" sometimes computing the said Fee in Sugar, but most commonly in Money, which proves very inconvenient : For Remedy of which various Confirmation for the future, Be it declared and en- Ckufciti. ailed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marshal levying any Execution, ^rniai_^Fces shall for the future, computing and taking his Fee aforesaid, commute the Mo- Execuaons. nies, if the Execution be in Monies, into Sugar, at Twelve Shillings and Six Pence per Hundred, and shall charge Four per Cent, for the First Thousand Pounds of Sugar, Three for the Second, and Two per Cent, for all above; which Fee being thus computed, the Marshal shall receive in Money at Twelve Paid in^Money Shillings and Six Pence per Hundred, and no more. cent. 'per

And to the end the Officers of the several Courts of this Island may not extort more for their respective Fees than by Law is established for them, and that the Inhabitants may the better know what Fees are appointed to be paid.

Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every vefpebtive .clauseiv. Officer in this Island shall set up in their respective Offices a fair Table of the court Fe«^ Fees that by the Laws of this Island are allowed them. And whatsoever Offi- offices^in a cer shall presume to exact or extort more than by the Laws aforesaid are allow- %oi. on him ed, shall forfeit Fifty Pounds Sterling, one Half to His Majesty for the Use and thaceittort£> Defence of this Island, and the other Half to the Informer that shall sue for the fame, and for ever, after Conviction thereof, be hereby deemed uncapable to execute that Office. And what Marshal , or other Officer soever shall neglect to set up and continue the Table of their Fees in their respective Offices ip this Island within One Month, after Publication hereof, shall, for every Month’s Neglect thereof, forfeit Ten Pounds Sterling to His Majesty for the w^forwamof Use aforesaid, and the other Half to the Informer that shall sue for the fame. eeL

Pass'd the 19th Day of December, 1688,

313° 334*

An Act for the securing the Possession of Negroes and

Slaves. KJKS5

Negroes, 0nr Pict'd % March,

R

An

*699-

130

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

•30° 335* An Act to revive and continue an Act, Intituled, An Act to Exjnred. encourage the Bringing in of Christian Servants, and to

prevent their running away., and being sent off this Island.

jj3°336. An Act to repeal an Act, Intituled, An Act to prevent Depo' pulation.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several Clauses and Paragraphs mentioned and expressed in the said Act of Depopulation bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of ’June, One thousand six hundred seventy and one, are fully and sufficiently provided for in the several other Laws and Statutes in this Island, under more proper Titles and Denominations : And for that the other Clauses of the said Act are now become useless and impracticable, and of no Benefit or Advantage to His Majesty. of His Subjects of this Island, and are also contradidlory to some other Laws established here j Be it therefore enacted by the Right Honourable Edwin Stede Esqj His Majesty's Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That theafore-said Act, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of June, One thousand six hundred seventy and one, Intituled, An Act to prevent Depopulation, and all and every the Clauses, Sentences, Penalties, and Provisoes therein contained, is hereby declared to be repealed, and is repealed, made null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Vafs'dthe x$th Day of December, 1688;

309337«

Oblolete.

An Act for a Levy upon Negroes.

Jf3° 338- An Additional AB to an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Settle* Repealed. ment of the Militia of this Island.

30° 339‘

Obsolete.

30° 340.

Obsolete.

An Act for a Levy upon Negroes. An Act for a Levy upon Negroes.

313°.341. An Act for laying an Im on Wines and other Strong Li-Expired. quors imported this Island.

Expired^42" appointing a Committee for Settling the Vuhlich Ac•

counts of this Island.

: declaring the further Uses of an Act for a Levy

*'r':'Ty,\~Negroes.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 131

An Act to revive and continue ah AS, Intituled, An Act to E^°ctl344' encourage the bringing in of Christian Servants, and to prevent their running away, or being sent off this Island.

An Act for the further Accommodation of his Excellency in JJ0°eie345, intended Voyage.

An Act to encourage Artificers and others to take AppreU- 34

tices. '

WHEREAS the binding out of Apprentices, and bringing them up in Merchandize, Manual'Occupations, Husbandry, and other lawful Vocations, will conduce Very much to the Profit and Advantage of this Place

And forasmuch as many of the poorer fort of Children have been brought up in Idleness and difordbrly Living, to the Dishonour of Almighty God, the Ruin and Destruction of themselves, jand the great Prejudice of this Island : For Remedy of which Idleness, and Encouragement of such as shall take Apprentices, Be it eha&ed by his Excellency Colonel James Kendal, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Chdribbee Islands, the Honourable the Councilj and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That from and after Publication of this Act, no Person whatsoever that shall take one Apprentice or more, shall be compelled to send to the Militia him or them: armed and accoutred at his own Charge, nor shall be liable to any of the Forfeiture's, Penalties.; or Glaiifes in the A<3 of Militia contained, and in that case provided.

And that the Militia may not hereby be lessened, it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons that shall hereafter take any Apprentice or Apprentices, shall, within Three Months after such Apprentice or Apprentices are bound, bring the said Apprentice or Apprentices before the Colonel of that Division where such Master lives ,• which said Cold riel is hereby impowered to place such Apprentice or Apprentices on such Person or Persons as to him shall seem meet, which have not their Complement of Men to serve in the Militia, to be armed and accoutred according to the A<5Lof(the Militia, at the.Charge of such Person or Persons on Whom the said Apprentice or Apprentice's are placed.

Pass'd the 1ft Day of October, 16$o.

An Act for the better ascertaining how the Bonds forfeited for carrying Persons off this Island without a Ticket3 shall he imployed. r;

Clause t.'

No Person obliged to arm of accouter his Apprentice for the Militia.

Clause II.

To presenthis Apprentice in 3 Months to the Colonel. The Colonel tophce him on a Person waiting his Complement.

To be armed and accoutred.

1B° 347.

[Preamble.]

WHERE ASby .an Act of this Island, intituled. Ah Atl concerningShips,

and the Duty'of the Master or Merchant upon their Arrival, with ihq Appointment of the Ifnpost of Powder and Tunhage, bearing paid the Fifft Day of July, One thousand six hundred'sixty and Three, amongst other things, cfaufet It is enacted by the President, Council^ and Assembly, and by Authority the fame. That Whatsoever Master, Commander, or Merchant Of any Ship Ships, Vessel of- Boat1 whatsoever, arriving in ahy Port or Harbour, in or about, w*eGover-

R 2 " orn"*

132

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

or coming to this Island, shall dare presume to trade, barter, or bargain with any Person or Persons of this Island, or land any Goods or Commodities wlut-td obia-n Lj.f°ever (living Creatures only excepted) before he hath presented hinifelf to cei’<ce'tifiede' ^ie Governor or President for the time being, and obtained Licence for the bhip’fvopje fame, and certified his Ship’s Voyage and Loading, and made Entry, and hav-*th MadeE’n.given Security in the Secretary’s Office in St. Michael's Town of Two try.’ . thousand Pounds Sterling, not to depart with his Vessel from, nor carry off »^o?/.Vs"curi.this Island any Inhabitant thereof. Freemen, Servants, or Slaves, without a nuieoffwith. Ticket from the Governor or President for the time being, CJc. shall pay and out Licence. " forfeit Ten thousand Pounds of Mnfco'vadoe Sugar.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person or Persons shall carry off this Island in his Ship, Vessel, or Boat, any Freemen, Servants, or Slaves, as have resided here, without a Ticket for the fame, first: had and obtained, as aforesaid, that in all such Cases such Persons Bond shall be signed over by Letter of Attorney from the Governor or President to such Person or Persons as shall be thereby prejudiced, to be sued, and the Penalty thereof recovered against: him or them j out of which Recovery Satisfaction shall be awarded to the Person prejudiced, with his Charge and Damages, as by the said Act, Reference thereunto being had, may more fully appear.

I t is therefore enacted by his Excellency Colonel James Kendal, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charihhee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That from and after Publication of this Act, no Recovery that shall be made on any Obligation which hereafter shall be forfeited for carrying off any Person or Persons whatsoever without a Ticket, as aforesaid, shall be imployed or assigned to any other Intent or Purpose than what in and by the said Act is declared and appointed $ and that no other Use shall be hereafter made of any such Recovery, nor greater Sum levied or taken from the said Persons against: whom such Recovery is or shall be nude, than only to satisfy the said injured Person or Persons his or their Debt, Charges, and Damages in that behalf sustained 5 any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pass'd the 17 th Day of December, 16$ o.

je° 348- An Act to establish and ascertain the Bushel Weight, by which all Sorts of Corn, Pulse, or other the Produce of this Island, shall he bought and sold.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great Damage and Deceit hath not only been done unto, but also many Differences and Controversies have arose and been moved between the Inhabitants of this Island, in buying and selling the Produce 'thereof, by reason of the Uncertainty of the Contents of the Bushel Weight, by which they bought and sold, some Persons allowing Seventy Pounds, others Seventy four Pounds to the Buftiel, &c. For Remedy whereof for the future, Be it enacted by his Excellency Colonel James Kendal, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Elands, the Honourable the ittiianato. Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, cJim* com, That from and after Publication hereof^ a Bushel of Corn, either Indian or Guinea, the Ear or Stalk, or of any Bonavis, Pease, Beans, or other Pulfe in the Husk EarorHmk, or Shell, shall contain Seventy four Pounds Averdufoiz Weight : And a Bushel Vhfairhed,b«. of any the afore-mentioned Produce thraihed, beaten out, or hulked out ef t^orhu*ed,the Shell, Cod, or Stalk, shall contain Fifty six Pounds of like Weight.

And

133

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

And whatsoever Person or Persons shall sell or dispose of any the Commodities afore-mentioned contrary to the Tenor of this Act, and the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall forfeit the fame, the one Half to the Informer, Halfto’theTn-the other Half to the Churchwardens of the Parish where such Commodities former. Half to are so disposed of, for the Use of the Poor, thereof, to be recovered against: Toberecover-the Offender or Offenders by Warrant from the next Justice of the Peace di- froma'justice' rented to a Constable, who is hereby required to proceed as in case of Servants of Peace. Wages.

P aft’d the ijthDay of December, 1690.

An Act for regulating the exorbitant Rates demanded and re-f®fff ceived by Majiers of Ships and others for Freight of Sugars3 MarS l6?3'4-See. for Europe.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, intituled, An Act for 3 laying an Imposition on Wines and other firong Liquors xpu imported this Island.

An Act to confirm the Lease of Fontabell to his Excellency’J®? Colonel James Kendal.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Ac- 2' counts of this Island*

An Act to repeal an Act for the Governing and Retaining within this Island all such Rebels ConviB, as by His Ma-fejty's most Sacred Order or Permit, have been, or shall he transported from his European Dominions to this Place*

An Act for a Levy upon Mills, Negroes, and Inhabitants of the 313° 354j several Towns within this Island, for their Houses, TradesOl?folet^ and Personal Estates.

An Act to raise and provide a Strengthof Labourers for In* 3135 355-trenching and Fortifying this Island in such Places , as his Ex- Obf0leK-5 ‘ cellency shall direB.

An Act appointing what Free-holders shall be deemed capable 3w to elea or be eleBed Representatives, Vestry-men} or serve as Jurors to try Real ABions wit hint his Island.

s

*34

the LAWS of BARBADOES.

3 57- An Act for Prohibiting the fever at Clerks of the Courts of Common-Pleas within this Island, to praBife as Attorneys in the Courts where they are Clerks.

[Preamble.]

\%T WHEREAS the several Clerks of the Courts of Common-Pleas with-V V in this Island have been sometimes sworn Attorneys, and admitted to practise the Law, and plead in those Courts where they are Clerks, which hath been found of evil Consequence to such Persons as have had Suits depending in the said Courts, the said Clerks preferring and furthering the Caules of their Clients, and impeding and delaying others they were retained against, to the great Obstruction and Disturbance of the Course of the Common Law, and against the good Customs heretofore had and used : For Remedy whereof for the future. Be it enacted by his Excellency Colonel James Kendal, Captain General and Commander in Chief of this and other the Chari Lb ee islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Courtw'bea*'Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof, no Clerk PraOicertherejwhatsoever of any of the Courts of Common-Pleas within this Island, while he continues to execute the Clerk’s Office, shall draw or prosecute, or be any ways as a Pleader or Practicer concerned in any Declaration, Count, or Action, Real, Personal, or Mixed, or any Plea, Replication, Rejoynder, Sur-rejoynder, Rebutter, Sur-rebutter, Demurrer, or other Proceedings whatsoever in the said Court in which he is Clerk, upon Pain of forfeiting his Office, and being barred and excluded from being a sworn Clerk in any of the Courts of Common-Pleas for ever j and he shall forfeit Fifty Pounds current Money, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of their Majesties Courts of Common-Pleas within this Island, the one Half to the Informer, the other Half to Their Majesties for the Use of the Fortifications thereof.

forfeits his Office,

and so /.

Tass'dthe qth Day of August, 169s.

13° 358. An Act declaring in what manner the Salaries and Expences expired. 0y Edward Littleton, and William Bridges, Esquires, Agents

in England, appointed for foliating of the Affairspf this Island, shall he paid.

S«e59* *° rePea? a Claufi of an AB3 Intituled, An Act for a

Levy upon Mills, Negroes, and Inhabitants of the several Towns within this Island, for their Houses, Trade, and Personal Estates.

Expired^0, Additional AB to an Act? IntituledAn Act to raise and {^oyideaStrengthofLabourersforlntrenching and For-w tifyfng jhis Island ip such Places as his Excellency shall di* rest. ‘ - •. . A c;

An

135

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for laying an Impoftion 513° 361. on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this Island. xp,red‘

An Act for the Enabling the Honourable William Sharp, Esq• 313° 36=. Son and Heir of Colonel William Sharp, late of this Island,Obfoleifc deceased’, to sell and convey a Part of his Land, being wajle, and unimproved, for the Payment of his Fathers Debts, and some other Debts contraEled in his Minority, which is now a BurtJjen upon the said EJtate as also to enable him toJtock and fully improve the Remainder.

An Act to prohibit and hinder the Inhabitants of this Island 313° 363, to employ their Negroes and other Slaves in Buying tf»dExpired‘ Selling.

A Supplemental AB to an Act Intituled, An A£fc to raise and 313° 364. provide a Strength of Labourers for Intrenching and For-E<pued' tifying this Island in such Places as his Excellency shall diredh

An Act to secure and reimburse the Honourable Colonel Ri- J138 365; chard Salter, Treasurer of this Island, all such Sums of Mo-OWbIeit' ney, together with the Interest of the fame, after the Rate of Fen per Cent, per Annum, he shall lend and accommodate towards the Hiring, Equipping, and Fitting out Two Ships, Sloops, or other Vessels of War for the Defence of this Island.

A further Supplemental AB to an Act, Intituled\ Ati Act raise and provide a Strength of Labourers for Intrenching and Fortifying this Island in such Places as his Excellency shall direct.

An Act for Accommodating And Quartering TheirMafeJties 367. Soldiers lately arrived here. - - -..-VLh.-.y.; OMb,e*‘

An A$-appointing a Committee for Settling the ^Mkh Ac-camts of this island.

136

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

30^369. _A Declarative AS to an Act, Intituled, An Act to raise and .*pwt provide a Strength of Labourers for Intrenching and

Fortifying this Island in such Places as his Excellency shall direct, and the Additional and Supplemental Acts thereto.

H3° 370. An Act enabling John Kirton., Gent, to fell certain Lands in Dbio'.ete. parjjfy Jp Christ-Church, in the Island of Barbadoes,

for the Payment of his Debts.

jf2° s/i- An Act appointing what Free-holders shall be deemed capable upeaied. eleS or be eleBed Representatives, Vefry-men, or serve as furors to try Real ABions within this Island.

A Declarative AS concerning Trade.

Jl3° 372.

WHEREAS heretofore the Subjects of the Kingdom of Spain have been permitted to trade here, and to buy and purchase Negroes; which Trade hath been in some measure restrained by an Act of this Ifhnd, or by some Clause or Clauses thereof, laying a Tax or Duty on such Negroes so bought and purchased, which said Act long since expired; To the intent therefore that the fame may be manifest and made known. Be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted and declared by his Excellency Colonel James Kendal, Captain General and Chief Covernor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all and every Act and Acts of this Island, and all and every the Sentences, Clauses, and Penalties therein contained, which did lay a Tax or Duty on any Negro or Negroes so bought or purchased by any Subjects of the King of Spain, shall be and are hereby declared absolutely null, void, and of none Effect and that the said Subjects of the King of Spain may have free Liberty of trading to this Place for Negroes, as aforesaid, and that no Tax or Duty shall be laid upon or required from them for such Negroes as shall be by them bought for the future.

Pass'd tte id Day of August, 1692.

3B*» 373.. AH AB to raise, arm, and accoutre One thousand Men for an *p« j: : _ Expedition against the French.

374. A Supplemental and Explanatory AB to an Act, intituled. Ah obfoiece, Act to raise, ami, and accoutre One thousand Men for an Expedition against the French.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

*37

An Act appointing an Oath to he taken by all such as by the 375-Laws of this Island are or shall be impowered to hear and determine Writs of Error, and Petitions of Grievances, and all other Matters of Equity whatsoever.

WHEREAS by the ancient Customs, Laws, and Practices of this Bland, Prca;nWe-the Governor and Council for the time being have always set to hear iand determine all Matters and Controversies in Error and Equity j which Cu-itom and Practice hath hitherto been continued in this Island, and believed to be part of the Butiriefs of the Council, to which they thought themselves obliged by their Oath of Councellor : But forasmuch as some Doubts and Scruples have lately arisen touching the Authority of the Council to set and judge in the Matters aforesaid without a distinct Oath, and that it is therefore necessary that some other Oath should be taken by the Members thereof more fully to qualify them to act therein, Be it therefore enacted and ordained, and it chufc x* is hereby enacted and ordained by his Excellency Colonel James Kendal,

Captain General and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Elands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the Date hereof, no Person shall be admitted to set and judge in the aforesaid Matters, until he hath first taken the following Oath

YOU do [wear. That you will, according to the befl of your Skill, Con[ciencey and 'Judgment, do equal Right, Law, and Justice to their "Majesties, and all "Their Subjects and People, both Rich and Poor, without Favour or Assettion,

Hatred or Malice, or having Regard to any Person whatsoever, that hath any Matters cause3 or Thing^ at any time depending before you.

So help you God, &c.

Which said Oath the Governor for the time being is hereby impowered to administer to each Member that is to set and determine in the Matters aforesaid.

And be it further provided by the Authority aforesaid j That whereas his chufeii. Excellency is, by the Laws of this Ifl .nd, greatly entrusted in determining all the Matters aforesaid, and of Consequence is become included in the Oath aforesaid, and there being no sufficient Authority to administer unto him the said Oath, Be it enacted, That his Excellency taking the fame Oath of his own Administration, shall be as effectual Compliance with this Act, as if done by a Dedimus specially obtained therefore*

Pass'd the 25th Day of October, 16^2.

An Act for Encouragement of all Negroes and Staves, that shall J13° 376. discover any Conspiracyi

WHEREAS sundry of the Negroes and Slaves of this Island have been long preparing, contriving, and designing a most horrid, bloody, damnable, and detestable Rebellion, Massacre, Assassination, and Destruction by them to be committed, done and perpetrated upon and against all the White

S Inhabitants

I 38

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Inhabitants hereof : But before this should be ett'efted, it hath pleased Almighty God to give us a gracious Deliverance by a miraculous Discovery thereof: To the end such barbarous Purposes and Practices may be prevented for the future, and that such Negroes and Slaves as are not infefted and drawn in by the wicked and devilish Inlligations of others, may not be excited thereto, nor perverted in point of their Obedience, but may be encouraged to continue orderly and quietly, and discover, so soon as shall come to their Knowledge, any De-sign, Purpose, or Intent, of any Negro or other Slave, to commit or abet any Insurrection or Rebellion, Be it enacted by his Excellency Colonel jfams Kendal, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Elands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That whatsoever Negro or Slave shall, after Publication hereof, hear any other Negro or Slave speak or utter any Words tending to Mutiny, Insurrection, or Rebellion, or shall have or prepare any Gunpowder, Ball, Sword, Lance, or other Warlike Instrument, than what are allowed for watching, or other Service of the Country, and {h ill forthwith dil-coverthe fame to any Justice of the Peace of this Eland, the said Justice shall joyn himself to the next Justice of the Peace, and they Two are hereby impowered and required to cause the said Negro or other Slave so accused, forthwith to be apprehended, and the Accuser and Accused to be brought Face to Face, and shall diligently inquire into the said Matter- and if they shall find the Accu-fation just, they shall secure the said Negro or Slave, and report the said Matter to his Excellency, or other Governor for the time being, who is hereby humbly requested to appoint Field Officers to try the said Negro or Slave, as by the Act, intituled, An Act for the Governing of Negroes, is provided, who are to proceed accordingly. And if they the said Field Officers shall find the said Negro or Slave guilty of what he or file {lands accused, and shall condemn him or her to suffer Death, such Field Officers shall appraise the condemned Negro as by the said Act is appointed : But the Negro which accuses the other, the Field Officers shall appraise at his or her full Value and Worth, although it exceed the Sum by the said Act limited; of which the said Field Officeis shall forthwith certify his Excellency or the Governor for the time being, upon Oath, who is hereby requested to draw an Order on the Treasurer for that Sum which such Accuser is valued at, to be paid to the Owner of such Negro or Slave at fight : And upon Payment thereof, his Excellency or the Governor for the time being, is requested to declare the said Negro or Slave free; and such Negro shall be sent off this Island by the Treasurer to such Place where he or (lie shall desire, who is hereby required to pay for such Negro’s Passage. But if such Negro had rather stay here with his Matter, Mistress, or Family, and not be free, fudi Negro shall receive Forty Shillings to his own Use from the said Treasurer. And if any Negro or Slave shall not make good his or her Accusation against such Negro or Slave as he or she shall accuse, such Negro or Slave shall receive such Punishment, not to extend to Life or Member, as by Order of the said Two Justices or Field Officers, who shall hear the Matter, shall think fit.

Pass'd the 17th Day of October, 169 2.

J12°377- An Additional AB to an Act} Intituled, An Act for the Governing of Negroes.

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, intituled, An Act for the Gown-ing of Negroes, bearing Date the Eighth Day of August, One thousand six hundred eighty and eight, amongst other things, it was enacted in these Words, tc And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts

8

heretofore

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

139

tC heretofore made concerning or relating any ways to the Governing of Ne-

‘c groes, enacted before the Date of this Act, shall be repealed, and are

cc hereby repealed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever." And whereas

by a former Act of this Island, intituled, A supplcmental Act to a former Att, Recital of a

intituled, An Act for the better ordering and governing of Negroes, bearing fotrairArt-

Date the One and twentieth Day of April, One thousand six hundred seventy

and fix, it was enacted in these Words, eviz. cc That if any Negro or Slave,

" after he hath lived in this Kland for the Space of Twelve Months at least, shall cc run away from his Matter or Mistress, and continue absent above the Space tc of Thirty Days, such Negro or Slave shall suffer Death for the fame; the cc Offence to be tried as the Offences expressed in the firtt Branch of this Act j ££ and the Owner of such Negro or Slave shall be allowed his reasonable Value £C from the publick Treasury of this Island in the same manner as is allowed ££ for other Negroes that fulfer Death by this Act." Which last mentioned Act was often revived and continued,' but the fame Clause, after some Negroes had fulfered Death for running away, as aforesaid, was repealed, it being expected that others would have taken Warning thereby, and not have been guilty of such Offence for the future. And forasmuch as the first mentioned Act now in Force, bearing Date the Eighth Day of August^ One thousand six hundred eighty and eight, hath made no Provision, that such Slaves as absent themselves Thirty Days, shall suffer Death, as aforesaid; and such is their brutifli and barbarous Nature, that they will not be reclaimed by any fair Means, but by the often running away of Negroes and Slaves, and by their long Absence from the Service of their Owners, they become desperate, and d lily plotting, commit Felonies and other Enormities, not only to the Terror and Affrightment of the Neighbourhood, but the Danger of the Island in general $ Be it enacted by his Excellency Colonel James Kendaf Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That if, after Publication of this Act, any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, after he, she, or they have lived in this Island One Negroes, ifab. whole Year, that is, are, or shall run away and absent him, her, or themselves Day^tofuffer from the Service of his, her, or their Matter, Mistress, or other Persons with whom Death, he, she, or they reside, and shall continue absent for and during the Space of Thirty Days, shall suffer Death for the fame 5 the said Offence and Offences to be tried in the like manner by Two Justices of the Peace, and Three Freeholders, as other Criminals in and by the said Act now in Force (to which this is an Addition) are appointed to be tried; such Negro or Slave to be valued by them the said Justices and Freeholders which Value the Owner thereof shall be paid and allowed out of the publick Treasury of this Island, as is allowed for other Negroes that suffer Death by the said Act.

Pass'd the 27th Day of October, 1692.

An Act for the free Soldiers.

Quartering a Regiment of Their Majesties jj3° 378.

Obsolete.

An Act appointing Persons to ride armed.

An

J13° 379-

Expired.

140

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

1.

315° 3So. for prohibiting the Selling of Rum or other Strong li-

quors to any Negro or other Slave.

WHEREAS many Enormities have been committed, and Mischiers hatched and contrived by Negroes and other Slaves, when Opportunities have been given of Meeting, and exceii'tve Drinking theioat : For Remedy thereof for the future, Be it enacted by his Excellency Colonel James Kendal, Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this liland, and by the Authority of the same, That whatsoever Person or Persons, after Publication hereof, shall fell any Rum or any other llrong liquors to any Negro or Slave, or any other Person for the Use of any Negro or Slave, and being convicted thereof by the Oath of any Chriilian before the next Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit Twenty Shillings Sterling fur every such Offence, the one Half to the Informer, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where the Offender liveth, to be recovered by Warrant from the next Justice of the Peace, as in case of Servants ages.

Ak d if' any White Person whatsoever shall buy any Rum or other Strong Liquors for any Negro or Slave, shall forfeit Twenty Shillings for every such Offence, to be recovered in manner as aforesaid, the one Half to the Informer, the other Half to the Poor, as aforesaid, or receive Ten Lash.es upon his or her bare Back by Order of the next Justice j the Whipper to receive Fifteen Pence, to be paid by the Churchwarden by Order of the said Justice for the time being.

JPafs'd the 27th Day o/October, 1692.

30° 381. Expired.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, Intituled, An Act to prohibit and hinder the Inhabitants of this Island to imploy their Negroes and other Slaves in Buying and Selling.

Se£S2‘ J^n *° rev*ve and continue an Act for laying an Im on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported to this Island.

itlLf83, for defraying the Charge of accommodating the

Court-Martial and Officers appointed for the Tryal of

Negroes.

Jj|°384. An Act for settling the Rates of Treight for Commodities of the Produce of this Island shipped for Europe.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

141

An Act for a present Accommodation oj their Majesties Forces 3s5. arrived and daily expected. OD:bkc->

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Ac- J13° 3s6-counts of this Island. Exp"cd‘

An Act for a Present to the Governor. JI3° 387.

J J Obsolete.

An Act to raisee and provide a Strength of Labourers to clean £>o the Trenches^ and repair the Breajt-works and Fortifica- Elil)ircd-tions of this Island, as his Excellency shall direB.

A Supplemental AB to an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Set-

dement of the Militia of this llland. the iare AQ?3f

Militia.

An Act appointing a Comptroller. ^i39°'

An Act for adding feme new Commissioners for settling the counts of the late Expedition.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for laying an Impofetion on H3° 392-Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this Island. E*p‘rtd‘

An Act for the speedy supplying Their Majesties Ships of 0^J93-the Tyger and the Mermaid with Men.

An Act for raising a Levy to discharge the Debts of this Island.

An Additional AB to an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an E*|°ed??5* Imposition on Wines and other strong Liquors imported this llland.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island.

An Act for a present Supply of the flecejjities of this djland.^3,97•

An

8

142

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

313° 39s-

Expired.

313° 399-

Expired.

313° 400.

313° 401.

I'bfulete.

313° 402.

Obsolete.

An Act for an equal Quartering of the Soldiers of his Excellency's Regiment lately arrived, and that shall arrive.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, Intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this IfLand and an Additional AB to an Act, Intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this Island.

An Act to prevent the breaking up and taking away of any Rocks or Stones in any part of the Sea or Sea jhores before this Island.

WHEREAS divers Persons for their private Benefit do continually break and dig up, and carry away great Quantities of Rocks and Stones near the Sea-shore, and thereby render those Places, where the Access of Boats was difficult, easy and safe, to the great Hazard of the Island, in case of Foreign Invasion : It is therefore enacted by his Excellency Colonel Frauds Ruffe I, Lie],- Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the C ha-ribbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, after Publication hereof, presume to dig or break up, or catry away, by Boat or Vessel, or otherwise, any Stones or Rocks in any part of the Sea of this Island within Musket-lhot of Low-water Mark, under Penalty of forfeiting all such Boats or Vessels in which the same shall be lo loaded and carried; and for every Person, Negro, or Slave employed in such Work, the Person employing him or them shall forfeit Six Pounds Sterling, to be recovered upon Complaint and Proof made before any Justice of the Peace, as in case of Servants Wages, the one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other Moiety thereof to the Publick.

Provided nevertheless, That this Acfl shall not refrain the taking of loose Stones washt up by the Sea over all such Rocks and Shoals where no Boat can pass.

Pdfs’d the 13th Day of November, 1694.

An Act to remit the Forfeitures incurred by "Non-payment of the Levies imposed by an Act for a present Supply of the Necejfities of this Island.

An Act for setting forth the Brigantine Marygold, now taken up in the Service of this Island, and defraying other prejfing Necejfities thereof.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

143

Abi AB impowering the Tree-holders of the Parish of St. 4°3* John s to meet and chuse a Vejiry of Tree-holders in the find Parish.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Li- ji2° 404. quors imported this island. Expired.

An Act for securing such Persons as shall advance Seven hun- 4os-

dr ed and four Pounds Sterling for Victualling of His Mafe-°bColeK’ fiy s Ships of War the Bristol and the Play-Prize., and the furnishing them voith other present Necessities.

An Act appointing the Agents, and the Paynient of their Sala- ^°d4°6-vies, for the Soliciting the Affairs of this Country. xp rc'

An Act for a Present of Two thousand Pounds Sterling to the Jj?00k[f°7' Honourable Francis Russel., Esq;

An Act for Additional Supply of the Soldiers of His Majesty's 313° 408. Regiment of Toot, whereof his Excellency Francis Rullel, Expired‘ Esq; is Colonel.

An Act to revive and continue an Act for laying an Imposition E^fr°ed4°9, on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this Island.

An Act for a Present of Two thousand Pounds Sterling unto the j13° 410. Honourable Francis RufTel., Esq; Obrolete‘

An Act appointing, a Committee for Settling the Publick Ac- 313° 41 counts of this Island. Expired.

An Act for laying an tmpoftion on Wines and other Strong Li- 412.

• . 7 .7 ® Expired.

quors imported this Island.

An Act for taking up a Sloop to fetch up the Men from the j!3° 413. Leeward Islands. obibiete.

An Act for raifng a Levy to fit out Ships, and encourage Pri- 3T3° 414, vateers. owbiete.

An

144

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

415*

Obsolete.

An Act for the Encouragement of Privateers.

jB* 416. An Act impowering Philip Kirton, Gent, to fell certain Lands in the Parish of Christ-Church.

Obsolete.

iB° 4x7. An Act to encourage the bringing in of Christian Servants to

obsolete. fjyJS iflan&

30a 418. An Act for the Supply of Commisslon-Officers of His Ma-*pued' jessy's Regiment3 whereof his Excellency Francis RuiTel is

Colonel.

513° 4.19. An Act impower'ing the Freeholders of the Parish of St. Tho-obfoiete. mas, to meet and chuse a Vestry of Freeholders in the said Parish.

JB° 420. An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers to clear obsolete. fjje Trenches, and repair the Breast-works and Fortifications of this Island.

1130421. A Supplemental AB to an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island.

J13° 422. An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments in the Payment of aSjSSi1?, the Powder-Duty.

I $P7- Intituled,

An Act to af* certain the Duty of Masters

553® *423. An Act for the speedy Supply of Arms, Ammunitions, Stores, obfoi«e. anj white Servants.

313° 424. An Act declaring the Decijion of all Controverted Elections of Members to serve in the General Assembly, to be legally and rightfully in the Representatives of His Majesty's Liege People of this Island.

[Preamble.]

TX "p WHEREAS it is the undoubted Right of His Majesty's Subjects of England, for their Representatives in the Honourable House of Commons, to have the deciding of all controverted Elections of Parliament Men : And forasmuch as the Government of this His Majesty's Island of Barbadoes doth resemble that of England as near as may be, and the Assembly here, that of the House of Commons there, being cotnposed of Persons elected by the Freeholders to represent them in the making of Laws, and levying and railing

Money

145

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Money for His Majesty, for the Publick Use, Support, and Defence of this vreambie. Island : And forasmuch as the Differences and Disputes that have arisen upon Elections of the Assembly Men here have been decided by the Assembly, till of late Years some Governors have decided the fame, to the great Discontent of His Majesty's Subjects here, whose Estates may by that Means be liable to be disposed of by. Persons not by them legally chosen their Representatives

To prevent which evil for the future, and that we may in this Island come as near as may be to the Engltflj Form of Government in this Particular, we do, in behalf of His Majesty's Liege People and Faithful Subjects of this Island, pray, that it be enndted and, declared; and be it enacted and declared by the Honourable the President and Council, and General Assembly of this Island, lefudn^be* and by the Authority of the same, That it is the Right and Privilege of the^ir^.tJ^vf,he General Assembly of this Island, to judge and determine of the Truth and Le- Votes in the gality of the Election of any Member or Members chosen, where there shall be any Dispute or Controversy of the fame; and that no Practice or Proceeding to the contrary hereof heretofore had or done, shall be drawn into Example or Precedent, to the Prejudice of the People of this Island; but that for the future, the Truth and Legality of all Elections of any Member or Members to serve in the Assembly, when any Dispute shall arise touching the fame, shall be tried by the Representatives of the People of this Island only; and the Members of the Assembly shall by Plurality of Voices decide all such controverted Elections.

Pdfs'd the 10th 'Day of February, x 65*.

An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers to clear JT3° 425. the Trenchesy and repair the Breaji-works and FortificationsExp:red* of this Islande

A suppleinental and explanatory Act to an Act, intituled\ An 1$°* 426. Act for binding and ordering poor Apprentices.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act of this Island, intituled, An Act for binding and

ordering poor Apprentices, dated the Third Day of Octobery One thousand six hundred eighty and eight, hath.of late been much controverted, and some Question and . Scruple moved thereon, whether any Person, being within the Age of One and twenty Years, and bound to serve as an Apprentice, can be obliged by Indenture for a longer Term or Time than until such Apprentice arrive to the Age of Twenty one Years which Disputes and Differences of Opinions often happening between the Magistrates of this Island by the Absence of their; Apprentices, and the vexatious Suits they have brought against them by their Apprentices for their Freedom, which if not timely provided for, may prove of great Detriment to the Prosperity of this Place : For the Resolution of the said Scruple and Doubt, Be it enacted by the President, ^lause r. Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every such Person or Persons already bound, or - at any Apprentices, time or times from henceforth shall be bound by Indenture to serve as an Ap- Ageoi? iTyec prentice in any Art, Science, or Occupation, according to the Tenor of the be- bou^. t» serve fore recited Act, and in Manner and Form as in and by the said Act is pre- donedTn theu feribed, allieic the same Apprentice, or any of them, shall be within the AgeIndenture:-of One and twenty Years at the time of the making their several Indentures, shall be bound to serve for the Years in their several Indentures contained, as

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

146

amply and largely to every Intent, as if the said Apprentice were of full Are at the time of the making such Indentures any Law, Usage, or Cullom "to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all

To serve b t ^erl°ns within the Age of One and twenty Years to be bound Apprentices, as 7 Yearl6 ut aforesaid, shall not by Indenture be obliged for a longer time than Seven Years, unless such Person or Persons be so young at the time when they are bound Apprentices, that they want a greater Number of Years to arrive to the Age of One and twenty Years.

And whereas by the afore recited Act it is provided. That if any Apprentice shall neglect, absent, or refuse to serve his or her Matter or Mistress, according to his or her Contract or Agreement, that then and in such case, the Two next Justices of the Peace are authorized to order Punishment to be inflicted by whipping or imprisoning such disorderly Apprentice, as in and by the said Act (Reference thereto being had) will more at large appears which Method (Experience hath made manifest) doth in no measure relieve the Matters or Mi fire lies, or work any Reformation in such unruly Apprentices: an Appretiiice therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Appreu-reifnt'th hitm* t*ce or Apprentices already bound, or to be bound in manner, as aforesaid, Leave'ajusticethat shall presume, after Publication of this Act, to absent himself or herself h°m his or her Matter’s or MistrefTe’s Service, without leave first obtained Expiration of from his or her Matter or Mistress, or to be warranted for his or their so doing by his indenture. rpwo next Justices of the Peace, every such Apprentice so absenting him or herself without such Licence, as aforesaid, upon Conviction thereof by the Oath of One or more Witnesses, or his or her own Confession, before the next Justice of the Peace, shall, for-every Hour’s Absence, be adjudged and ordered by the said Justice to serve his or her said Matter or Mistress the like space ct Time after his or her time of Apprenticeship by Indenture is expired, or be proceeded against, as in and by the afore recited Act is appointed, at the Election of his or her Matter or Mistress complaining; any thing in this Act feehiing to the contrary notwithstanding.

And to the end that Apprentices may receive no manner of Encouragement whatsoever to neglect their Duty, and that such Persons who have heretofore given countenance, concealed, or entertained Apprentices that have absenr-The’penauy themselves from their Matter’s or Mistrefie’s Service, may be deterred from against Ewer- the Evil of such unjust Practices for the future. Be it further enacted by the tamers. Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wittingly or willingly entertain any Apprentice for the Space of Twelve Hours, or otherwise countenance his or her Absence from their Matter’s or Mistrefife’s Service, upon Complaint and Conviction thereof by One or more Witnesses. before the next Justice of the Peace, or the Party’s own Confession, the said Justice is hereby authorized to proceed against such Entertainer or Concealer of Apprentices convicted, as aforesaid, and to adjudge them in the like Penalties, and in the same manner as is appointed for Proceedings against the Entertainers of Servants, by an Act dated the Twenty seventh of September, One thousand six hundred sixty and one. Intituled, An Act for the good Government of Set-wants, and Ordering the Rights between Masters and Servants.

Rafs'd the 16th Day of February,

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES; 147

An Act that the Solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the 427" People called Quakers shall he accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS His Gracious Majesty King William, with Advice of the

Lords and Commons in Parliament aflenibled, by an Act made Sri the Seventh and Eighth Years of William III. Intituled., An Act that the Solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form, did enact, That the Solerhri Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quaker f should be accepted and taken in ill the.

Courts of Just ice within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or on any lawful Occasion where . ari Oath shall be required and it being as seasonable that the farrie Liberty should be granted unto the People called Quakers in this island, being part of His Majesty's Dominions, Be it enacted by the President, Council, and General Assembly of this island, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the Publicati- Clause I, on of this Act, every Quaker within this island, who shall be required upon any lawful Occasion to take ari Oath in any case where by? Law an Oath is required, shall instead of the usual Fbrm .be permitted to make his or her S07 lemn Affirmation or Declaration in these Words following, viz.

I A.B. do declare in the Presence of Almighty Pod, the Witness of the Truth of what I say.

The Form b| the Declaration.

Which said Solemn Affirmation of Declaration shall be adjudged and taken; and it is hereby enacted and declared to be of the feme Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes in all Courts of Justice and other Places where by Law an Oath is required withiil this island^ as if such Qttaker Had taken ari Oath in the ufoal Form.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Quaker iur making such Solemn Affirmation ot Declaration, shall be lawfully convicted et) y‘ wilfully, felfelyj and corruptly to have affirmed of declared any Matter of Thing, which if the feme had been in the Usual Form, would have arhounted to wilful, and cofrupt Perjury^ every such Quaker so offending shall incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures as by the Laws and Statutes of the K-ingdom of England are enacted against Peffons convicted of \yilful aridcoftugt, Perjury;

Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Quaker, Or reputed Quaker, shall, by virtue of this Act, be qualified of permitted to give Evidence in any criminal Caiifes* Or serve on &hy juries, of- bear afiy Office or Place of Profit lii the Government j any thing, in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise riotwithftariding.

This Act: to continue for the Space of Seven Years from the Publication hereof, and no longer;

Pass'd the 3d Day of March, i6$6i

T a ' Act

148

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

313° 428- An Act to difabte the Judges from Pleading and PraBifim

Confirmed - £ . r . rtl j ° J o

9 jui3im7=i. 2« of the Courts of this Island.

FORASMUCH as it is very inconsistent with the Honour and Dignity of a Judge to be a Common Pleader, or to practise as an Attorney jit Law in any the Courts of this Island, and that such Pleading is an evident debarring of their Power and Authority, and may introduce and be an Inlet into several Mischiefs, as well as enormous Crimes, and illegal and undue Proceedings, to the Prejudice of Justice, and the laying open a Gap for Bribery : For judges not to Prevention whereof be it enacted and ordained, and it is hereby enacted and plead. ordained by the Honourable the President and Council, and General Aflem-bly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, it Cull not be lawful for any Judge in this Island to plead or practise in any of the Courts within the same; any former Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Pass’d the 1 Stb of May, 1697.

13° 429. An Act to repeal an Act, Intituled\ All Adfc for laying a Du-f°ju/™U- t5r on Shipping, for the Building of Piers, and clearing the Bar in Carltjle-Road.

An Aa of Re- I *)E it enacted by the President, Council, and General Assembly of this ptai. J3 Island, and by the Authority of the same, That- an Act bearing Date the

One and twentieth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord God, One thousand six hundred; eighty and seven, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on Shipping, for the Building, of Piers, and clearing the Bar in Carlisle-Road, and all the Branches, Clauses and Articles, Sentences and Provisoes therein contained, and every of them, shall be repealed, and are hereby declared to be repealed, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever j any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pass'd the 18th Day <2^ May, i6gj.

43 o- An Act appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Ac-Exp,red* counts of this Island.

H^.red431" to revive and continue an Act for laying an Ini-

xp,r£ ’ position on Wines and other firottg Liquors imported this Island, , .

Expired^32* declaring how the Charges and Expences for the taking

up and fitting out the Ship Providence Frigot, and the Ship Benjamin, which were lately employed in the Country's Ser* v vice, shall be born and paid\

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

149

An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elect ons. and appointing who shall he deemed Free-holders, and

7 5 V J- r 7°r7 J 7 j n 1 rt r 7 fame r*tle>

be capable of electing, or being elected Representatives, Pass’d 14 June, Vestry-men, or to serve as Jurors to try Real Actions voithin this Island.

An Act to ascertain the Duty of Majters of Ships and

chants for the Payment of an Impojt of Powder on the Tun-linage.

WHEREAS heretofore many Deceits and Frauds have been used and PraT-bI"' practised in the Payment of the Duty of Powder, which tends very much to the Prejudice and great Hazard of the Loss of this Island, if not timely prevented : To the intent therefore that Merchants, Owners, and Matters of Vessels, for the future may know their respective Duties on their Arrival, and what Impost of Powder shall henceforward be required of them, and in' clausei what manner, and to whom the same shall be paid. Be it enacted by the Ho-O^of nourable the President and Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, Tun to be paid and by the Authority of the same, That every Matter or Commander of anyabrrfvTn7r Ship or Vessel trading to this Island, shall pay One Pound of good Gun-powder per Tun for every Tun (according to the Tunnage of his Ship or Vessel ) to the Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine for the time being, before they land any Goods on Shore (Horses or other living Creatures excepted ) upon Penalty and Forfeiture of One hundred Pounds Sterling, to be forthwith paid by the said Matter or Commander, upon Conviction before the President and Council, or Commander in Chief for the time being, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, that he or they have not paid the fame according to the Tenor of this Act : And in case he or they shall refuse to pay the Penalty aforesaid, to stand committed by Warrant from the President or Commander in Chief, until he or they shall have paid the fame 5 which Forfeiture to be to His Majesty, and applied to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island.

And be it limber enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That ahsmpI w be all Ships and Vessels liable to the Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed, o^iorsauged shall be reported on Oath, or gauged by the I,ength of the Keel taken within Board ( so much as she treads upon the Ground ) and the Breadth to be taken within Board by the MidChip-beam from Plank to Plank and the Depth of the Hold from the Plank, below the Kelsey, to the under part of the Deck_.

Plank j and for a Two Deck Ship ( which carrieth Goods between Decks the Depth of her Hold to be taken from the Plank below the Kelsey, to the under part of the Upper Deck Plank, and the Length and Depth as before; ’

then multiply the Length by the Breadth, and the Product thereof by the Depth, and divide the whole by Ninety four, and the Quotient will give the true Contents of the Tunnage, according to which Method and Rule all Vessels shall be measured, and the Duty computed and paid.accordingly any Custom, Usage, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding. . ciaureiu "

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the; Keeper oFa Rafter of the Stores of the Magazine for the time being is hereby required to keep aj^o^1® fair Register of all Entries upon Oath in a well-bound Book or Books by him to be provided and kept for that purpose; and in no. case whatsoever to receive, take, or demand any Reward, Fee or Fees by virtue of his said Office, other than what in this Act is appointed : and at all times when required by the

8 Committee

150 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Committee of Publick Accounts, the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine shall bring before the said Committee the said Book or Books, wherein shall be fairly written the Names of such Matter or other Person who hath so entred or reported, with the Names of such their Ships or Vessels, their Tunnage or Burden; and faithfully account for all Powder Arms, or other Stores that shall be delivered or come into his Care and Possession by virtue of his Office, for the Use or Account of the Publick : And if the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine shall have reason to suspect any Matter or Commander Who hath made a short Entry of his Ship or Vessel, then, and in such case the said Keeper of the Stores shall himself, or employ a Sworn Surveyor as a Gauger, immediately to repair on Board such Vessel or Vessels by him so fulpe&ed, to take the true Burden of such Vessel, according to his best Judgment, and thereof shall make Report upon Oath before the Governor and President, or Commander in Chief for the time being, in Presence of the Master, Commander, or other Person that made Entry of the said Ship or Vessel upon which said Judgment and Oath, if it be found that the Entry of the said Ship or Vessel be short, the Matter or other Person making that short Entry, shall, for the fame, forfeit and pay Three Pounds of good Gun-powder for every Tun short entred, without any Fee or Charges to be paid by the said Keeper of the Stores.

And whereas the Welfare and Safety of this Place in a very great measure depends on the Care and Fidelity of such Person or Persons as shall for the future be nominated and appointed Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine, it being a Place of great Trust, and highly requisite that a fit Person from time to time be elected and choseh by the general Consent and Approbation of the President or Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, the Council, cUureiv< and General Assembly , Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, conUnuefor '° That the Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine from henceforth shall be annu-new Hieftion 3 nominated by the General Assembly, recommended by them to the President or Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, with Consent of the Council, for his Confirmation and Continuance in such Office for the Term and Space of One Year, and no longer, without a new Election to be made of him in manner as aforesaid.

And to the end such Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine, chosen as aforesaid, may have due Encouragement to perform and execute the said Office, It ciaute v. is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine shall annually receive, for his Care and Pains therein, Ann' 3*ter r^e of One hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum; which said Reward or Salary, as the fame becomes annually due, shall be paid Him by virtue of an Order from the President or Governor, or Commander in chief for the time being, with the Consent of the Council, drawn on the publick Treasurer of this Island, at the Motion and Request of the General Assembly : And the said Treasurer is hereby authorized and required, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to give due Obedience, and make Payment of all such Order and Orders that shall be drawn on him, as aforesaid, out of any the Publick Treasures.

Sufficient Sc- A n d it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper of

rurity tu bs the Stores of the Magazine shall give efficient Security in the Secretary’s Office, gwen. with Two’sufficient and responsible Persons besides himself^ to the President and Council, or to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling Money, for the true and faithful Execution of his Office, and Performance of all and every the Trusts and Powers that are by this Law to him committed. And the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine, before he shall be capable of acting ih tKe said Place, shall appear before the President and Council for the time being, and take an Oath on the Holy Evangelists in the Words following, "Jz.

' I do

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 151

Do fvoear, That I will endeavour to my utmost Power, in allo«h?fficer,# Things, to observe, perform, fulfil, and execute the Place of Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine and that I will not doy or consent to he done, any thing that is or may he to the Wrong,

Injury, or Disadvantage of His Majesty, in the Uses appointed by this Act, hut will take due Care well and truly to preserve all such Stores, Arms, and Munitions of War, as shall he placed or lodged in the Magazine, or put into my Cnflody or Charge, until the fame he lawfully required from me.

And be it farther enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper of the Stores of the.Magazine shall be allowed Twenty Pounds, for keeping Current Money, more per Annum for his Charges and Trouble in surveying Account5' all such Vessels as he or any other Person shall suspect to be under entred, bolides all reasonable Charges for the bringing to, or carrying from the Magazine any of the Stoies thereof^ to be paid out of the Publick Treasury of this island; and the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine shall account with the Committee of Publick Accounts for the time being, for all Matters relating to the Stores of the Magazine, and all other things for which he is or ought to be accountable^ as often as he shall be thereunto required by the said Committee of Publick Accounts.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Keeper N° Stores tobe of the Stores of the Magazine shall not any ways fell, barter, or exchange, ex- artere or 01 port, fend off this island, or commute or take Money, or any other Value, in lieu of Gunpowder, Fire Arms, or other Stores of the said Magazine, or which shall be under his Care or Trust, without the Consent^ Leave, or Licence of the Presidefit and Council, and Assembly or Governor, Council and Assembly for the time being, first had and obtained in Writing, to warrant his so doing : And in case the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine, or any Person or Persons having at any time hereafter the Charge and Custody of any Armour, Ordnance, and Munition, Shot, Powder, or Habilirrients of War, of the King’s Majesty's Stores, shall, for any Lucre or Gain, wittingly and advi-fedly, and of purpose to hinder or impede His Majesty's Service, imbezil, pur-loyn, or convey away any of, the fame Armour* Ordnance, or Munition, Shot,

Powder, or Habiliments of /War* to the Value of Twenty Shillings at one or several times, that then every such Offence shall be adjudged Felony, and the Offender or Offenders therein to be tried, proceeded on* and suffer as in case of Felony, and as is provided, enacted, and declared by an A<5fc made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Chap. 4. intituled, An Act against the ImbeziUing of Armour, Habiliments of War, and Victuals j and also of a Statute made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles II. Chap. 5. intituled, An Act for taking away the Benefit of the Clergy from such as steal Cloth from the Rack, and from such as Jieal or imbezil His Majesty's Ammunitions and Stores*

And be it further enacted, ordained, and established by the Authoritysch"feviir. aforesaid, That the Commissioners for settling the' Publick Accounts of this to render just island for the time being, are hereby declared to have, and shall have fullAccounts* Power and Authority to call and cause to come before them all such Person or Persons, Officer or Officers, as have been or shall be entrusted with. Or have had the Care and Charge of the Stores of the Magazine for any time past, and that they, and every of them, render fair and just Accounts of all such Stores, Ammunition and Money, as have been by him or them received for the Use of the Publick, or for which he or they do or shall stand charged, and are or

152

ClauselX Repeal at the former Acts C this purpol'e.

JB° 435-

Confirmed 9 July, 170a.

l'rcarr.ble.

Clause I. Every Freeman to serve in the Militia.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

ought to be accountable > and therein the said Commissioners have and shall have full Power and Authority to grant Execution against any Person or Persons whatsoever, their Executors and Administrators, that are any ways indebted, as aforesaid, and to command all Books of Accounts and Writings of any Debtor or Debtors before them, whereby Proof or Discovery may be made of any such Debt or Debts so due for any Stores, Arms, or Ammunitions, as aforesaid, and to administer Oaths to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for manifesting the Truth; and in all these Particulars to have the like Authority as is ul'ed in the High and Honourable Court of Chancery, and to proceed therein as by an Act lately expired^ intituled, An Act for appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island, bearing Date the Eighth Day of May, One thousand six hundred ninety and fix, the said Committee was impowered to proceed against any other Person or Persons whatsoever indebted to the Publick.

Provided always, That the Power given to the said Committee extend not to call in question any Person or Persons who have had the Care and Trust of the said Magazine for above Twelve Years last past; any thing in the aforesaid Act, or this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act bearing Date the Twenty fifth Day of Map, One thousand six hundred sixty and nine, intituled, An Act appointing an Impost of Powder on the Tannage of all Ships trading to this Island; and One other Act bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of August, One thousand six hundred ninety and fix, intituled, An Act to prevent frauds and Concealments in the Payment of the Powder-Duty; and all the Clauses, Sentences, and Provisoes therein contained, are hereby declared to be repealed, and shall stand repealed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any thing in the said Acts or any of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pass’dthe x-yth Day of June, x6pj.

An Act for the Settlement of the Militia of this Island.

FORASMUCH as it is highly reasonable that the Inhabitants of this Island should be well armed and provided with sufficient Stores of Ammunition and other Necessaries of War, as also be carefully exercised and in-ftrufted in the Military Art and Feats of Arms, which will tend, as well to the Honour and Service of His most Excellent Majesty, as the Preservation of our Lives and .Estates •, Be it therefore enacted by the President, Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That every Free-holder or other Free-man inhabiting this Island, who hath not already contrafted to serve some Person in his Plantation to appear and serve for him in the Militia for and during the Spade of Six Months at least, and not serving on Horseback, shall be forthwith inlisted a Soldier on Foot in such Regiment where they do or shall reside, and provide himself with One Red Coat,: One Black'Hat, One well-fixed Musket or Fufil, One good Sword or Bayonet, One Cartridge-Box filled with Cartridges, fitted with Powder and Ball, or One Collar of Bandaleers, and shall always have by him in Stote One Pound of very-good Musket Powder,- Four Pounds of Bullet fitting the Bore of his Musket or Muskets; Fufil or Fufils, when put into the Cartridges ( or otherwise if Bandaleers ) which shall be made up into Cartridges by such Person or Persons as have Cartridge-Boxes; and kept in their Cartridge-Boxes j except always such Persons who are already provided with Collars of 8 Bandaleers,

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 153

Bandaleers, who are hereby allowed Eight Months to provide themselves with good Trunks or Bucchaneer Cartridge-Boxes.

A h d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every 'Inhabi- cUufe u. tant of this Island, who is or shall be in actual Possession of Twenty Acres ofof Land or upwards within this Island, shall find or provide for every such Twen-ty Acres of Land, one sufficient able Man to bear Arms for the Service of His Foot, Majesty in Defence of this Island $ and so proportionably for a greater quantity of Land, and shall provide for every such Man such Arms and AccoutrementSj and like quantity of Ammunition in all respects, as every Free-man serving on Foot is before by this Act appointed to provide, to be always in (lore by him; un(efi. he ftrye except only such Persons who have but Twenty Acres of Land, and no more, himreif. who serve in their own Persons.

And be it also further enacted, That every Two Tenants appearing com- clausein. plete in Arms for the Landlord, shall be henceforth deemed and taken equi- com-

Valent to Three common Frce-men or Servants serving either on Horse or Foot.mon Free men. Provided always, That every such Tenant occupy and possess Two Acres of Land at the least, they having a Lease of the fame in Writing for Three Years, or more, and live upon the lame Land j otherwise the Landlord shall receive no Advantage thereby.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person that is Owner or Possessor of One hundred Acres of Land, or more, either in cresw finds his own Right, or as an Agent to another, or by any other Way, Title, or Te-140112, nure whatsoever, shall, for every Hundred Acres, furnish and set forth One able Horse, manned and completely armed for His Majesty's Service, and this Island’s further Preservation, in case of Invasion or Insurrection and for One hundred sixty Acres of Land, find and set forth Two such Horses and Men, and so One Horse and Man for every Hundred Acres of Land he hath more, manned, and furnished each with a Red Coat and Black Hat, a good service-able Saddle, Crupper, Breast-plate, Head-stall, and Reins, with a Cafe of good well fixed Pistols and Holders, a good Carabine, with a Belt and Swivel to fling it in, and a good Fulil, with a Wire and Worm, and Cover for the Lock, and Cork for the Muzzle } Provided they have One Year’s time from the Publication of this Act to be provided with Fufils, and appear with a Fufil upon Alarms only, and not upon usual Excercife j One Flask or Cartridge-Box, a good Sword, a Pair of Shoe-Boots, or Spring Boots and Spurs j and have always in Store by him One Pound of good Pistol Powder, and Two Pounds of good Pistol Bullets, and One Pound of Bullets fit for the Bore of his Carabine and Fufil, made up in Cartridges, if he have or fend Cartridge-Boxes, to be kept close in his or their Box or Boxesj as far as it or they will contain them, for each such Horse so set forth, for which the Owner or Possessor of each such Horse so set forth, shall be excused Two Foot-Soldiers.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Free- £v^aUon7t’iiac holder or Free-man within this Island, although lie be not possessed of One keeps^a Horse, hundred Acres of Land, yet if he have a sufficient Horse of his own, able for xroop.e in the such Service, shall in like manner be provided with Furniture, Arms, and Ammunition for the Service aforesaid, and shall attend his Officers on Exerci-sing Days, or upon any other lawful Summons whatsoever, at the Place appointed •, and shall therefore be excused Two Foot-Soldiers, if any be required from him by this Act before-mentioned;.

And to the intent. the careJefs and stubborn People of this Island, who Eve^erfJn shall either neglect or refuse to yield Obedience to this Act, may be compelled *? appear thereto, be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all 5ummons‘ such Persons, who are by this Act appointed to serve on Foot, do duly make their Appearance complete in Arms, as is before-mentioned, at such Times and Places as are or shall be to them legally appointed for Exercise by their respective Officer or Officers, or upon any other lawful Summons whatsoever,

U and

154 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

and do then bring with them Four Charges of Gun-powder and Ball,- and that every Person who shall be found defective in fitting themselves, or providing such Persons as they are to set forth with Arms, Ammunition, and Accoutrements, as by this Act is enjoyned, shall ( unless he fend a reasonable Excuse in Writing to the Commander then and there being, or proves it afterward by the Oath of feme credible Witness) forfeit in manner and form following, 'viz. For every Default of Appearance at the Time and Place of Exercise, or upon other lawful Summons whatsoever. Five Shillings Sterling for every Day each Man, according to the Offender’s Proportion of Land, shall be wanting; and the like Sum of Five Shillings for every Day, if the Service be for the Day only, or every Night, if the Service be for the Night only : But if the Duty shall continue Twenty four Hours, he shall forfeit but Five Shillings for the whole upon any Duty whatsoever that he shall be wanting. And all Persons appearing not being completely armed and clothed according to this Act, shall forfeit (for the Person for whom he serves) for every well fixt Musket or Fufil he or she shall want of his or her Proportion, Two Shillings; for every Sword or Bayonet, Two Shillings; for every Cartridge-Box or Collar of Ban-daleers. Two Shillings for appearing without a Red Coat, Two Shillings and Six Pence; without a Black Hat, Two Shillings; and for want of Shoes and Stockings, Two Shillings; and for want of Four Charges of Powder and Ball, One Shilling; and for every Pound of Gun-powder he shall want of his Proportion in Store by him, made up into Cartridges, or filled into Banda-leers. One Shilling; and for want of every Pound of Bullet by him, or placed in the Pouch, Six Pence, as is by the last Paragraph in this Act appointed; which aforesaid Fines are to be levied for each particular Default expressed in rruviso- the Execution, and not otherwise : Always provided, That none or the particular Defaults aforesaid are to be levied upon Persons not appearing, but such Fine only as is imposed for their Non appearance. And to the end each Man’s Stores may be the better known, the respective Colonels within this Island are impowered to appoint fit Persons, from time to time, of their Commission-Officers immediately after the Publication of this Act, to inspect the fame within their several Divisions, who shall report the State thereof to them, who shall immediately return the Names of every Offender and Offenders against this Act to the Colonel or Commander in Chief of every respective Regiment, under the Penalty of Thirty Shillings, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the respective Colonels, directed to the next Constable, to be by him levied in the same manner as in case of Servants Wages; and so from Month to Month : And the respective Colonelsshall make due Report of all such Returns unto the President and Council, or to the Commander in chief of this Island for the time being, in Two Months after the Publication of this Act, and so every Two Months, under the Pain and Forfeiture of Fifty Shillings, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the President or Commander in Chief for the time being, who is hereby desired and impowered to issue the fame, directed to the Provost Marllial, or his lawful Deputy, to levy the same in manner as in case of Servants Wages* clausevii. And it is further enacted, declared, and established by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person shall neglect to appear with a sufficient Horse or Horses in proportion to His Land, manned and equipped as by this Act is injoyned, at such Time and Place as shall be legally appointed for Exercise by the respective Officer or Officers, or upon any other lawful Summons, shall (unless he fend a reasonable Excuse to the Commander then or there being, or prove it afterwards by the Oath of some credible Wimefs, as in case of Sick-ness, or some extraordinary unexpected Business, such Excuse to be lawfully forfeiture of accepted)1 forfeit as follows, •viz. For Non-appearance of each Person on Horse-no^ap^Hne- ^>ac^» ^en Shillings for every Day, if the Service be for the Day only; or for every Night, if the Service be for the Night only t Bat if the Duty shall continue

*55

The LJWS of B ARBADOES.

tinue Twenty four Hours, he shall forfeit for the whole time but Ten Shillings. And ail Persons appearing, not being completely armed according to this Act, shall, for Default of every Pair of well fixed Pistols and Holders, forfeit Five Shillings , for every Flask or Cartridge Box, Two Shillings , for every Sword, Two Shillings 5, for every Carabine, Belt, and Swivel, Five Shillings 5 for every Pair of Boots and Spurs, Five Shillings; for every Pound of Powder he should have in Store by him. Five Shillings and Six Pence; and for every Two Pounds of Bullet, One Shilling; in such manner as is appointed in the Fifth Paragraph of this Act to be levied for by the Marshal of each respective Regiment (or his lawful Deputy) in manner following, viz. A Lift of the aforesaid Defaults, so soon as they or any of them shall happen, shall be signed by a Commission Officer of the Troop or Company in which it or they are made, and sent to the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being of the said Regiment, who hath hereby full Power and Authority, as Occasion shall offer, to sign Execution against the Offender, and issue out his Warrant to the Marshal of the said Regiment, or his Deputy 5 and in case of Resistance, '

then and in such case the Colonel or Commander in Chief of such Regiment is hereby authorized to raise such Forces, as he in his Discretion shall think fit; who are hereby required at all times, upon Summons by virtue of the said Precept, to be aiding and assisting, to the utmost of their Power, to the said Marshal, or his Deputy, in executing the fame : And if any Person or Persons, incurring the said Penalties, shall refuse to shew such Goods, Chattels, or E-state, as may be sufficient for Payment of the Forfeiture according to the Execution granted, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Officer, or his Deputy, to take whatsoever he can find in the Plantation or Custody of the said Offender that is legally distrainable for the Payment aforesaid.

Provided always, That the said Marshals of the rest>ective Regiments,Proviftf. or their Deputies, do not make unreasonable Distresses, taking Goods that much exceed the Value of the Defaults distrained for; but do come as near; the Value of the Defaults as possibly they can : i^nd that it may be the better understood whether they observe the Proviso aforesaid, the said Marshal, or his Deputy, upon such Distress, shall leave a Certificate of what Goods and Chattels he hath so distrained upon, and for what Value, with the Owner thereof: And all such Attachments shall be fully executed, and an Appraisement of all Goods attached, made, and finished within Ten Weeks next after the Default of the Delinquent* otherwise to be void* and the Overplus, if any be, shall be retained by the Marshal to the Party from whom it was attached : And the said Marshal neglecting or refusing to do the fame within Ten Days from taking the Distress, shall forfeit double the Value of the Overplus so by him taken, to be recovered by Complaint of the Party grieved before any Justice of the Peace within this Island, as in case of Servants Wages.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That c^ue[=vnr.^ it shall and may be lawful to and for the Colonel or Commander in Chief Executions a. of every respective Regiment for the time being, to sign Execution against fa«!re[s?e" Defaulters, and to issue out Warrants of Appraisement, and thereby to command the respective Marshals of such Regiments, or their Deputies, to summon Three Freeholders.of the Neighbourhood, which Three (or any Two of them) are to make a just and conscionable. Appraisement of such Goods and Effects as shall be shewed by the Delinquent himself; and in case of his Refusal, then by the Officer, or his. Deputy, for Satisfaction of the Execution aforesaid, and such Appraisement to give under their Hands, or any Two of them, upon Oath; which: Oath the Marshal of each respective Regiment, or his Deputy, is hereby authorized and required to administer to such Appraifers5 and if the Person or Persons Delinquents, as aforesaid, shall not shew Effects, or if the Marshal or his Deputy shall not find any Goods, Chattels, or Estate

U 2 of

I5<5

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Marshals to ap' prehend the Bodies of Delinquents.

[Proviso.]

Claure IX. Who fends his full Complement not to be returned.

[Proviso.]

Clause X. Defaults of the Soldiers to be punished with corporal Pu-nilhraent

of the said Delinquents, whereupon to levy his Execution for Satisfaction of the Forfeitures therein mentioned, then the Marshal or his Deputy, by Warrant from the Colonel or Commander in Chief of the said Regiment for the time being, who is hereby impowered to grant the fame, shall apprehend the Body or Bodies of the Person or Persons delinquent, as aforesaid, and him or them to bring, or cause to be brought before the said Colonel or Commander in Ciiief of the Regiment for the time being, where such Default is or shall be nude, as aforesaid, who is hereby required to command such Delinquents to be obedient to this Act:, and to make Payment for every past Default I'o due, as aforesaid : And upon Non-compliance or Refusal, to fend such Delinquent or Delinquents, by the said Marshal, or his Deputy, with a Mittimus to the Provost Marshal of this Island for the time being, who is hereby impowered and commanded to receive the Body or Bodies of such refractory Person or Persons, and in safe Custody to keep, until he or they shall become conformable to the said Act, or be thence delivered by due Course of Law.

Always Provided, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That when any Troop or Company are summoned unto Arms for Exercise, or otherwise, and no Commission-Oflficer be there present to perform the Duty, no Default of all or any Person shall be then or for such time fineable but the Commission-Officers in such case shall be fined for their Defaults•viz. The Captain of Horse Twenty Shillings, the Lieutenant Fifteen Shillings, the Cornet Ten Shillings, and the Quarter-Master Seven Shillings and Six Pence : The Captain of a Foot Company Twenty Shillings, the Lieutenant Fifteen Shillings, and the Ensign Ten Shillings, upon due Proof thereof made before the Colonel or Commander in Chief of the said Regiment j and the Fine shall be levied as other Offences before by this Act are appointed to be levied.

A nd since it is not legal or equitable to punish Men for Impossibilities, the Inhabitants of this Kland not being able to provide themselves with Servants during this War, and that all imaginable Provision hath been made by the President, Council, and General Assembly, both to provide Servants, and to-impose the said Servants upon such as want the same to serve in the Militia; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, from and after the Publication of this Act, shall be returned or levied upon for not fending his Complement of Men, who fends all the Servants and Tenants he hath or can procure on the Terms in this Act, and the Ad that now doth, or any Law that shall hereafter set the Prices given for Servants brought to this Island, shall appoint, to the bed of his Knowledge - which said Person shall make out upon Oath, if thereto required, before the Captain of every Troop or Company in the Division he lives, or before the Colonel or Commander in Chief of the said Regiment for the time being.

Provided always, That no Person be obliged to give more than Nine Pounds Sterling per Annum during the present War with France to any such Servant. Arid Provided always, That such Servant shall do such Service and Duty as he hath contracted for; and in case he shall prove unfit for such Service, and not deserve the Wages aforesaid, then the Master having proved the fame before the next Justice of the Peace, and having Certificate thereof under the said' Justice’s Hand-, may lawfully dismiss the said Servant from such Service,* and yet .shall not be deemed a Delinquent, according to the Purport of this Act $ any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Be it also enacted, ordained, and established by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Servant or other Soldier inlisted to serve for any other Person, shall make any of the aforesaid Defaults, which are in-no wife chargeable up-efti, or imputable to the Person for whom he serves,- then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time beirig^of such Regiment, to give such Offender corporal Punishment 1 •' (provided

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

T57

(provided he pay not his Fine before, or at the next Exercising Day that the Pr0viro,

Person he serves for should have paid) by lying Neck and Heels, running the Gantlop, or riding the Wooden Horse, not exceeding One Hour, with One Musket at each Foot, at the next Meeting of the Troop or Company, at the Discretion of the said Colonel or Commander.

And it is further enacted and ordained by the Authority afore f.iiJ, That cfause xi. if any Person or Persons that shall be summoned as Appraisers (which Summons are to be made in Writing, and left with the Party or Parties at his or their House or Houses, or common Place of Abode, at the least Forty eight Hours before the time of Appraisement, to be proved upon Oath before the Colonel or Commander in Chief of such Regiment for the time being, who is hereby authorized to administer the same) shall not appear, or appearing, shall Not appealing, refuse to make Appraisement, as aforesaid, that then every such Person, with-10 e out a reasonable Excuse, to be adjudged by the said Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being of the said Regiment, shall forfeit Thirty Shillings, to be levied by Warrant from the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the tn "e being of the said Regiment, directed to the said Marshal, or his Deputy, to It ay the fame upon their or any of their Goods or Estate by way of Distress, in the same Manner, Form, and Btfedt, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as is appointed and practised by Justices and Constables as in Case of Servants Wages : All which said Fines the said Marshals of the Horse and Foot may retain to their own Use.

And it is hereby enacted, published, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being of the Life-cS*nefa<ff the Guard, hath, and shall have the fame Power to issue forth his Warrant andhife£uard

J J P}aVt.

Warrants to his Marshal j and the said Marshal, or his Deputy, hath, and shall levy Finsi. have thereby the fame Power to levy such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures of the Goods or Estate of any Person or Persons inlisted under his Command, offending as aforesaid and have also the like Power in all things, and in the same manner as the Colonels or Commanders in Chief for the time being of every respective Regiment have hereby unto them granted.

And whereas the Assessment upon every Hundred Acres of Land to find

One Horse and Rider, as aforesaid, may prove very inconvenient to the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council in this Island, to the Gentlemen of the Assembly, Judges of Courts, and Field-Officers of the respective . , Regiments within this Island, in respect of their publick Imployments, Be it therefore enacted, ordained, published, and declared by the Authority afore-EverycoS?' said, That all Persons that are actually of the Council, and all Field-Officers in officer Commission, and resident in this Island, be allowed and abated out of their Abated Two Ce Proportion injoy ned by this Act, Two Horses each, whereof his own RidingHorfeseach-Horse to be One (provided they take this Privilege in one Capacity only) allpnjviso. Gentlemen of the Assembly, all that have been of the Council, all that are or have been Chief Judges of Courts j and also all that have born Commissions, as Field Officers, and resident within this Island, shall be allowed out of their Proportion before enacted. One Horse each, and no more, for his own Use, with the above Condition.

And it is further enacted and declared, That all the Honourable Mefti-C£k"fe xiv. bers of the Council are hereby exempted from all Military Duty in their own empiS from Persons, they being by their Offices obliged to attend the Person of the MlIiury Duty; General, and to be imployed in no other Service $ nor up'qn . that, but in case of Alarums, Invasion, or Insurrection, unless such ’as beaf a military Command. , ' ' : .y': '

And it is further enacted, That every Gentleman of the Assembly.for the,parent Xffem-time being, all Chief Judges of Courts, and their Affiftattts,1 qr have been "y, and sonnet. Chief Judges, all that havd been Members of the Council, all that have served jxlmpwdfrom as Field Officers, but are out of Commission, all Justices of the Peace, be ex-'^"fy’^ut on

empted

i5§

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

erupted from all Military Duty in their own Persons (except in case of Ala-turns) who are then and in such case injoined to appear with such Arms, Ammunition, and Accoutrements, as are by this Act required from all and every other Person serving on Horseback in the Troop within the Division where they live, and be liable to the like Penalties for Non-appearance, and other nde ahlied in Deficiencies herein after expressed. But for and during the time of the pie Tent time of war. War, the Justices of the Peace, and the several respective Assistants of each respective Court within this Island, fit all appear armed and accoutred, as aforesaid, in their respective Troops within the Division they live, on all Days of Exercise, to the Intent their Horses may be inured to the firing of Guns, and become the more bold, thereby to charge the Enemy in case of an Invasion.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, Tint the said Justices be not liable to Petrols, or the common Duties of the Troop, at any other Time than upon Alarums or actual Invasion.

Clause kl A n d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no other Per-^"s°*ebJer'son or Persons of what Account soever (except as it is before excepted) shall exempted. be freed or exempted from personally riding his own Horse, or otherwise being in Arms on Foot, when thereunto legally required, for the strengthning the Militia of this Island.

And that all Persons that are able to bear Arms may be exercised and made fit for the better Service of His Majesty in the Defence and Preservation of this clause xvii. Island, Be it ordained and established by the Authority aforesaid, That what beSfted05 ° Persons soever who have Apprentices, as Merchants, Artificers, and others, and be deemed fit for His Majesty's Service, shall be forthwith infilled by the Commanders of the several Companies in whole Division they reside, and appear complete in Arms in all Respects, as by this Act before is appointed upon Foot-Soldiers; and for any Defect or Default, to be subject to the like Penalties as Landed Men are, if the Matter be found in Default therein.

[Proviso.]Always Provided, All such Apprentices of Artificers shall be by the Co-

lonel or Commander in Chief of that Regiment for the time being, billeted proportionably upon Persons that want Servants for their Number of Acres aforesaid; and the Persons for whom they serve shall fumish them with all Accoutrements, Arms, and Ammunition, as is by this Act appointed, clause xvlli. And be it further enacted and established by the Authority aforesaid, That what Person soever that is or shall be hereafter enlisted under the Command either of Horse or Foot within this Island, and receiving legal Summons ^Pe/bein'0 according to the Appointment of this Act, by Sound of Trumpet, Beat of summoned^ind Drum, or otherwise, to appear in Arms, it being by Order from the President without Tcave. or Commander in Chief for the time being of this Island, and appearing shall refuse and neglect to perform such' Military Duty as shall be required from him or in case such Person shall depart his Colours or his Guard with his Arms, without Leave from his Officer or Officers, and being convicted thereof before his Captain or Field-Officer there being, shall be fined Twenty Shillings j and in case he doth not pay the same before or at the next Exercising Day, then to receive moderate corporal Punittiment, by lying Neck and Heefi, running the Gantlop, or riding the Wooden Horse, noc exceeding One Hour, with One Musket at each Heel, by Order of the Colonel or any Field-Officer of the said Regiment.

An'perfi^w And be it further enacted, established, and ordained by the Authority Ph-eto which ^ore^1^ That if any Person or Persons lifted in feme Company or Troop of they remove, a Regiment, Hull remove from his or their Place of Abode into any other Company of the fame Regiment, or within the Bounds of some other Regiment, he shall forthwith, upon fetch Removal, cause himself to be infilled in that Company or Troop where he goeth to abide, and shall thereof bring a 8 . Certificate

The LAWS of BARBADOES;

159

Certificate to the last Captain, who, upon Receipt thereof, shall give him a Furloe for his Discharge from further Duty to be required of him; and who-lbever shall neglect his Duty therein, shall, in case of any Defect by him or them made in the Company or Companies, Troop or Troops where lie or they were first enlisted, incur the Penalties of this Act enjoyned for Non-appearance, and shall be levied in the same Manner, and converted to the fame Use, as is therein expressed.

And be it further enacted, established, and ordained by the Authority chafe xx, aforesaid, That every poor Free-man within this Island, whether hired to or tab^eniutS. with any Person, or otherwise, shall duly appear complete in Arms in the is a Company wherein he is, or shall be enlisted, and in the fame Company shall diligently serve for the Space of Six Months then next following his enlisting and if such Free-man hath'not such Arms and Ammunition as is required by this Act, he shall be provided therewith by the Person‘with whom he lives of doth work for the time of his being so hired, and shall secure the Return thereof to the proper Owner, when foe ver thereunto required; but if any such Free-man shall break, spoil, or lose such Arms, so that he cannot make Re-delivery of them in as good Order and Condition as they were when he received them, then he shall rhake. Satisfaction for such Arms to the proper Owner thereof, either in Money or Goods; or else upon Complaint made to the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being of the Regiment to which the said Party belongs, the said Free-man shall be by him ordered to serve the Owner of such Arms until Satisfaction be made for the fame, according to the Discretion of the Colonel or Commander in Chief of that Regiment for the time being, who is hereby authorized and required to do the fame, by fending his or their Warrant oi* Warrants to cause the Party offending to appear before him or them; and upon hearing the Matter, shall (if he or they fee cause ) order him to make Satisfaction, as aforesaid : And if the Person so offending refuse to satisfy of serve according to the Order of the said Colonel or Commander in Chief, that he be committed to Goal by the said Colonel or Coriimander in Chief of the said Regiment for the time being, there to remain until he conform accordingly;

And to the intent such of His Majesty's good Subjects of this Island who Clause xxl, are willing and forward to serve in their own Persons, and to provide and fend such Number of Men with Arms and Ammunition, either to Horse or Foot Service, upon all Occasions, as by this Act is enjoyned theni, may not be discouraged by the unpunished Contempts of the Refractory, Stubborn, add Malicious, who wilfully and obstinately make Default, and will not appear themselves, as in this Act provided, nor fend Men in Arms according to the Proportion of Land whereof they are Possessots, obstinately refuhhg to yield Obedience to the Law, shall forfeit, for his first: Offence, Ten Shillings for Forfeiture of each Horse and Man complete in Arms he ought by this Act to appear on, or per*

fend into the Field for Exercising j and for his second Offence shall forfeit and pay Twenty Shillings; and for his third Offence shall forfeit and pay Thirty Shillings for each Omission, as aforesaid. And every Person that shall not appear or send to the Exercising of the Foot, shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence Five Shillings, and for the fecorid Ten Shillings, and totthe third Fifteen Shillings.

And for the better ascertaining who shall be deemed a refractory Person,wh^fh^ibe1' It is hereby ordained and enacted, That any Person that shall have Execution deemed a re. levied upon him for not appearing Of fending Horse or Foot, as by this Act is£"f*ory Per' appointed, complete in Arms, to the Exercise, and shall notwithstanding wilfully and obstinately, in Contempt of this Law, refuse to, and continue not to fend any, shall be deemed and taken for a refractory Person by this Act,

• and no other Person whatsoever, and shall for his first Offence forfeit and pay

Ten Shillings, for his second Offence Twenty Shillings, and for his third

Offence

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

160

Offence Thirty Shillings j and after the said third Offence the said Forfeiture to begin again, as for the first Offence, and so on to the Third, not exceeding the several Forfeitures aforesaid, to be imposed and levied for every such Offence as they shall happen severally, as aforesaid, until he do appear or fend his Proportion of Horse and Men complete in Arms, as by this Act is provid-, ed. And in like manner.such as are obliged to serve in or send to the Pool, as shall be Refractory, as aforesaid. Hi all pay for himself and each Person he is or ought to fend. Five Shillings for the first Offence, Ten Shillings for his second Offence, and Fifteen Shillings for his third Offence; and fp begin again, as from his first to the .third Offence severally, and not otherwise, until he doth appear or fend, as aforesaid. And the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being, of the respective Regiments, have hereby full Power and Authority to issue Execution, directed to the Marilial of the Regiment, to attach ‘ any of the Goods or Estate of the Person so contemptuously in Default, and the fame, to appraise, and further to proceed in all things as is in and by this Act appointed.

And whereas great Mischiefs will unavoidably happen, unlpfs some strict Course be taken for the punishing of Mutinies, which may be committed in the time of Service, and other Disorders, as Soldiers striking or , threatening Clause xxtii. their Officers, being a thing of dangerous Consequences j It is therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Soldier or Soldiers in time of Service, Exercise, or Duty whatsoever, shall presume to strike or threaten his Officer, shall begin, raise, abet, or countenance any Mutiny or Di-fturbance whatsoever amongst his Fellow-Soldiers, such Offender or Offenders forfeit and pay Twenty Pounds Sterling for such Offence, to be levied by e o uuny. Marshal of that Regiment in manner aforesaid, for the Use of His Majesty, to the Repairs of the Publick Fortifications j or, for Default of such Payment in Ten Weeks after the Offence committed, shall be moderately punished by the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being, under whose Command such Soldier or Soldiers are, by running the Gantlop, lying Neck and Heels, or riding the Wooden Horse, at the Discretion of the Colonel or Commander of the said Regiment for the time being.

And forasmuch as the Safety and Preservation of this Eland lieth very much in speedy giving forth and setting forward of an Alarum j and forasmuch as the Nature of the Forces that may come to invade this Place will in all likelihood be best and soonest known to the Honourable the President, or to His Majesty's Governor here, or Commander in Chief of this Island j and also forasmuch as that an Enemy may the better know how to take his Measures, if how many Ships shall give an Alarum should be established by an Act; The wh"t aau!be Honourable the President or Commander in Chief for the time being, is here-» Aiamm. by desired, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, from time to

time, to appoint how many Ships or Vessels shall give an Alarum to the Forts, and how many Ships or lefTer Vessels shall give an Alarum to the whole Eland, and also to appoint how the said Alarums shall be fot forward, either by firing Guns, Beat of Drums, discharging Three Muskets distinctly, ringing of Bells, blowing of Shells, fending of Messengers from one Neighbour to another, hanging out White Clothes from the Top-Fanes of Wind-mills by Day, and Lights by Night} and so from one Mill to another, until it hath passed the whole Island throughout, or by all these recited Particulars, or by as many of them, or any other, as the Honourable the President, or the Commander in Chief here for the time being, and Council, shall, from time to time, think fit and reasonable. And the President is humbly supplicated to place Guns upon LeJf/y’s HiU, Ramsay’s Hill, the Mount, Brigg'r Hill, and other convenient. Places, for the speedy carrying on of an Alarum j which Appointment for an Alarum, when agreed upon, the President, or the Commander in Chief, as aforesaid, is humbly desired to cause Publication thereof to be made

m

The LdWS of BARBADOES. 161

- r - ~ -----—1__________

in the several Parish-Churches of this Island, to the end the respective Inhabitants may know what is their Duty in that Particular j and after such Publication, if any Person shall fail of setting forward the Alarum, by the Signs to him appointed, according to his Capacity, with alL Diligence, he shall, for every such Offence, suffer Six Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize $ six Months

imprisonnunf

the lame to be inflicted by order or the Commander m Cfaier of this Island fonhepenbu and that on the Alarum given according to the Rules of the President or Com- fawirdan a-mander in Chief, and Council for the time appointed and ordained, if the 13111111 Alarum be to the Forts only, all Persons that are or shall be appointed in such cai'e for the Defence of the said Forts, are to repair immediately to their Colours, or to such other Place as the President or Commander in Chief for the time being shall direct; and if the Alarum be to the whole Island, all Persons, of what Degree or Quality soever, are to repair to their Colours, or Places of Meeting, that are or shall be by the President or Commander in Chief, and Council for the time being appointed; and till such Publication, as aforesaid, any and every Person may and shall, upon Sight of Seven Ships, give an Alarum to the Towns, and of Twelve Ships, or more, to the Country.

And whereas the Penalty aforesaid in this Act, provided upon Persons hot appearing in Ai ms upon Alarums, is not thought fumcient Punishment for such refractory Contemners of the Law and Enemies unto the Safety of this Island,

It is therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Man ^afe\^eXfot ( not excused by this Act ) who is personally in this Island, who is of the Age Non-appear-of Fifteen Years, shall appear in Arms at his Post, as by this Act is appointed rums!" a* and every Person wilfully foiling, as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every Foot-Man not appearing. Five Pounds Sterling, and so for every Four and twenty Hours the like Sum, till they are legally discharged , and for every Horse-Man Ten Pounds Sterling, in like manner, as aforesaid; the same to be levied by the Marflual belonging to the Colonel, by Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being, to whom the said Default doth belong, in the same manner as in case of Servants Wages by Law is appointed i and the said Forfeiture to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, to and for the Use of His Majesty for the Fortifications, reserving only out of the fame Ten per Cent, to the Marfllal: And that the Colonels or Commanders in Chief of each Pvegiment do, within One Month after each Alarum, give a true Tift of all the Executions they sighed for Defaults on all Alarums to the Treasurer of this Island, the better to enable, him to charge the several Marshals of the Regiments therewith, who is hereby required to pay the same into the TreafUry of this Island Within Ten Weeks after the Date of the foveral' Executions, as aforesaid. And further, that the said Defaulters be, by Order of the said Colonel or Commander In Chief for the time being, brought by a Guard to the Post where be or they ought' to appear, there to be employed as Pioneers, or otherwise, at the DiscretiOrt of the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being.

And for the greater Encouragement of all such Persons as are or shall be appointed Commimon-Officers, and are notwithstanding to find Horse and ArrhS in the several Troops of Horse in whose Division they dwell, and that they may the more cheerfully proceed in the great Credit: andr Trust reposed iri them. Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all every Commission-Officers now being in Commission, or which shall hereafter wWion.omcer be, shall, from and after Publication hereof, be excused of One Horse and aH^idMao. Man, of those which he is to fend, according to the Prescription of this Act, to serve in the Troop or Troops to which the said’ ChiiihiiffiomOfl&cer did or doth, or shall hereafter belong, during the time of his being iti Commission, as aforesaid j any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

An d it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Clausexxvifc $11 such Occasions the-Matters of such Servants or Free-men, who afe so Upon

X Service

l6 2

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

i-'rovisions to be lent down to L’erlons on Duty,

ChufXXVIII, Csmnvi inlets in Chief to picts Horses, Wains, CTc.

Clause XXIX. Encouragement of Servants behaving

Service for their Account, and are detained on the Guard all Night, shall forthwith fend down such Provisions, ready drest, as may be needful and sufficient for every such Soldier then upon Service $ in Default thereof, the Chief Officer there being shall supply the fame s and the Person so offending shall pay, for every such Default, Two Shillings and Six Pence Sterling, besides Charges for each Soldier, every Twenty four Hours the said Guards shall continue the same to be levied in manner and form as is before provided; and that the said Fines be paid to the hid Officer that had Command of that Guard, to reim-burle his present Expences, and the Overplus, if any be, by him distributed amongst the inferior Officers and Soldiers then and there in Service.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Approach of an Enemy it shall be lawful for the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being of every Regiment, to press Hortes, Cattle, Harness, and Drivers, for Draught of the Field-Guns, to such Places as Order Hull be then given for j and also Carts, Horses, and Cattle, for any other Service at such time requisite; and also to press Boats, and Negroes for Pioneers, and Victuals for Soldiers, in case of Necellity; for all which the respective Owners shall receive full Recompence out of the Publick Treasury of tin's 111 md.

And to the intent that due Encouragement may be given to all such Freemen and Servants as shall cheerfully and boldly oppose the common Enemy, Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every Serv. nt ^ that shall engage and manfully behave himself in Fight against the Enemy, and th mVdveTwSi produce a Certificate thereof from any Commission-Officer, shall be, and is m Battle. hereby declared a Free-man, and be absolutely held free from all future Service towards his Maher or Mistress from and immediately after his engaging againh the Enemy, as aforesaid; and whatsoever Negro shall so behave himself, and prove the fame by Oath of any credible Witness, shall receive yearly a Livery Coat, and an Hat from the Publick Treasury, and White Servants Allowance of Victuals from the Maher or Owner.

Servanto^Na- A n d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if in the Ser-gro killed, loft, vice aforesaid, any Servant or Negro shall happen to be killed, loh, maimed, be mide'good0 or disabled in the Defence of this Island, that the Loss and Damage of such is the owner. Negro or Servant shall be paid for to the Owner, and allowed out of the Publick Treasury of this Ihand: And if any poor Free-man or Serviant shall be maimed or disabled, shall receive from thence forthwith yearly out of the Publick Treasury, to maintain him during his Life or Abode in this Island, the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling. But if the Free-man so maimed or disabled, as aforesaid, be a married Man, then such Free-man shall, for the Maintenance of himself^ his Wife, and Children, receive out of the Publick Treasury of this Island, during his Life or Abode in this Island, Fifteen Pounds Sterling yearly. And if it shall happen that any Free-man that is a married Man, as aforesaid, shall lose his Life in the Service aforesaid, that then the Widow of such Free-man shall thenceforth, during her Widowhood, receive out of the Publick Treasury of this Island Ten Pounds Sterling yearly, for the Support of her self and her Children, if she have any.

Em^Hors*1" And in regard by good Experience it is well known, that many Negroes Negro mm5* anc* Slaves are worthy of great Trust and Confidence to be reposed in them, armed. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Inhabitants of this Island, enjoyned to find Horse or Horses for the Militia, shall ( for every Horse they are so enjoyned to fend) with each Horse-man, fend One able Man-Slave armed ( provided he hath a Man-Slave ) with a Bill and Lance, and apparelled with a Black.Hat and a Red Jacket upon every Alarum of Ships : And the Negroes appearing at the said Rendezvous by virtue of this Actj shall be enlisted, commanded, and directed for the Service'of this Court* try, by. that Officer that commands the rest of the Forces in that Division, of such as the President or Co.mmander ip. Chief shall impower to that. End and 8 Purpose

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

163

Purpose : Also that every Person possessed of Forty Acres of Land, shall fend One able Man-Slave $ and so proportionably to his full Quantity of Land, upon Service, upon Alarums of Shipping, armed as aforesaid, to be commanded at the Discretion and Appointment of the President or Commander in Chief who shall be conduced by some fit Persons, to be appointed by the Matters for that purpose, to such Places, and to be under such Discipiine and Command as the President, Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being shall, from time to time, direct 5 and such as shall offend contrary thereto, shall forfeit for each Slave he shall not fend upon that Service armed and apparelled, as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Shillings Sterling to His Majesty for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island.

And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person or Persons shall raile or spread any false Alarums, not having just taUe

Grounds or Warrant so to do, shall suffer, undergo, or pay such Penalties, a$AlruIU5 the President and Council, or the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, by and with the Consent of the major part of the whole Council resident in Barbadoes shall think fit to inflict or inipose j provided the said Penalty doth not exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds current Money $ which Fine, when so imposed, shall be to His Majesty, and paid into the Publick Treasury for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island.

And to the intent no Person shall have Wrong done, and be left without A»uperfo^Is^ Relief, ft is hereby appointed. That in all Cafes where any Person is supposed 8r>ev<g, tob£ to be an Offender against this Act in any Particular, that the Party shall and may conipiaiat°co apply himself to the Colonel or Commander in Chief for the time being of the Colonel-such Regiment, who hath and shall hereby have Power to hear all Complaints, and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to give Redress according to the Merits of the Cause, in Matters relating to the Execution of this Act, except where in this Act it is otherwise appointed.

Also it is hereby appointed. That all Men remaining in this Island, and are unfit to bear Arms in their own proper Persons, whether being superan- having but a nuated, or otherwise howsoever, and have no Land to fend any Soldiers j ifwh«for«id?te such Person be in Efteetn to have a Personal Estate of the Value of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, or an Estate in Negroes of the like Value, or more, to be estimated by the Colonel or Commander in Chiefs as aforesaid, shall find One Foot-Soldier; and if the said Person keepeth an Horse, shall find an Horse manned and completely armed, as is appointed by this Act, to serve at Exercise upon all Duty, and upon Alarums, upon the' like Penalty as is upon all other Occasions imposed by this Act for the like Offence.

And be it further enacted and ordained. That all Head Overseers of Plantations, to which belong the Number of more than Six Negro Men, shall and are hereby excused from being enlisted or made liable to serve upon any Occasion whatsoever, but are reserved to take care of the Family to which they do belong during such Service j any thing to the contrary notwithstanding, unless upon such Duty as is before expressed.

A n D in regard divers Persons have greater Numbers of Servants, Slaves, and Horses, than by this Act is required from them j and that such Persons may receive no Damage by fending such Supernumeraries to the Defence of this Island - Be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Lottes of Servants being freed by this Act, as Well of the Supernumeraries Servants loft In as of the Handing Militia, either in Servants, Negroes, Slaves, Horses, or Cattle.%.to be be allowed and paid for to the proper Owner out of the Publick Treasury of this Island.'

And it is further agreed and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That clause xxxvi, Thirty Pounds Sterling shall be deemed the Value of each Negro Man or ^ei$t.Ne‘ Slave that shall be loft in the Publick Service, as aforesaid 5 and that every Person that in that case shall be a Loser, shall, in Recompeilfe of every Negro

Xi Man

164

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Man or Slave he loseth, as aforesaid, receive the Sum of Thirty Pounds Sterling out of the Publick Treasury, as aforesaid and all such Sums as shall hereby arise due from the Publick Treasury, shall be charged by the President or Commander in Chief, by and with the Advice of the Council, on the Treasurer of this Island for the time being.

And whereas it hath been laudably used and accustomed in this Island, even from the first Settling of the Militia therein unto this Day, That all Commissioners of the Trained Bands therein have been of the Inhabitants thereof; and such who have been Persons of such Honourable Qualifications, and vifihle Estates, that they have not been in the least burdensome to the Inhabitants, by receiving Pay or other Gratuity, further than the Affections of the Soldiers, and Reputation of their Commands, as a Reward of that great Cate and Expence in Discharge of their Trust, which hath been, and is much to the Eaie and Contentment to the Inhabitants of this Place, which otherwise would be whonuUbeII very »rievous and burdensome unto them : Be it therefore enacted, ordained, capable of being and established by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall be afield-offi- hereafter held fit or capable to be a Field-Officer, or General Officer within this Island, except such Officer shall be known to have an Estate of One hundred Acres of Land of Inheritance or Free-hold at the least within the same, being thereby fit to bear the Charge and Expence thereof 5 and that no Person be admitted a Captain, unless he have an Inheritance or Free-hold of Forty Acres at the least j and that no Field-Officer or Commission-Officer whatsoever, shall expect, demand, or receive any Pay, Gratuity, or Reward, for or in Consideration of any Duty or Service by him or them done, or to be done, or for any Charge or Expences which any of them hath been, or shall be at but that every of them support and maintain himself in such Office and Command at his own Expence and Charge, without putting the Publick to the defraying any part thereof.

vroviso, Provided nevertheless, That such Gentlemen, whose Parents are Persons of considerable Estates in this Island, may be trusted in Command as Captain, Lieutenant, or Cornet of Horse, or Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign of Foot, each respective Parent of such Son in Commission shall be allowed or abated One Horse out of the Proportion lie or she is injoyned to fend for every Son so in Commission, he living with the Father or Mother, and serving at his or herCharge. Provifa Provided also, That this present Act be not construed to disable any Person now in Commission, or that hereafter shall be in Commission!, who are Gentlemen of considerable Estates in any Towns of this Island. cia.xxxviii. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several ny to^nStonee Troops and Companies of the respective Regiments of this Island shall meet ume°ofw"r ^ne Day in every Four Weeks in time of War, and one Day in every Eight and once in 2. Weeks in time of Peace, to be by their several Officers discipliiied, and no on<s«"time oftner, unless, upon some credible Advice or Intelligence of fbme intended Invasion upon this Island, it shall seem expedient to the President and Council, or Governor or Commander in chief for the time beingj. by and with the Advice of the Council, or the major part of them resident upon this Island, for their better Exercise and Discipline, to order the Troops and Companies to meet oftner.

Provif*. Provides nevertheless. That the President and Council, or Commander in Chief for the time being, may, for Expedition appoint or commahd any Company or Companies, Troop or Troops, or fuffitient part of the Militia, as may be needful to guard any Bay or Bays of this island, if any Vessel or Vessels, under the number appointed for an Alarum, which is by this Act already provided, shall land, or attempt to land in any of the said Bays, or appear before this Island, and upon just ground be deemed to be Enemies of the King, and there be good cauie of Suspicion of the fame j or for1 the Prevention of an intestine Commotion or Insurrection, and which is not by this Act already provided for. Provided,

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

165

Provided, That in neither of the Cafes aforesaid the said Companies, rroviso. Troops, or Forces do continue longer upon the Duty than Forty eight Hours, unless it be by and with the Advice and Consent of the major part of the whole Council, as aforesaid; or that the said Ship or Ships dilappear, and that the Danger of any such suspected Commotion or Insurrection be over.

Provided likewise, That for the Honour of the Commander in Chief for Proviso the time being, for which the Inhabitants of this Island have been, and are still very willing to provide for, may have a Company to attend him to Church, or a fumcient Guard at the time of the Grand Sessions, or for railing of such'convenient part of the Militia for the Honourable Reception of any Governor, when any such shall be appointed by His Majesty; and also by and with the Advice and Consent of the major part of the Council, as aforesaid, the same to be done upon any extraordinary and publick Occasion.

Provided also. That Horse Petrols do Duty as formerly every Saturday Night, Sunday, and Sunday Night, and other Holy-days, in such manner as hath hitherto been usual in this Island; all which being duly observed, will tend to the Liberty, Safeguard, and Quiet of the Inhabitants of this Place.

And be it further enacted, That no other Summons to appear in Anns for Exercise, or otherwise, besides what is in this Act expressea and appointed,

shall be deemed legal or lawful.

And whereas sundry entire Plantations within this Island may happen to lie in several Divisions, which of Necessity will occasion great Inconveniencies to the Inhabitants, in fending their People upon Alarums, or other Occasion of Service : For Remedy whereof Be it ordained and enacted by the Authority Erer^Person’ aforesaid, That in all such Cases, in what Division soever the Mansion-house to rerve in the of any Person shall stand, in that Division only shall he serve himself, and all heIw«?where the Men and Horses from him required by this Act, and in no other whatsoever; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And forasmuch as many Persons by this- Act appointed to bear Arms, are not Men of sufficient Estates to maintain themselves in Arms, Ammunition, anijl Provisions, should his Majesty's Service require their being any' length of Time in Arms; and that many landed Men have not Men sufficient to serve for them according to the Appointment of this present Act : To remedy both gjaure XL which Inconveniencies, It. is hereby enacted and ordained, That the Colonel iWons infujs-ot Commanders iti Chief of each respective* Regiment, and Captain of eachfo^l9mreiv<^c Company and Troop, do make diligent Inspection within the Limits of their to»4ed Men. respective Regiments, Companies, and Troops, and out of the said in sufficient Persons, proportionally billet and supply the landed Men within tfieir Regiments, Companies, and Troopsj which landed Men shall find Horfbs, Arms, Ammunition, Provision, and pay Seven Pence Half-peny per Day to each'Perron so serving - and in case of Refusal of such Payment, the respective Coldnel or Commander in Chief, or Captains of Companies or' Troops, are hereby authorized to levy upon the said landed Men Five Shillings" for i each Defau^r, for the time aforesaid, for the Support and Encouragement of the poor fprt, as aforesaid; one Half of the said Levy to be to the Marshal who Tnakes the fame, and the other Half to the Party grieved; and if any such Men femain when all the Land is manned, as aforesaid, a List of all fucjh persons to return unto the President and Council, or Commander ini Chief, to the end due vision may be made for them in time of Need. ’ , 1 / ‘ , V

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thait the Clauses in this Act concerning the Encouragement of Freeman, Servants, and a Clauses con-Negroes, be published in each Parish Church in this Island ujppn the First Suit* day in June, and every First Sunday in December; and such Minister that shall andkegroes,w neglect the fame, shall, for every time neglected, forfeit Fifty. Shillings, to beptr’^nnum'^ paid to the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes where fpch.Qmimo.n flyp) be made, to the Use of the Poor of that Parish.

AnB

i66

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Verfonjgrieved And forasmuch as great Complaints have been made of the Marflials of the the M»r i tespective Regiments, for taking greater Fines, and distraining for above twice

themselves^to

the Value of the Fines by this Act imposed for Defaults, than is allowed here-comnimdets* ky > for Restraint and Prevention of such Inconveniencies for the future. It is in chief. hereby provided and enabled. That if any of the Marflials aforesaid shall, in the distraining for any Fine whatsoever, as aforesaid, commit or do any Injury unto the Person upon \yhofe Goods he so distrained beyond the Power and Duty by this Act to him given and appointed, and shall not leave a Certificate Of the Goods distrained on, as herein before is declared, in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so or in any wise grieved contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to apply him or themselves to the Colonel or Commander in Chief of the Regiment to which the said Marshal belongeth; who is hereby impowered to redress the Person, if injured, by granting Execution against the said Marshal to the next Constable, for Reftitu-tion of what the Person complaining appears to be injured in, who is required to levy the same, as in the case of Servants Wages And it shall and may be lawful for the Colonel or Commander in Chief of such Regiment, and he is hereby required so to do (if the Marshal appeareth to be greatly in fault) to commit him to Gaol without Bail or Mainprize, there to remain for the Space of One Month, and be fined Five Pounds Sterling to His Majesty, to be paid to the Treasurer of this Island for the Use of the Fortifications. And it shall and may be lau’ful for such Persons so grieved, as aforesaid, to complain to the Colonel or Commander in Chief of the said Regiment; and if he gives no Redress, then the Person grieved, if he think fit, may commence his Action at the Common Law against the Marshal; whose Complaint being made out to be just and true, the Jury shall give treble Damages to the Plaintiff, and the Court double Cost; the said Action to be tried the first Court after Service thereof.

Provided always. The said grieved Person commenceth his Addon within Six Months after such Injury done him, as aforesaid. Provided also, That if the Plaintiff doth not make good his Action, the Judge of that Court, where-such Action is commenced, shall tax double Cost against the Plaintiff for his unjust Vescatio'n.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Two Field-io have 1 Field- Pieces well mounted and fixed, with all Necessaries, be forthwith provided pieces.; 'at the Publick Charge for each Regiment of Foot within this Island, to be placed at such convenient Post as each respective Colonel or Commander in Chief of the said Regiment shall appoint.

Arddes^w^r And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever 7i ur co be in "Articles of AVar or Military Laws shall be by the President and Council, or Enemy appear. Commander in Chief of this Island, made by and with the Advice and Consent of the major part of the General Council of War here, shall not commence or begin, until an Eqemy, sufficient to cause an Alarum to the whole Island, appear in Sight here; and shall discontinue and lose their Power, so soon as the Enemy shall be gone out of Sight of this Island.

!;Provided always, That the said Laws be duly published, and a Copy thereof hung up in every Court of Guard for publick View.

None ware's ' . A N d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Gun, finau or Person within this Island shall, after Eight a Clock at Night, fire any Gun, small ciSkatNishc or great, or permit or order any to be so fired within his House or Plantation, - Ban. for every such Offence,- forfeit ( except it. be in his own Defence, or Pre- fermion of his Goods, or in case of an Alarum) Two Shillings and Six Pence.

- But if it shall so happen that the Person be Insolvent, Servant, or Negro, then - and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the next Justice of the Peace, to bifid the Offender to the Quarter-Sessions, if r a Christian, or order him, if a Slave, stich corporal Punishment as he thinks the Offence deserves.

And

[Proviso.]

Provifa

Clause XLIII.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

167

And forasmuch as many Disorders are committed by Petrols, by reason that the Command of them is given often to loose and inconhderable Persons, occasioned chiefly by Refusal of such Gomtnand by the mote able and fobfer Persons : For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That cMufe XLvr. whatsoever Person (except as before excepted ) shall, from and after Publica- o?pecfo£ tion of this Act, refuse or neglect such Command, being thereunto required to 10’• by the Captain or Commander in Chief of each respective Troop, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Twenty Shillings, to be levied by the Marshal of the said Regiment; and the Commander of such Petrol is hereby impowered and required to make Returns of such Defaulters for Non-appearance to One of the Commission-Officers of the Troops and Companies to which such Petrols belong, that by the said Officer the said Returns may be made to the Colonel, that Execution may issue against the Delinquents in manner and form as foi; other Defaults for Non-appearance is in and by this Act prescribed and appointed.

And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That clause xLvu. if any Officer, or any other Person qualified by this Act to make Returns; shall, inKb^tair^Ke-contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, make any false or undue "*ov®s Returns wittingly and willingly, so that such Execution be levied, the Party at common fd aggrieved fit all have his Action at Common Law in the Court of the Precincts LaW' where such Officer that hath made such false Returns doth live or reside j which Action shall be entred in Thirty Days after such Execution levied, and shall be tried the first Court after such Entry made by a Juryand if the said Officer shall be found guilty by the Jury of having made such false Returns, then the said Jury for his making such a false Return, shall find him in Damages Five Pounds Sterling; and the Court shall award to the Plaintiff Three Pounds Sterling in Colt, and no more. But if the Plaintiff doth not make good his Action, so that the Returns appear to be legally made, then the Court shall tax treble Cost for the Officer or Person who made such Returns for his unjust Vexation 5 any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for that the Marshal upon an Execution signed against any Person by the Colonel or Commander in Chief of the Regiment, shall not be hindred from executing the said Execution against or upon any Person fb returned for the Defaults in the Militia, as by this Act appointed; and for that likewise the Party gfieVed may not have his Goods carried and driven away by the said Mailhal, It is therefore enacted and ordained. That the Party, whose Goods are so attached, shall apply himself in Ten Days after such Execution levied to on^tobein the the Colonel or Commander in Chief of the Regiment to which he belongs, cuAolytnBori<f who is hereby impowered and required to order the Goods .so attached fromteing given, the Party, to remain in the Delinquent’s own Possession 5 and the said Marshal is hereby required to yield all due Obedience to the fame; and the said Delinquent at the same time shall give a Bond to the said Marshal in double the Value of such Execution or Executions so levied, that he will bring the aforesaid Action within One Month at furthest after such Complaintand that if the Action so brought, or being brought, shall not be found for the Plaintiff^ fb that the Return of the Officer is adjudged lawful, then the Complainant shall in Five Days return the Goods so attached to the Marshal, or pay the Value they shall be appraised at; which if not complied with, then the said Marshal shall recover the whole Penalty in the said Bond against such Complainant, as aforesaid, by Action .at the Common Law without Appeal, and the Court is hereby impowered to tax Common Cost.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts or Clause Statutes heretofore made for or concerning the Militia of this Eland, be and of thewada are hereby declared to be absolutely void, null, and repealed, to all Intents KpsaJed' and Purposes whatsoever } any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pass'd the 3d Day of November, 1697.

Ati

168 The LAWSof BARBADOES.

-dn dEl for the better securing the Liberty of His Majestys i/xiy, '-nx. Subjects within this Island^ and preventing Jong Imprijbn-ment.

oblLt37* An Act hnpowering the Free-holders of the Parish of St. Peters All Saints, to meet and chuse a Vestry of Free-holders in the said Parish} &c.

obliet-438* dn d^ impowerhig the Free-holders of the Parish of St.

Lucy, to meet and chuse a Vestry of Free-holders in the said Parish, &c.

uSakd39' dn Act to declare and ascertain the Rights and Powers of the 18 M^'1699- General Assembly of this Island.

315° 440. An Act to settle Five hundred Pounds per Annum on his Excel-Expired. lency for his Habitation.

313° 441. An Act for Two thousand Pounds for his Excellency's Charges xpued. jy^ Voyage towards the better Support for the Government,

An Act concerning the General Sessions.

WHERE AS it hath been taken into Confederation the multiplied

313° 442.

Repealed all but the last CUufe, by an Act passed in

coluuff Gr nd Crimes and daily growing Evils that in all Parts of this Island are

Semen's, committed to the Provocation of the Wrath of God upon us, the Dishonour of His Majesty, and Contempt to His Government: and to the intent a speedy and due Administration and Execution of Justice on all Offenders may at all times take off that Countenance and Encouragement, which the Delay of their just and deserved Punishments may seem to give to their ftnful and wicked Practices, both against God, their King, and Law's; It is ordained and OnSlnsix enacted by his Excellency Ralph Grey, Esqj Captain General and Commander Months succes- in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Members hdku court of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this island, and by SessionLeral ^ie Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof^ once in 10ns> Six Months successively, *viz. upon the Second Tuesday in every Month of December, and upon the Second. Tuefdat in every Month of June successively, shall be held a General Sessions, or Assize of the Peace or Goal Delivery, by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, the Honourable His Majesty's Council, the judges and Justices of the Peace.

But if the Governor or Commander in Chief, and the Honourable the Members of the Council, by reason of their other great and weighty Affairs, Governor and shall not think fit to fit, or give their continual Attendance at the said Sessions, c°in'tiiud tePifor General Goal Delivery Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Au-they cannot At thority aforesaid, That the Governor or'Commander in Chief for the time be-

themselves. fog,

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 169

ing, by and with the Advice and Consent and Approbation of the Council, hath hereby full Power and Authority to issue a Commission under his Hand and Seal, to authorize, impower, and appoint some able, discreet, and learned Person in the Law, to lit and act as Chief Judge, or Chair-man, and to hold the said Sessions of the Peace, and to be assisted by all the Judges and Justices; by Virtue of which Commission they, and every one of them, are required personally to attend at such convenient Place for the holding of the fame, as the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, by and with the Ad-vice and Consent of the Council, shall think fit and convenient.

And for the more regular holding the said Sessions, the Governor or Com- cmrejm mander in Chief, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, shall directed to all give Notice to all and every the Inhabitants, by his Precept or Writ directed to theill!3ablu,lls* some one Member of the Council residing in every Parish but if it happen that no Counsellor dwell therein, then to some one Justice of the Peace in every Parish, to be published in the several Parish-Churches within this Island Three several Sunday before the holding of the fame; which said Counsellor or Justice of the Peace shall therein be required, in His Majesty's Name, to appoint, nominate, and summon Six of the1 most able and fubfiariti.il Freeholders of the said Parish, being such as are not of the Assembly, or immediately in Commission. as Field-Officers, at the Time and Place nominated and published when and where it is to be holden, to repair to the said Sessions, and there give their Attendance to do such Services in His Majesty's behalf, as shall be then and there required of them, and thehce riot to depart till they be discharged by the said Court.

A nd to the intent His Majesty's Honour may be held in all due Reverence^ his Peace the better preserved, the Matters of the Crown timely and duly fitted and dispatched, and the Laws receive an effectual Execution on all Delinquents \ It is ordained and eiia&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That the feve- clause iv. ral Justices of the Peace, Coroners, and other Officers, before whom any Mat-: ^I^rcses’3^0*o ters of l.ife and Death shall come, or Recognizance's, Inquests, Depofirioris, fend a’uft of Examinations, or other Writings relating to the Sessions, be made or taken, fjTheatrk of that they shall fend the fame, together with a List certified of the Six Free-theCl'own-holders by them appointed to attend the said Sefficins, to the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, at his Office in that behalf appointed, at leaf! Six Days be ore the said Sessions, under Penalty of forfeiting Five Pounds Sterling to the Use of His Majesty, upon Conviction by the Oath of the said Clerk of the Crown before the Governor or Commander in Chief for thd time being, and the Offemler herein to stand committed by Warrant of the Governor or Commander in Chiefj till he pay the same unto the Treasurer for the time being, to detray the Publick Charge of the Sessions : Provided the said Offender can shew no just Cause for his Neglect.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,- That whosoever ofp0^'t^er£v^c His Majesty's Justices, Coroners, and other Officers, or other Persons summon- Non-appear-ed as Jury-men, or which, ought to give their Attendance at the said Sessions,cSSmoneL shall fail in their Attendance according to their several Duties, or neglect to appear being called, or depart from the said Sessions during the Sitting of the fame, without Leave for his so doing, shall be fined Five Pounds Sterling, to the Use of His Majesty, for and towards defraying the Publick Charges of the Sessions, and stand committed till he pay the same.

Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all Proceedings, Judg-ProViw‘ ments and Executions in Criminal Matters, commonly called Pleas of the Crown, shall be had according as by His Majesty's Laws and Statutes of the Kingdom of England, and of this Island, is ordained and appointed. In all which Matters before in this Act. mentioned and contained, every Justice of the Peace shall have a free Vote, beginning from the last Justice named in the Commission of the Peace, and 10 onward to the first j and that according to the

Y Custom

170

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Custom and Usage of the Kingdom of England, the incident Charges of the Sessions, as to the Entertainment of the Court and Jurors, be born and satisfied out of the Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, no one exceeding the Sum of Ten Pound.', and other Profits thereby accruing, as far as they will extend; and also any Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds Sterling, for the holding the next immediate Sessions; and then afterward One hundred Pounds Sterling for the holding every other Sessions, according as is appointed by an Act, Intituled, An Act for the better securing the Liberty of His Afajefiy’s ShIj-jefis within this Island, and preventing long hnprisonments, bearing Date the Third Day of November, One thousand six hundred ninety and l’even.

And to the end the said Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments may be clause VI. duly levied and paid. Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid,

and other Officers of the

Officers to give v

anAccountof That the Provost Marshal and Clerk of the Crown5

a*Ywr.es °nce said Court, and of every Court, do once every Year, or oftner, if thereunto required, give an Account of all Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, and other Profits which come to their Hands, or happen in their Courts, to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being; a Copy whereof Hull be transmitted by the said Officer or Officers to the Assembly then in being; and if no Assembly, then to him that was lall Speaker of the Assembly, who is hereby required to deliver the same to the Speaker of the next Assembly, to the end that the Committee of Accounts may be inabled to charge the Treasurer for the fame; and upon his accounting with them, they the said Committee have hereby given them full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to discharge the Treasurer for the same.

Repeai^of Two A n d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, inti-

former Acts to tuled. An Act concerning the General Sessions, being one of the collected Laws;

ihispurpose. ancj an bearing Date the Sixth Day of November, One thousand six hundred eighty and four, intituled, An Act for holding a Court of Grand Seffwm, Oyer and Terminer, General Goal Delivery, and Commission of the Peace in this Island; and all and every the Branches, Clauses, Penalties, and Provisoes in the said Acts, and each of them contained, are hereby declared to be repealed, and shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 5 any thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained, seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pass'd the yth Day of September, 16p8.

red443’ to revive and continue an Act, Intituled, An Act for

Expirc' laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Liquors

imported this Island.

IB* 444* An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Li-Expired. quors imported this Island,

eSkl45' Afupplemental A3 for the Provision of Servants.

iB°44& A declarative A3 to an Act} intituled> A supplemental Act Expired. for the Provisions of Servants.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

171

An Act to repeal a Clause hi an Act, intituled, An Act to af- ji3° 447. certain the Duty of Matters of Ships and Merchants for the?/^™!. Payment of an Impost of Powder on the Tunnage and a Supplemental Clause to the said Act.

cc

WHER H A S in and by a certain Act of this Island, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of func, One thousand six hundred ninety and seven, intituled, An Act to nfcertain the Duty of M afters of Ships and Merchants for the Payment of an Impost of Powder on the Tunnage, amongst other things it is enabled es followeth, tnz. " And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority tc aforesaid, That all Ships and Vessels liable to the Payment of the Duty by tc this Act imposed, shall be reported upon Oath, or gauged by the Length cc of the Keel taken within Board (so much as file treads upon the Ground) and the Breadth to be taken within Board by the Midflxip-beam from Plank to Plank $ and the Depth of the Hold from below the Kelsey, to the under-tc part of the Deck Plank and for a Two Deckt Ship (which carrieth Goods between Decks) the Depth of her Hold from the Plank below the Kelsey, ec to the under part of the upper Deck Plank, and the Length and Breadth cc as before j then multiply the Length by the Breadth, and the Product there-<e of by the Depth, and divide the whole by Ninety four, and the Quotient iC will give the true Contents of the Tunnage, according to which Method cc and Rule all Vessels shall be measured, and the Duty computed and tc paid accordingly; any Custom, Usage, or Practice to the contrary not-<c withstanding. By which way of Measuring it appeareth, that the fame amounteth to more in Tunnage than the Ships or lesser Vessels are really of: To the end therefore that for the future an equaller and exacter Method may herein be had and used. Be it enacted and ordained by his Excellency the Honourable Ralph Grey Esq; Captain General and Chief Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Aflem-bly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the afore recited Clause, and every Part thereof, be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and shall be null and void, as if the fame had never been, or inserted in the aforesaid Act j and that from henceforward all Vessels, that are liable to Payment of the Duty by the said Act imposed, shall be reported upon Oath according to the Measure to be taken in manner following, that is to say. All such Vessels that have but One Deck, to be measured the Length by the Keel taken within Board, and Breadth by the Midship-beani; and the Depth of the Hold from the Kelsey, to the under part of the Midship-beam; and the like for all Two Deckt Vessels, with one Half of the Depth between Decks from Plank to Plank* and the Length and, Breadth multiplied together, and the Product by the Depth, then divide the whole by Ninety five, and the Quotient will give the true Contents of the Tunnage; any thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pass'd the 6th Day of April, 1699.

A supplemental AB for the further Provision of White Ser* 3ft0 448. %)ants. *iKi-

¥ 2 An

172

The LAWSof BARBADOES.

315° 449- An explanatory and additional AS to an Act, intituled, A sup-Expired. plemental A<St for the farther Provision for White Servants, bearing Date the 18/A Day of May, 1699.

315° 45°*

Expired.

A further supplemental AB to an Act, bearing Date the 18th Day of May, 1699. intituled, A supplemental Act for the further Provision of White Servants.

313° 451. An Act for the Payment of Two thousand Pounds, current Mo-Expired' ney of this Island, to his Excellency Ralph Grey, Ejq;

J15° 452- An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Li-xp,rc ‘ quors imported this Island.

obliett53* to secure Honourable Thomas Sadlier Ejq; late

Treasurer of the Island of Barbadoes, such Debts as he hath made good to the Publish.

conErmed4- for equal placing out and disposing of such Servants

9 >0, 1701. as are now belonging to the Country undisposed of.

WHEREAS several Christian Servants, lately brought to this Island upon the Encouragement of an Act dated the Twentieth of June, 1696. and put upon the Publick Treasurer and the Country’s Account, are yet unplaced; Be it enacted by his Excellency the Honourable Ralph Grey, His Majesty's Captain General and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guar deloupe, the Honourable the Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the respective Churchwardens of the several Parishes of this Island shall be, and are hereby required to be and attend at their respective Parish-Churches on the next xburfday and Friday after the Publication of this Act j and shall then and there receive and take such Entries of Land and Persons then serving for the fame in the Militia of this Island, as shall be tendred unto them by any of the Inhabitants of this Island, upon Oath to be administred to them by the said Churchwardens, who are Empowered and required to administer the same in such manner and form as is directed and appointed them in and by Two Acts of the Eighteenth of May, and Second of August last; who shall then enter the fame in their respective Parish-Books, and shall also return such Entries within Four Days after the said next Thursday and Friday to the Collectors and Secretary in manner- as is - appointed by the said Two Acts, together with the Names of all the Possessors of Land within their re-speQjive Parishes, who have.eot yet made a due Entry thereof; as also.of such former Entries of lLand as have been made with them, and not yet returned, if any such there be j and if any of the Owners or PoflelTors of such. Land or Houses, who have not yet given in their Lands and Houses, and Men serving for it or them, according to the Laws; in that case lately made and appointed, and shall not give in the lame to the said Churchwardens on Oath in manner

aforesaid,

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

173

aforesaid, on or before the said Thursday and Friday next after the Publication of this Act, that then it shall be taken fro confesso, that such Person or Persons are deficient in their whole Number of Men to serve in the Militia, and shall have forthwith placed upon them so many of the said Servants as their Land by the Act of Militia requires, according as the Entry thereof hood in the Church-Books on the Twenty fifth Day of March last pall, or as their Houses required by the said Laws; such Servants to be placed upon them, and paid for by them in the same manner as was directed and appointed in and by the said A (St of the Twentieth of June, One thousand six hundred ninety fix.

Provided nevertheless, That if such Owner or Posseflor of Land as doth not, on or before the fiud Fhurfday and Friday next after Publication hereof, mal<e due Entry of their Land, as aforesaid, yet if they shall then take the following Oath, which the Church-wardens are required and impowered to administer in these Words,

I A.B. do Swear, That due Notice was given unto

Surveyor, to come and survey Lands in my Possession in the Parish of within the Six Days mentioned in and according to the Act made the Second of August last past for that purpose and that the said Surveyor, without any Let or Hindrance of mine, hath not as yet rendred me any Survey or Plat of my said Land, for want whereof I do not know what the Quantity of my said Land is; hut I will use all diligent Means to know the fame within One Month and when I do know it,

I will then make due Entry thereof in the said Parish-Books. And I do further swear that the Lift now given in by me, is d true Lift of the Names of the Men that now do, and are to . serve for me in the Militia:

So help me God, &c.

That then and in such case such Owner or Possessor of Lands shall not be deemed deficient in his whole Number of Men, but only in so many as he shall really and truly want for the Land he had entred in the Church-Books on the said Twenty fifth of March. One thousand six hundred ninety nine. And the said Churchwardens are required to certify the Names of such Persons who shall take the said Oath at the Foot of the Lifts they are to give in to the Colonels and Secretary, as aforesaid. And whatever Churchwarden shall neglect or refuse to do his Duty required by this Act, such Churchwarden shall incur the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money to His Majesty and His Successors, and the Party shall not be taken as a wilful Offender against this Act j the one Half for the Use of the Parish whereof he is Churchwarden, the other Half to the Informer, to be recovered upon Proof and Conviction before the Two next Justices of the Peace in such Parish, One whereof to be of the Riorum, to be levied as in case of Servants Wages.

And that the respective Surveyors of Land, named and appointed as such. in the said Act of the Second of August last past, for Purveying the Lands of each Parish, may be held to their Duty herein. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors, required by the said Law, shall not complete his or their Survey of such Land, and render a true Plat

thereof

174

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

thereof under his or their Hand (his Fees being paid or tendred him according to the said Act of the Eighteenth of May Jaii) unto such Person and Persons as have duly applied themselves to such Surveyor within the time, and after the manner directed in the said Act of the Second of Aitguft la ft, at or before the said Thursday and Friday next after the Publication of this Act, that then every such Surveyor so offending, upon Proof made before any Two [u-ftices of the Peace, shall be committed to close Prison for the Space of Six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and be also further liable to the Penalties they are subject to by the said Act of the Eighteenth of I May last, for the Nonperformance of their Duty thereby required, unless such Surveyor or Surveyors can shew sufficient Cause for such his or their Non-performance through Sickness, or otherwise, as to the said Justices shall seem reasonable.

And that such Persons who have complied with the Laws, and have provided the Number of Men required of them to serve in the Militia, or that have already had Servants placed upon them by virtue of any of the said Acts, may not be discouraged or disadvantaged by such their due and ready Conformity with the Law's, whilst the stubborn Contemners and Neglecters of the Publick Laws and Welfare fare better; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Servants now unplaced, shall be, according to this Act, put and imposed upon such who have not in due time entred their Lands as the Laws do and did appoint.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said Servants are placed out, as aforesaid, upon Delinquents, or otherwise disposed of, no Person shall be allow'ed of as a Tenant to serve in the Militia for his Landlord, if such Person be worth in Real and Personal Estate together One hundred Pounds current Money, or more, in which Cafe such Tenant may clear himself by his own Oath, to be administred according to the Act dated the Twenty ninth of ATovember, One thousand six hundred ninety eight, intituled, A Supplemental 24 ft for the Provision of Servantsand that no Person Biall be held capable to serve in the Militia for another, unless such Person be duly qualified to serve so, according to the Militia Act, and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the Twenty ninth of November, One thousand six hundred ninety eight.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after, the Vacancies are filled up, as aforesaid, there shall remain any of the said Servants still undisposed of, that then and in such case (upon his Excellency’s Warrant to the Treasurer of this Island for so doing) it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer to sell and dispose of such Overplus and Supernumerary Servants for the Publick Account within One and twenty Days after Publication of this Act, unto any Person or Persons that will buy and give most for them, the same to be applied to the Payment of the Importers of the said Servants, and to no other TJfe whatsoever j any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted, That the Persons, upon whom the said Servants have been so placed, shall fend down to the present Treasurer, on his Demand, all the Servants as have been placed upon them by the late Treasurer, pursuant to the said Vote, as aforesaid, upon the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Servant they shall not so fend down that have been so placed on them; and if it shall happen that any of the said Servants shall be run away or dead since their being so placed, and due Proof thereof made by the Oath of the Party on whom they were so placed, or other sufficient Testimony before the said Treasurer, who is hereby impowered and required to administeran Oath to that purpose, that then and in such case the Persons shall be held excused for not returning such dead or runaway Servants.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall presume to harbour or conceal any of the said Servants so runaway, and not bring them down within Ten Days after Publication here-8 of.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

175

of, and deliver them to the said present Treasurer, he shall forfeit to His Majesty and His Successors the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money for each such Servant; the one Half whereof to be applied to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and the other to the Use and Benefit of such Person as shall inform and sue for the fame before the Two next Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

A hd it is further enacted, That whatever Person shall be charged for Breach of his Duty by this Act, and is liable to a Penalty, such Person shall be prosecuted for the fame within Three Months after Publication hereof, and not afterwards, except Concealers or Detainers of the Country’s Servants, as aforesaid : And where any Oath is to be taken by this Act, a Quaker’s Affirmation, according to Law and Purport of the Oath, shall be taken and allowed instead thereof.

And be it further enacted, That the respective Churchwardens shall, within the time limited in this Act, return the Lifts required of them by this Act to the respective Colonels, as followeth, njiz. the Churchwardens of St. Mi-chaeVs, to the Honourable Lieutenant General John Farmer Esq>- Colonel William Wheeler, and Colonel John Lejlie; the Churchwardens of St. George’s, to the Lieutenant General Colonel Frere, Colonel Ramsay, Colonel Andrews,

Colonel Wheeler, and Colonel Lejlie; the Churchwardens of Christ Church, to Colonel Frere, Colonel Wheeler, and Colonel Lejlie. '; the Churchwarden's of St. Philip’s, to Colonel Frere, Colonel Ram Jay, and Colonel Lejlie-, the Churchwardens of St. John’s, Colonel Andrews, Colonel Ramsay, and Colonel Lejlie, the Churchwardens of St. Joseph’s, the Lieutenant General and Colonel Andrew f the Churchwardens of St. Andrew’s, the Lieutenant General and Colonel Andrews > the Churchwardens of St. 'Thoma's’s, the Lieutenant General Colonel Andrews, Colonel Wheeler, and Colonel Alleyne j the Churchwardens of St. James’s, the Lieutenant General Colonel Andrews, Colonel Alleyne, and Colonel Cleland > the Churchwardens of St. Peter’s, the Lieutenant General Colonel Andrews, and Colonel Cleland j the Churchwardens of St. Lucy's, the Lieutenant General Colonel Andrews, and Colonel Cleland.

Tass’d the zyth Day of February, 1699*

An Act for ratling a Levy to dischdtge the Publick Debts of this JI3° 455. If and ' > ' Obsolete-

An Act to secure the peaceable Fojfession of Negroes and other 6

Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and r«pJLi' punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them. 1

A Supplemental AB to an Act Intituled, An Act for raising ' 457.

a Levy to discharge the Publick Debts of this Island. Expired-

An Act for RemiJJton of Fines of the late Grand Sessions. ^°]458*

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong m 459; Liquors imported this Island. v , ExPlred-

8

An

176 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

chibkte^6°‘ An for Payment of Two thousand Pounds Sterling to his Excellency the Honourable Ralph Grey.

E^ei6l" -^n *° cont ’mue an Act, IntituledAil Act to secure the

peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them.

E^red4*52’ for ratfpS a Levy to defray the Charges of repairing

"pir ‘ the Fortifications.

E^lrtdf63' A Supplemental A81 to an Act, Intituled, An Act to continue an Act, Intituled, An Act to secure the peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them, hearing Date the 22d Day of January, 1700.

Expired4^4' Supplemental and Explanatory AB to an Act, bearing Date the noth Day of February, 1696. Intituled, An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers to clear the Trenches, and repair the Breast* works and Fortifications of this Island.

.^465. An Act to revive and continue an Act, Intituled, An Act to "xpir ‘ secure idle peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and pu-the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them.

Sd66' A Supplemental AB to an Act of Militia.

An Act to raise and provide a Strength of Labourers to clear the Trenches, and repair the Breaf-works and Fortifications of this Island.

468. An Act the for Encouragement of Artificers to labour on the Fortifications of this Island.

An Act for the Payment of the Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling to his Excellency Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of Warke, &c.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

177

An Act to prevent Ftee-men, White Servants, Negroes, andj&fy'*, other Slaves, running from this if and in Shallops, Boats, and other Vessels.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Li- 3130 ,;u cjuors imported to this Island. Expired-

An Act for the Encouragement of White Servants, and to af- 313° 47.^ certain their Allowance of Provisions and Clothes. Expircd'

An Act for the collecting of several Sums of Money and Ar- 3130 rears due to the Publick of this Island. Exp'rci

An Act to ratify, approve, and confirm fetters Pate7it, Gifts, 3/30 4?4 Grants, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, and all other Injtrii- ?/^e7doa.

ments of Writing relating to the Tythes of the everal Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Tenements, Slaves, and other Hereditaments within this Island.

An Act to encourage Privateers in case of a War, 313° 475.

Repealed

- i6 June, 170G,

An Act to revive and continue an Act to secure the peaceable 3130475. Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants o/Expircd' this If and, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and Illegal Detinue of them.

An Act to encourage the Inhabitants of this If and to become ji2° 477. Owners of Vessels. , Expieit

An Act to revive and continue an Act, Intituled, An Act to JI3° 478. prohibit and hinder the Inhabitants of this Island toExpuei imploy their Negroes and other Slaves in Buying and Selling.

An Act to raise and provide a further Strength of Labour- 313° 479-ers to clear the Trenches, and repair the Breast-worksObfolete-and Fortifications of this If and Dated 23 January,

1701-2.

Z

An

178

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

313'° 480. Obl'olete.

30°. 481.

Expired.

313° 482.

Repealed 16 June-, 1706,

312° 483. Expired.]

30° 484*

©bfolete.

313° 485*

Expired.

313° 486.

Obfolece.

313° 487.

Expired.;

313° 48 8.

Expired.

102 489.

An Act to raise and provide a further Strength of Labourers to clear the Trenches, and repair the Breafi-works and Fortifications of this Island. Dated to March. 1701-2.

An Act to raise a Levy for repairing the Fortifications and j Breajl-works.

An Act for the fitting out of Ships or Vejjets of War.

An Act that all Ferfonsy both Civil and Military, in Office, Authority, and Government, at the Demise of the late King, shall continue until further Orders, and Settlement ! by a Governor3 or Her Majesty's Pleasure be further known.

An Act for Remittance of the Duty of Frize Liquors. '

An Act for purchasing a Vessel of War, and fitting her outy and Maintenance of Prisoners.

A supplemental AB to an ABy intituled, An Act for purcha-sing a Vessel of War, and fitting her out, and Maintenance of Prisoners as also a Supplemental AB to an Act, intituled, An Act for the fitting out of Ships or Vessels of War.

An Act for laying an Im on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this Island.

An Act for the present Accommodation of Her Majestys Forces arrived in the Ships of War under the Command of Commodore Hovenden Walker.

An Act for the further Accommodation of Her Majestfs Forces.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 179

An Act for raising a Levy to discharge the Publick Debts of^f90' this Island.

An Act to settle Five hundred Pounds per Annum on his Px~^°l(f91' csUency Sir Bevill Granville, Knight, Her Majestys Governor and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee tjlands, &c.

An Act to remit the forfeitures or Penalties of divers Acts of§a<£9Z' this Island, laying Taxes on the Inhabitants thereof.

An Act for the Encouragement of White Servants3 and to afeer- c^ri4d3‘ tain their Allowance of Provisions and Clothes. 16 1705-

WHERfeAS {lime Discouragements have been upon Servants, for that such as come hither do generally covenant to be provided for, according to the Custom of the Country, and the Act ascertaining such Custom being expired, and many Mailers having dealt witii them, according to their Wills and Pleasures : Be it therefore enacted and declared by his. Excellency Sir BeviUGran'viffe:> Knight, Her Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee lllands, Crc. the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That six Pounds of good wholesome and found Flesh or Fish per Week, with sufficient Ground Provisions or other Bread-kind $ Four Shirts, Three Pair of Drawers,

Two Jackets of Ozenbriggs or Blue Linen, One Hat, and Four Pair of Shoes per Annum j the Shirts and Shoes to be given Quarterly, the Breeches every Four Months j which for every Servant mall be taken and held to be the Cu-ftom of the Country for the future Allowance of Provisions and Clothes; and whosoever shall not make such Allowance aforesaid, shall, for every particular Neglect and Refusal of the Mailer or the Mistress ( Attorneys, Managers, or Overseers ) of such Servant or Servants, proved before any Two of the Neighbouring Justices of the Peace, One whereof to be of the Quorum, before whom the Complaint thereof shall be made, by such Justices be compelled to give to such Servant or Servants complaining as aforesaid, the Allowance or Allowances by him so neglected and detained from his Servant or Servants, or the Value thereof, and Ten Shillings to the Poor of the Parish wherein he lives, to be adjudged by the Justices of the Peace, and levied as in case of Servants Wages; and for the second Offence the Allowance or Allowances afore-lhid, and the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the like Uses, and to be recovered in like manner; and such Forfeiture, when received, shall be paid in to the Church-warden of such Parish, by him to be distributed amongst the Poor aforesaid; and for every Offence of the like kind afterwards, to be proved in manner as abovesaid, the Allowance or Allowances, or the Value thereof, to the Servant or Servants, in manner as beforesaid, and the Offender or Offenders shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be applied to the like TJfe, and recovered, as aforesaid : But if such Servant or Servants so complaining, doth not prove such his Complaint to be true, the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to order the Servant to be punished with Ten Lafiies on his bare Back, to be performed by the Constable or some other White Per-

Z 2 son

i8o The LAWS of BARBADOES.

son by the said Justices to be commanded and appointed, for such his vexatious Complaint the hrft time; and if he shall continue to be vexatious in his Complaints, then Twenty Lathes for every time afterwards.

And whereas there have been many Complaints against the severe Usage of Christian Servants by their Matters, MiilretTes, and Overseers, to the Dil-honour and Difreputation of this Island, which have been highly aggravated against the Inhabitants of this Place $ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Christian Servant that hath any just Cause of Complaint against his Matter, Mistress, or Overseer, of severe or harth Usage, may complain to Two of the next or neighbouring Justices of the Peace, who mail, on due Proof of such Offence, bind over such Master, Mistress, or Overseer, to the next Quarter-Sessions, there to be proceeded against according to Law: And if before such Justices it shall appear that such Servant or Servants hath or have been severely or inhumanly uled, and that immoderate Correction hath been infliCed on him or them, then the said Justices of the Quarter-Sed rns are hereby authorized and required to enquire into the Behaviour cl fuca Matter, Mistress, or Overseer and if it shall to them appear that such San a or Servants have been severely corrected, or inhumanly used for final] Oi'k.i*nv, that then such Justices shall and may, and are hereby fully authorized, i:a-powered, and required'(if to them in their Discretion it shall them nu ..t) to order and adjudge that such Servant or Servants be free, or discharged ftom any further Service whatsoever, or otherwise to lay a Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, on such Offender or Offenders so complained o! and convicted, as the said Justices thall think fit, and according to the Natu:e of such Offence $ and one Half of such Fine shall be paid to the Church-warden of such Parish where the Offender lives, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, and the other Half to the injured Servant, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages.

Provided always, That if upon the Hearing of such Matter before the said Justices of the Quarter-Sessions, it shall appear that such Punishment or Ccr-rection hath been infliCed by the Overseer wilfully, or without Consent or Direction of the said Master or Mistress, and such Overseer be fined by the said Justices, then thall not the said Servant be set free, but the Fine imposed on the said Overseer so offending, shall be paid to the Servant j any thing herein .before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And for that many times Servants are very Impudent, Saucy, and Provoking to Matters or Mistresses of Families, or their Overseers, and committing many irregular Crimes, Abuses, and Misbehaviours j if therefore such Master or Mistress, or Overseer, fee it not reasonable, or think it not convenient to correct or order such Punishment as may be fitting for such Servants so misbehaving themselves, they at e hereby at Liberty to make their Complaint to the next or neighbouring Justice of the Peace, who is hereby ordered and required to inflict such corporal Punishment as he thall judge the Crime to deserve, not exceeding Ten Lathes on his bare Back,- to be given by the Constable or any other White Person, as the Justice thill think fit, to such Servant or Servants.

And whereas in and by a certain AC of this Island bearing Date the Twentieth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety fix, Intituled, Act to encourage the bringing in of Christian Servants tdthii Island, amongst other things it is therein enacted, tc That whatsoever Servants " flaould hereafter come to this Island and serve their Time by Indenture, or " otherwise, should receive One Pound Five Shillings per Annum, and no

more, provided that no other Wages were contracted fort: which Act is since expired; nevertheless to avoid all Doubts or Scruples that may.arise upon such Clause by the Expiration of such Act, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Servant or Servants that were imported upon the Encouragement of the said Act, and whilflt the fame was in Force, who have

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 181

have served, or shall serve their Time by Indenture, or otherwise, according to the true In ent and Meaning of such Law, shall receive the Sum of Five and twenty Suillings per Annum, but no more* notwithstanding such Act is expiredi

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice of the Peace shall neglect or refuse to do his Duty by this Act required, he shall forfeit an 1 pay the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, one Half to the Party injured, the other Half to the Use of the Fortifications, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record in this Island.

Pass'd the ift Day of December, 1703.

An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Li- JI3° 494. quors imported this Island, Expired.

An Act for the Alteration of a Clause in the Excise. e£495*

An Act for raising a Levy to defray the Publick Debts of this j®o 496. Island\ Expited-

An Act to f&cure the Payinent of the Annual Rent of certain jro 497. Lands and Buildings hired at the Charge of the Publick.

Confirmed 16 y«Hf,;1705.

WHEREAS the House or Tenerhent that belongeth to Thomas Pit-grim, situate in the Parish of St. Michael, near the Bridge-Towny with the Land thereto belonging, hath been approved of as a convenient Place for his Excellency’s Residence or Habitation; and to the end that the Rent for the fame may be well and sufficiently secured to be paid out of the Publick: Treasury of this Island by the Treasurer for the time being, as also that a Lease may be executed for the Term already, agreed upon, and as well the Leafor as the Leased be obliged . reciprocally to perform the Covenants therein contained; be it enacted by his Excellency Sir Be’vill Granville, Knight, Her Majesty's Captain' General and Governor in Chief over,this and other the Cha-vibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That Charles Thomas, Esq; now Publick Treasurer of this Island* shall be-and is hereby fully impoWered and required, on the part and behalf of the Country* to take and accept a Lease of the Lands and Premisses aforesaid, from John Pilgrim, Esq* Attorney to the said Tho?nas Pilgrim, fot the Term of otte and twenty Years, to commence from the time that the said Lands and Premisses Were taken, by the Cofiferit and Direction of the Honourable the Members of the Council, as a Dwelling-place for his said Excellency, and that the Annual Rent thereof is and shall be the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds current Money of this Island, to be paid yearly out of the Publick Treasury of thisTstand and the said Charles Thomas Treasurer, as aforesaid, or the Treasurer for the time being, shall and may, from time to time, retain and keep in His Hands, out of the Money arising from the Duty or Excise of Wine and other Strong Liquors imported, so much as will answer and pay the Annual Rent aforesaid, as the lame shall become due, and shall punctually pay the same to the Order of the said Thomas Pilgrih, reserving nevertheless out of the yearly Rent afore-

l82

The LAWS of BARBADOES,

said, as the same shall happen to be in Arrear, successively, after the Commencement of the Lease aforesaid, the Sum of Three hundred Pounds Sterling, which is agreed upon by the Leafbr to be allowed and defaulked towards the Repairs of the Buildings, and is advanced and paid by the Publick.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Parochial Taxes, or other Assessments, that shall be laid on the said Lands during the Term of the Lease aforesaid, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Publick Treasury aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Charles Thomas is hereby impowered to treat with the said John Pilgrim upon and concerning the Lease aforesaid, and to execute one Part thereof for and on behalf of the Country, and to enter into such proper Covenants as are usually contained in Leases; and that such Indenture of Lease or Demise ( when executed) shall be good and effectual, according to the Covenants and Clauses that shall be therein contained, and the Treasurer for the time being is and shall be the Leasee aforesaid for and in behalf of this Island.

Pdfs'd the 12th Day of September, 1704.

Expired49 ^' An Act appointing a Committee for settling the publick Accounts of this Island.

Expired!99' An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Li-quors imported this Island.

315° 500. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Powder. Lead, and Pew-fhepwlwuh ter, during this present War.

E^red5wuh An Act for the better Eftahlishment of the Fortifications.

the War.

IS® 502. An Act impowering the Free-holders of St. Thomas’s, to AapaftMM*" meet and chuse a Vestry for the said Parish, and appoint-

June, 1709. . f _ . •» I /• T <n Tr n r 7 r C r

ing the Method for elect ing Vejtrtes for the future.

E^ired5°3‘ An Act for raising a Levy to discharge the Publick Debts of this xp‘r ' Island.

jB®d5°4- An Act to regulate the Proceedings of the Vefiry for the Parish of St. Lucy, in relation to the late Poll-Tax on Negroes.

cSrmfd ze An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Rent, in jun., 1706. case the Pent be not paid in a reasonable time.

WHERE AS the mod ordinary and ready "Way for Recovery of Arrears of Rent is by Distress, and therefore the Method of Distraining ought to be certain, as well as the Sale of such Distresses: Therefore for the taking 8 away

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 183

away all Disputes, and the better enforcing the Payment of all such Arrears of Rent for the future, be it enacted and ordained by his Excellency Sir Bevill Granville, Knight, Major General of Her Majesty's Armies, Captain General and Governor in Chief over this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and General Assembly of this Itland, and by Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof* that where any Negroes, Goods, or Chattels shall be distrainedfor any Rent reserved and due upon any Demise, Lease, or Contract whatsoever, and the Tenant or Owner of the Goods so distrained shall not, within Thirty Days next after such Distress taken, and Notice thereof ( with the Cause of such taking) left at their chief Mansion-house, or other moil notorious Place on the Pre-misses charged with the Rent distrained for, replevy the fame, with sufficient Security to be given to the Constable, who is hereby authorized, required, and impowered to make Distress, as Sheriffs in England may do, according to Law, that then in such case, after such Distress and Notice, as aforesaid, and Expiration of the said Thirty Days, the Person so distraining shall and may, with the Constable of the Parish where such Distress shall be taken ( and all Persons are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to them therein ) cause the Negroes, Goods, and Chattels so distrained, to be appraised by Three or any Two sworn Freeholders of the Neighbourhood (whom such Constable* or Constables distraining, as aforesaid, are hereby impowered to swear) to appraise the fame truly, according to the belt of their Understandings; and after such Appraisement, and the Expiration of the said Thirty Days, shall and may lawfully fell the Negroes, Goods, and Chattels so distrained in such manner as Goods and Chattels attached for Servants Wages, are appointed to be sold, towards Satisfaction of the Rent for which the said Negroes, Goods, and Chattel shall be distrained, and of the Charges of such Distress* Appraisement, and Sale* leaving the Overplus (if any) in the Hands of the said Constable, for the Owner’s Use.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatupott any Rescues of Negroes, Goods, or Chattels distrained for Rent, the Person or Persons grieved thereby shall, in a Special Action upon the Cafe, for the Wrong thereby fu- . stained, recover his and their treble Damages and Cost of Suit against the Offender or Offenders in any such Rescues, of against the Owners of the Negroes or Goods distrained*

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That in case any such Distress and Sale, as aforesaid, shall be made by virtue or colour of this present Act for Rent pretended to be arrear and due, where in truth no Rent is arrear or due to the Person or Persons distraining, or to him or them in whose Name or Names or Right such Distress shall be taken, as aforesaid, that then the Owner of such Negroes, Goods, or Chattels, distrained and fold, as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators, shall and may, by Action of Trespass, or upon the Cafe, to be brought against the Person or Persons so distraining, any or either of them, his or their Executors or Administrators* recover double the Value of the Negroes, Goods, or Chattels so distrained and fold, together with full Costs of Suit.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable or Constables, Appraiser or Appraisers, on Application of any Person or Persons, shall refuse or neglect to do their Duty hereby injoyned, that on Complaint and due Proof thereof made to any Justice of the Peace, the said Con- liable or Constables, Appraiser or Appraisers, so refusing, or for the Space of Three Days neglecting to do his or their Duty in this behalf, shall be bound o-ver to the next Court of Quarter Sessions, then and there to be made subject to such Fine or Fines as the said Court shall adjudge.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Constable shall and hereby may take for every Distress made, as aforesaid the Sum of

Five

1B4 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Five Shillings current Money of this Island, for every Summons; to a Freeholder, Two Shillings and Six Pence, of like Money; for a Certificate of their Appraisement, Two Shillings and Six Pence of like Money, and no more.

P fif'd the loth Day of February, 1704-5.

JIT

Confii

506. meditf f 7

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Clergy.

WHEREAS the Huppiness and Prosperity of every Society depends intirely upon the Bleiling and favourable Protection of Divine Providence which is never wanting to those who pradtilb and promote true Religion and Virtue, and suppress Vice, Immorality, and Profaneness : And whereas it is, peculiarly the Duty and Profession of Gods holy Ministers the Clergy, to promote the one, and suppress the other, who, for want of a competent Maintenance by the Law of this Island to be ascertained and allotted them, have not been sufficiently inabled to discharge their Duties so faithfully and impartially as otherwise might have been expected : To the end therefore that no Endeavours may be wanting on our Parts to promote the Glory of God, and the Interest of his holy Church, as by Law established, against the sinister Machinations of Schismatick deligning Men, that the Dispensers of Gods Word and Sacraments may have a creditable Subsistence, that pious and learned Men may be incouraged to come and reside amongst us, that Virtue and Piety may flburilhjthat Vice and Immorality may be discountenanced, and that Almighty God may bless, protect, and prosper us; Be it enacted by his Excellency Sir Bevill Gnvrcille Knight, Major General of Her Majesty's Armies, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guar, deloupe^ &c. the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the Representatives of the People in the General AfiTem-bly. That from and after Publication hereof, every Orthodox Minister of the Church of England, who now legally is, or shall hereafter be legal Rector or Incumbent of any Parish within this Island, shall, besides the Manflon-house and Glebe which belong to some of the Parishes, receive Yearly, during the time of his Incumbency, or of his officiating as Rebtor, the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds current Money of this Island (which is to be in lieu and full Discharge of all Pretensions which any Minister now hath, or hereafter may have, of or to the Pound of Sugar per Acre) to be paid Quarterly by the Churchwardens for the time being, and to be raised by .a Levy or Tax to be assessed by the respective Vefhies of each Parish, who are hereby authorized and required to lay the fame on the Inhabitants in such equal manner as they shall think fit; which Levy or Tax so to be laid, shall be published, confirmed, and collected in the same manner as other Levies of the Vestries have usually been.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Churchwardens, or Vestry, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to discharge the Duty herein of them required, that then the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, upon Proof thereof made before him in Council, is hereby authorized and desired ( unless the said Offenders fir all within Fourteen Days after such Proof, proceed to perform his or their Duty so neglected) to issue out his Warrant of Distress, directed so the Provost Marshal, or to any Constable, to attach and distrain for the Sum due on the proper Estate of the Offender or Offenders in Default, as aforesaid, for and towards the full Satisfaction of the Redtof: or Incumbent, in such Proportion as in the said Warrant by the Governor or Commander in Chief shall be appointed.

And

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

183

And whereas there are some Parishes who do and are able to give greater Encouragements to their Miiiifters than what by this Law is appointed, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar this ACT, or any thing herein contained, shall not be construed or expounded to prevent any Vestry of this Ifl.nd from making what farther Additions for their Incumbent’s better Encouragement, as any Min lifers may merit for their extraordinary Labour and To if in their faithful Discharge of their Pastoral Duty.

And whereas in some Parishes of this Island which are destitute of Glebe-Lands, the Incumbents thereof are not Free-holders according to the Laws and Statutes of this Island, and therefore it hath been doubted whether Ministers under such Circumstances may be legally elected as Vestry men:To put an end to all such Scruples, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding any Law or Usage to the contrary, every Orthodox Minister of the Church of England within this Island, though lie have no Free-hoid, shall be, Virtute Officii, of the Vestry, which, from and after Publication hereof, shall always consist: of Seventeen Persons, provided the Minister be One j otherwise, 'viz. when any Parish shall want a Minister, Sixteen Free-holders, or the major part of them, shall always be esteemed a iegal Vestry, as heretofore hath been accustomed; and that from and after Publication hereof, no Vestry shall be held without the Incumbent of the Parish, if any be thereunto presented and inducted, Sickness or Neglect of coming, after due Notice given him, or being absenc from the Island, always excepted.

And for the further Encouragement of all good and pious Men exercising the Ministerial Functions of the Holy Church, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rector or Incumbent of every Parish shall and may ask, demand, and receive, to his own Use, as Perquisites, the respective Sums hereafter mentioned, ‘viz. For every Marriage in the Church, Five Shillings; and in other Places, Twenty Shillings : For every Funeral in the Church-yard, Five Shillings : For every Funeral in the Church, Twenty Shillings : For every Funeral in the Chancel, Fifty Shillings : For every Sermon preached at Funerals, Forty Shillings, current Money of this Island; to be recovered by Warrant from any of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, as in case of Money for Labourers Hire and Work done.

Pass’dthe 21 Jl Day of March, 1704-5.

An Act to raisi a Levy upon the several Inhabitants of this #2° 507.

Island. Expired.

An Act for the Dispofil of the Printed Laws of Barbadoes in 508. the several Parishes of this Island. °bfolete'

A Supplemental A3 to an Act, Intituled, An Act for raising 5°9-a Levy to discharge the Publick Debts of this Island.

An Act for the impowering the Judges to adjourn the five- ji2° 510. rail Courts of Common-Pleas to convenient Places cut of the°brjlete' Towns.

A a

8

An

i8 6

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

,313° 5". An Additional AB to the AB3 intituled, An Act for establish-robationary. j^g jjg Courts of Common-Pleas within this Island.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of this Island, intituled, An Act for establishing the Courts of Common-Pleas in this Island, the several Days on which the respective Courts of Common-Pleas in this Island shall be held, are limited and appointed, and amongst the rest, the Court of Common-Pleas for the Precincts of St. Michael is appointed to be kept on the JFedtiefda^ Thursday, and Friday next following the Court at Oiftines, and so to continue fitting from Four Weeks to Four Weeks on the said several Days, until the Twenty sixth Day of September following : And whereas it frequently happens, that the said Town of St. Michael is afflicted with contagious Distempers and Sicknesses, inlomuch that niany times the Jury-men and Evidences fununoned on the several causes in that Court, as also the Plaintiffs or Defendants, dare not ( during such Sickness ) venture to the said Court, for fear of Infection and Hazard of their Lives, which hath occasioned great Delay and Hindrance to the Course of the Proceedings in the said Court; and by reason of several Adjournments made for the aforesaid Reasons, the Judge and his Assistants of the said Court are not able to hear and determine the Business of the said Court in so short a time as the said Act limits and appoints : For Remedy whereof, and for taking away the Complaints against Delay of Justice, and for the more speedy and fuller Determination of all causes which now are depending, or hereafter may come in the said Court,according to Law and Justice; Be it enacted by his Excellency Sir Bevill Granville, Knight, Major General of Her Majesty's Armies, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over the Island of Barbadoes, and the rest of the Illes, Colonies, and Plantations in America, to Windward of Guardeloupe, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the Chief Judge of the said Court of Common-Pleas held for the Precincts of St. Michael, <3tc. and his Assistants, or any Three of them, have hereby full Power and Authority to fit, and continue to hear and determine the Business of the said Court, One Day longer at every Sitting than by this Law is appointed, viz. by adding the several Saturdays to the Three Days appointed by that Law j so that the said Court is hereby limited and appointed to hold on the Wednesdays, Thursdays, Friday, and Saturdays, in the fame Order and Manner as by the Law establishing the Courts of Common-Pleas in this Island is appointed; any Matter or Thing in the said Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pass’dthe nth Day of July, 1705.’

R-peaied«12" Supplemental AB to an Act Intituled, An Act appointing peae ‘ a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island.

5*3. An Act for laying an Im on Wines and other Strong Id* *Pircd’ quors imported this Island.

In

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

187

An Act concerning the Agents for Solicitation of the Publick 315° 514. Affairs of this Island. OWbIete‘

A Supplemental A3 to an Act, intituled, An Act to keep in- 515. violate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appr^aX*" pointing who shall be deemed Free-holders, and be capable'""e’*7°9' of electing, or being elected Representatives, Vestry-men, or to serve as Jurors to try Real Actions within this Island.

An Act for laying a Duty on Negroes and other Slaves import- J13° sited to this Island. "*ry-

BE it enacted by his Excellency Sir Beville Granville Knight- Major General of Her Majesty's Armies, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over the Islands of Barbadoes, Santia Lucia, Dominico, St. Vincent, and the rest of the Islands, Colonies, and Plantations iri America, commonly called and known by the Name of the Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guar deloupe, the Honourable the Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Publication of this Act, for all Negroes and other Slaves that shall be imported to this Island, and landed here, an Imposition or Duty shall be paidj after the Rate, and in such Manner, as in this Act is expressed, viz. That the Merchant or Merchants, or any other Person or Persons to whom any Negroes or (ocher Slaves shall be brought or consigned, or who are any ways impowered to sell the same, shall, within Thirty Days next after such Importation and Landing, pay unto the Treasurer of this Island for the time beings Five Shillings, current Money of this Eland, for each and every Negro or other Slave, whether Male or Female, Old or Young, that shall hereafter be imported and landed 5 and in case the said Duty shall not be fully paid within the time hereby limited for the Payment thereof, the Person or Persons neglecting to pay the same shall forfeit double the Sum of Money that shall happen to be behind and unpaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, Merchant or Mariner, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever arriving at this Island, and importing Negroes or other Slaves, shall be permitted to trade or barter within this Island with or for such Negroes or Slaves, or any of them, or to land any of the said Negroes or Slaves before such time as the Mailer or Purler of the .Ship or Vessel, wherein the said Negroes or Slaves are imported, shall have made Oath before the Treasurer of this Island, or the Comptroller of the Duty of Excise for the time, being (who are hereby severally impowere'd' and authorised to administer fuich Oath) of the true'N umber of the Negroes and Slave$that are imported in the said Ship or Vessel, either by Bill of Loading, or otherwise j and in case any Person or Persons shall offend herein, he or they shall forfeit Ten Shillings, current'Money, of this-.Island, for each and.p.yeryNogro or other Slave by such Offender or Offenders' imported to this Island. Ana in caff any Mailer or Purferishall give in a faHe offodrit Number of the Negroes or Slaves imported in his said Ship or Vessel, he shall forfeit Ten Shillings^ current'Money of this Island, for each and every Negro or other Slave that is or are imported in the said Ship or Vessel, over and above the Number by him giv-trnin.

And

i88

The LAWSof BARBADOES.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall presume to land privately, or otherwise, any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, before Oath shall be made, in manner aforesaid, the said Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, so landed, may be lawfully seized by any Person or Persons whatsoever, and the full Value of inch Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, shall be forfeited, to be recovered against the Person or Persons in whose Possession the said Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves shall be found, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or in the Court of Common Pleas for the Precinct where such Seizure shall be made, at the Election of the Informer; and the said Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be pleaded to, and tried the very fil'd Court after the fame is filed, and the Defendant or Defendants duly served therewith. And the Treasurer of this Island for the time being is hereby impowered and required to iflixe Execution or Executions against all and every Person and Persons that shall make Default of Payment of the aforesaid Duty in-and by this Act appointed, as also for the several Forfeitures above mentioned (except only the full Value of Negroes and Slaves that are landed before Oach nude, in manner aforesaid) the said Execution or Executions to be directed to any Constable or Constables, who are hereby impowered and required to proceed thereon in all things in such manner as by the Laws of this Island, in the Cafe of Servants Wages, is directed and appointed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer shall and may retain, to his own proper Use, Three Pounds-, current Money of this Island, per Cent, for his Care and Trouble in receiving and paying the Monies hereby to be raised; and in case he shall neglect to proceed against all Persons who shall become Debtors by this Act according to the Powers herein given him, by Means whereof any Arrearages shall remain Six Months after that the fame ought to be paid, all such Persons as are then in Arrear shall Hand discharged, and the Treasurer shall thenceforth be charged with the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sums of Money which shall be raised by virtue of this Act, and one Half of the several Forfeitures aforesaid, shall be to Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors, to the Uses and Purposes herein after declared, that is to say, for the Payment of the Publick Debts of this Island, and the Overplus ( if any ) to be applied to the defraying of the growing Charges of this Island 5 and the other Half of all the said Forfeitures to be to the Informer.

Pass'd the 28th Day of November, 1705.

517. An Act for laying a Duty of Fifteen Fence per Tun on all Ships spued. ang qiJjqy Vessels that shall arrive at this Island.

Obsolete.

Island.

the several Inhabit ants of this

10° 5*9* An Act to supply the want of Money for the Payment of the «p:red. Levy novo intended to be levied on the several Inhabitants of this Island.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

189

An Act to appoint Watches to he in the respective Towns of this Island.

WHEREAS there hath been of late great Neglect: iri setting arid'keep-ing Watches within the several Towns of this Island, so that many Robberies, Felonies, and Burglaries, have been committed, and many suspicious Persons wander about the said Towns in the Night-time without Controul of Question : For Prevention thereof for the future, and that "Watches be duly kept within the several Towns of this IlLnd every Night, Be it enacted by his Excellency Sir BecoiU Granville, Knight, Major General of Her Majesty's Armies, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this Her Majesty's Island of Barbados, and all the dependent Isles that are or shall be under Her Majesty's Subjection and Government to the Windward of Guar deloupe, the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the Representatives of the People in the General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Justices of the Peace within the PrecinCls of St. Michael shall meet and fit at their usual Place of Meeting upon the First Tuesday after Publication of this Act j and the said Justices, or the major part of them present at the said Meeting, are hereby impowered and required to make and appoint Eight equal Parts or Divisions of the Houses within the Town of St. Michael, and also to order and appoint Eight discreet and able Men to serve and perform the Duty of Constables within the said Town; and the said Justices shall appoint to each and every Constable a Part or Division of the Town, as aforesaid, to command the Number of Men as shall be sent to keep a .Watch within the said Town, as hereafter by this Law is appointed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices within the Precincts of St. James and St. 'Thomas shall meet at their.usual Place of Meeting upon the First Wednesday after Publication of this Act; and the said Justices, or the major part of them present, are hereby impowered and required to make, and appoint Seven equal Parts or Divisions of the Houses within the Hole-Town j and to order and appoint Ope able and discreet Person to serve and perform the Duty of a Constable within the said Hole-Town; which Constable is also to observe the Directions and Duty hereafter in this Law appointed him.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices within the Precincts of St. Peter and St. Lucy shall meet at their usual-Place of Meeting upon the First Friday after Publication of this Act:; and the said Justices, or the major part of them present, are hereby ’impowered and required to make and appoint Seven equal Parts or Divisions of the Houses within the Town of Spights, alias Little-Bristol, and also to order and appoint Seyen able and discreet Men to serve and perform the Duty of Constables within the salt! Town of Spights; and the said Justices shall appoint to each and every Constable a Part or Division of the Town, as. aforesaid, to command the Number, of Men that shall be sent to keep Watch within the said Town, as’hereafter by this Law is appointed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the,justices Within the Precincts of Christ-Church shall meet at their usual Place of Meeting upon the First Saturday after Publication of this ACfc.-j and the said: Justices, or the major part present, are hereby impowered and required to ftiake and appoint Seven equal Parts or Divisions of the Houses within tfte Town of Ciftines> and to" order and appoint One able and., discreet, Person tq serve and perform the Duty of a Constable within the said Town 9? Oiffines j Which Constable is also to.observe the Directions and Duty hereafter by this Raftf appointed him.; . And

190 The LAWS of BARBADOES;

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Churchwardens of the several Parishes of St. Michael, Sr. pj nines, St Peter, and Christ-Chnrchy shall, at the several Meetings of the said Justices within the several Precincts, as aforesaid, lay before them the Parish-Books, Accounts, and Lifts of Assessments, and Levies on the Houses within the several Towns of this Island, that so an equal Division of the Towns may be made and appointed by the said Justices, as aforesaid; and the several Church-wardens shall perform the said Duty as often as they shall be thereunto required by the Justices of the several Quarter-Sessions.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter or Mistress of a Family, or Shop-keeper, and every Owner of a House or Store-house within the Town of St. Michael, to the Value of Fifteen Pounds per Annum, or more, for every such Store-house, and also every Owner of a Store-house of the like Value within the said Town of St. Michael, and who is a Planter, and hath a Plantation in this island, though the said Store-house be not rented out, he having no Person dwelling therein, shall, and they and every of them beforementioned, are hereby required to fend an able White Man every eighth Night, according to the Notice and Appointment of the several Constables of the said Towns , and the said Men so sent shall be well provided with a good Sword, Watch-Bill, or Half-Pike, to be commanded and directed by the respective Constables of the said Town of St. Michael to guard and watch the said Town, as by this Law they are injoyned, under the Penalty of forfeiting for each and every Man wanting each Night upon the Watch, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence; to be recovered upon Proof and Return thereof made by the Constable before any One Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Constable of that Division wherein the Fault is committed; and the said Justice and Constable are hereby required to proceed thereon as in case of Servants Wages 5 which Forfeiture shall be applied towards the Charge of railing a Structure for placing of a Town-Clock : And the said Forfeitures, as often as collected, shall be paid by the Constable to the Churchwarden for the time being; and if any Money shall remain in the Hands of the said Churchwarden, the feme shall be by him accounted for, and delivered to the succeeding Churchwarden, and the Minister of the Parish, in like manner as the Parish Money is accounted for.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mailer or Mistress of a Family, or Shop-keeper, and every Owner of a House or Store-house within the Town of Spight's, alias Little Bristol, who rent out any House or Storehouse of the Value of Ten Pounds per Annum, or more, lor every such House or Storehouse, and also every Owner of a House or Storehouse of the like Value within the said Town of Spight’s, and who is a Planter, or hath a Plantation in this island, though the said House or Storehouse be not rented out, he having no Person dwelling therein, shall, and they and every of them beforfementioned, are hereby required , to fend One able White Man every Seventh Night, according to Notice and Appointment of the several Constables of the said Town; which Constable and Men are to follow the fame Ditedions and Proceedings against every Defaulter aforesaid, as by this Law is already appointed to the Constables and Watches of the Town of St. Michael > which Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the Poor of the said Town.'

An pbdit further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter or Mistress Of a Family, or Shop-keeper, and every Owner of any House or Stofehouse within the; Two Towns of Oiftines and the Hole, who rent out any House or Store-hOufe to the Value of Ten Pounds per Antium, or more, for every fbdhi House or Store-house, and also every Owner of a House or Store-froUfe of the ltke Vilud,' rhotrgh nbt rented out, within the Tbwfts of 'Oi'/tinei

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

191

and the Hole, the Owner being a Planter, or- having a Plantation in this Island, and having no Person dwelling in his House or Store-house, shall, and they and every of them, are hereby required to fend One able White’ Man every Seventh Night, according to Appointment of the Constables of the said Two Towns, and to be directed by the Constables of the said Two Towns, to watch, as by this Law they are hereafter injoyned, under the Penalty of forfeiting for each and every Man wanting each Night upon the Watch, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence ,• to be recovered in like manner as before is appointed against such Defaulters within the Town of St. Michael and Spights, and the Forfeitures to the Use of the Poor of each Parish.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Vestries of the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. James, St. Peter, and Christ Church, shall meet at their usual Place of Meeting upon the First Lhurfday after Publication of this Act, and shall then inquire and set a Value on the several Houses and Store-houses within the several Towns of this Island, that are owned by Planters or Persons that have Plantations in this Island, as aforesaid; and shall also inquire into the Rents of the several Houses and Store-houses within the said Towns, and set their Values down, that the fame may be known to the Constables of the several Towns, and others therein concerned; and the said several Vestries, upon the Third Monday in January every Year after, shall meet and perform the like Duty.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That no Merchant or Trader who is an Inhabitant within any of the Towns of this Island, who keep Store-houses for their own Goods and Use, and not rented our, shall be obliged to lend or provide any Person or Persons more than One Man (as by this Law before is appointed) to the Watch or Guard, for his Store-house or Storehouses so made use of without Rent, as aforesaid : And it is also the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That all Persons trading to and from this Island, and not being Inhabitants thereof who take any Store-house or Houses for the Sale of any Provisions or other Goods imported this Island, shall not be liable to serve themselves upon the Watch, or to lend any Person for them, but the Landlords, who rent out fuc'a Storehouses, are to send to the Watch, as aforesaid, for them, if it amount to the Yearly Value as before is appointed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Constables within the Town of St. Michael and Spights, alias Little-Bristol, shall set their several Watches within the said Towns every Night throughout the Year at the Hour of Nine of the Clock, and shall continue the fame until Five of the Clock next Morning •, and all Persons lent to the Watches, as herein before is appointed, are hereby required to yield Obedience, and perform all the lawful Commands and Directions of the several Constables appointed over them, and each of them; and if any Person belonging to the said Watches, being a Free-man, refuse or neglect to do his Duty, he mail, upon Complaint and Proof thereof before any One Justice of the Peace, be bound himself to our Sovereign Lady the Queen, in Five Pounds Sterling, and Two Securities in Fifty Shillings each, to appear at the next Quarter Sessions, and in the mean time to be of the good Behaviour j and such Person offending shall be fined by the Justices of the said Sessions, or the major part of them, according as they shall see fit, not exceeding for each Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling; and if the Offender be not able to pay such Fine, or if he be a Servant, then he shall receive corporal Punishment, according to the Direction of the Justices, not exceeding Ten Laflies.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within the Hours of Nine of the Clock every Night, and Five next Morning, the several Constables within the Towns of St. Michael and Spights shall by Turns keep a drift Guard or Watch within the said Towns,- and the said Constables, with their

Watches,

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

192

Watches, are hereby fully impowered and required, within the Hours aforesaid, to take up all wandring suspected idle Persons, who cannot give a good Account of themselves, and their Business, and keep them in Custody till the next Morning, and them cariy before the next Justice of the Peace, to be proceeded aga.inst according to Law j and in case the said Constables or Watches within the Towns of St. Michael and Slights shall find any Person or Persons actually breaking open any House or Houses, or endeavouring to break open any House or Houses, or fire the fame; or if any Person shall with Force and Violence resist and oppose the said Constables and Watches within the Hours before appointed, in the said Towns of St. Michael and Spights, it shall and may be lawful to kill or destroy them so acting or relifting, as aforesaid, if they cannot be otherwise apprehended 5 and if any such Persons, so acting, shall make their. Escape, the said Constables and Watches are to cause Hue and Cry to be made after them, that they may be taken and dealt with according to Law and Justice. And the said Constables and Watches are further hereby required to take care and prevent all Disorders within the said Towns of St. "Michael and Spights, according to the Laws and Statutes of England, and Laws of this island.

A Mu be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever within the said Towns of St. Michael and Spights, shall for the future throw at any time, by Day or Night, into any Street, Lane, Alley, or other Place within the said Towns, any Dung, (linking Provisions, Sweepings of their Houses, or other Nufances whatsoever, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered before the next Justice, as in case of Servants Wages j which Forfeiture shall be one Half to the Use of the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of such Parish, to be distributed by the Minister and Churchwarden of such Parish. And the several Justices, Constables, Watches, Clerks of the Markets, are hereby strictly required and injoynedto take Notice of all such Persons as shall offend therein, and inform and proceed against them forthwith.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That no Person shall be liable to the Forfeiture of Twenty Shillings aforesaid, if Information be not made within Thirty Days after the Offence is committed.

• And whereas the Number of Inhabitants within the Two Towns of Oiftines and the "Hole are but few, so that there cannot be appointed a sufficient Number of Constables in each Town to attend the Watches in the said Towns every Night, nor many Persons to be upon the Watches in the said Two Towns; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Constables appointed in each of the said Towns of Oiftines and the Hole, are hereby required to appoint and cause the several Divisions of Houses in each of the said Towns; and the Persons so sent each Night are to begin their Watch at Nine of the Clock every Night, and to continue until Five of the Clock next Morning• within which Hours the Watches within the said Two Towns of Oiftines and the Hole, are to take care that no Person or Persons do break open any House or Houses, or endeavour the Burning of them i and if they perceive within the Hours aforesaid any Persons met together with Intent of committing any Disorders in the said Towns, that then the said Watches shall forthwith repair to the Habitation of the Constable of the Town, or some Justice of the Peace; and such Constables or Justices are hereby impowered and required to raise a sufficient Force in the said Towns to prevent all Disorders whatsoever. And it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That t.he several Watches in the Two Towns of Oiftines and the Hole shall not proceed in any other manner than they are herein appointed and injoyned by this Clause, except the Constable of the Towns or a Justice of the Peace be present with the said Watches j and then and in such case such Constable or Justice of the Peace, with the Watches

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

193

of the said Towns, {Kali and may act and do any thing, as by this Act the Constables and Watches of St. Michael or Spighis might do.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the several Quarter Sessions within this 111 and shall make Choice of able and discreet Men to perform the Duty of Constables within their several Precincts, once in every Year,- and that the said Justices of the Quarter Sessions have hereby full Power and Authority to examine and inquire into the Duty of all Constables, Watches, and Clerks of the Market within their several Precincts, and punish them according to the Nature of their Offences, not exceeding for each Offence Ten Pounds Sterling. And in case any Constable shall die within the Year, or depart this IlLnd, any Two Justices shall order and appoint another Man to serve as Constable in his stead so gone off or dead, within Four Days thereafter.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace in the Pai idles of St. Michael and St. Peter shall meet, and the major part of them present shall and are hereby impowered and required to appoint some convenient Place or Places, as they think fit, where the 'Dirt and Filth of the said Towns shall be carried and laid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice, Chui clnvarden, or Vestrymen, shall not perform the Duty required of them by this Law, without a just Excuse to be allowed of by the major part of the Justices of the Quarter Sessions, he shall forfeit and pay, by Order of the said Sessions, the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, to the Use of the Poor of such Pa-rifli wherein such Fine shall be exacted; and such Forfeiture to be distributed by the Minister and Churchwarden of such Parish amongst the Poor, as aforesaid.

And whereas Matroffes under Pay, and the1 Serjeants belonging to the Six Companies in the Town of St. Michael, do frequently Duty in the Militia, and for such Reason have been formerly exempted, from serving on the Night Watches; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matroffes aforesaid, and Serjeants of the said Companies, and every of them, are hereby exempted and excuied from doing any Duty on the Watches or Guard with the Constables; any thing in this Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy for the time being-, is hereby injoyned and required to attend the respective Sessions of the Justices by this Act impowered to convene, and make Record of such Proceedings as shall be then and there, from time to time, had and done.

Pass'd the 25th Day of January, 1705.

An Act appointing the General Officers of this Island to he Commissioners of the Fortifications in the several Divisions of this Island.

A supplemental AB to an Act, intituled, An Act for the better Establishment of the Fortifications of this Island.

An Act for the more effectual carrying on and completing the Fortifications of this Island.

Bb

JI3° 521.

Repealed by an Act pad in 1715.

313° 522.

Ditto.

J0° 523-;

Dittos

An

194

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

K3°52+- An Act for the more Jpee dy CoileBion of the Duties arising on

Probationary. Dllty of StVOUg LiqUOTS.

WHEREAS some Inconveniencies have happened from the present Method of collecting the Duty of Excise on Scrong Liquors For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by his Excellency Sir B evil I Granville, Knight, Major General of Her Majesty's Armies, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other Her Majesty's Q.uiribbee Islands to Windward of Guardelcttpe, the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General AfLinbly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, the Treasurer of this Island for the time being shall have, and hath hereby delegated unto him full Power and Authority, from time to time, and as often as Occasion Hull require, to issue under his Hand and Seal a Warrant or Warrants, Execution or Executions, against all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now is, or are, or hereafter shall be indebted unto the Treasury of this Island for or on account of the said Duty arising on the Excise of Strong Liquors; which said Warrant or Warrants, Execution or Executions, shall, in all Respects whatsoever, be executed by the.Constable or Constables, to whom the lame shall be directed, in the same manner as Warrants or Executions are appointed to be executed by the Constable or Constables to whom the same are directed for the collecting of the late. Taxes on Negroes Heads $ and on Failure of Duty in the Constables, they, and every of them, shall be proceeded against in the same manner as is appointed on Failure of the Constables Duty in the collecting of the said Taxes .on Negroes Heads.

Puff'd the 9th Day of February, 1705.

30° 525- An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method Ortoi. 1706. of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island.

3B° 526. An Act for the better enabling the Executors of Christopher Sept. I7tl. Eftwicke, Esquire, deceased, to pay the Debts of the said Christopher Eftwicke.

5 27- AnABfor the better Regulation of the Courts of Common-Pleas in this ijlanf and to prevent several unneceffenry Delays in the Proceedings of the said Courts.

WH ERE AS upon the issuing of a Gomrniffion appointing a Chief Judge and Four Afluiarits of any of tfhe Counts' of Commcin-Pleas in this Island, ft hdtftbeen usual IMfc the said ’Chief Judgfe hath ’been sworn before the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, President of the Councils or other Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, and phat afterwards theftid . Afliftarits have been fwdfh bdforfe 'thfe laid Chief in bpen CourtAnd

whereas it hath frequently happened, that after the Did Chief Judge hath been sworn, as aforesaid. One or more, of the said Assistants hath or have been, by Sickness, or some other Accident, fjprevented from coming to the next Court

to

*95

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

to be sworn, and thereuponthe Chief Judge and his other Assistants, who have been sworn; have refused to hold any Courts until such time as all the said Assistants are sworn : And whereas upon the Death or Departure from this Island of any One or Two of the Assistants of any Court of Common-Pleas, the Chief Judge and his othesr Assistants have in like manner refused to hold any Courts until such time \as! their Conuniifion is filled up, by appointing One or Two other Afllstants in the room of him or them who is or are dead; or gone oft the Island : And whereas upon the Death or Departure from this Island of a Governor, Lieutenanc Governor, President of the Council, or other Commander in Chief of this Island; as also upon the Arrival here of a new Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or other Commander in Chief; the Judges ;md Assistants of the several Courts of Common-Pleas have sometimes refused to hold any Courts until such time as their respective Commissions have been renewed, it having been a received Opinion, that in all and every the abovementioned Cafes no Court can be legally holden : Tor the Prevention therefore of all such unnecessary Delays of Justice for the future. Be it enacted by his Excellency Sir Be-xill Granville, Knight, Major General of Her Majesty's Armies, Captain General and Governor in Chid of this and other Her Majesty's Chanbbet Islands to the Windward of Guardeloupe, the Honourable the Members of the Council, and General Assembly of this Island,vand by the Authority of the same, That whenlbever any Commission shall at anytime hereafter issue, appointing a Chief Judge and Four Assistants of any Courts of Common-Pleas within this Island, as loon as the said Chief Judge and any Two or Three of his Assistants shall be sworn thereupon, although One or Two others of the said Assistants are not sworn, he the said Chief Judge, and any Two or Three Assistants that are sworn, are hereby authorized and required to hold Courts of Common-Pleas, and Courts of Appeals within the Precincts for which they are appointed, and to do all things that shall be requisite and necessary to the holding of such Courts, or any way relating thereunto, as fully and effectually to all intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Assistants had been sworn.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any One or Two of the Assistants of any Court of Common-Pleas within this Island shall at any time hereafter die, or depart from this Island, the Chief Judge of the said Court, and his other Assistants, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and required, notwithstanding such Death or Departure, to hold Courts of Common-Pleas and Courts of Appeals within their own Precincts, as fully and effectually to all Intents' and Purposes Whatsoever, as if their Commilfiori after such Death or Departure had been filled up again or renewed.

And-be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Governor, Lieutenant Governor, President of the Council, or other Commander in Chief of this Island, shall at any time hereafter die, or depart from this Island, or in case any Person who shall be appointed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, to be Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island, shall at any time hereafter arrive here, the several Corn-millions appointing the Judges and Assistants of the several Courts of Common-Pleas in this Island, which shall be in full Force and Virtue at the time of such Death or Departure of a Governor, Lieutenant Governor, President of the Council, or other Commander in Chief, or at the time of the Arrival of a new Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chiefj shall, notwithstanding such Death, Departure, or Ariival, continue, remain, and be in full Force and Virtue, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes in the Law whatsoever, until such time as the said Commissions shall be severally superseded; and the Judges and Assistants of the several Courts of Common-Pleas are hereby respectively authorized and required, notwithstanding such Death, Departure, or Arrival, to hold Courts of Common-Pleas and Courts of Ap-.

B b a peals

196 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

peals within their several Precincts, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpol'es whatsoever, as if they had had new Commissions after such Death, Departure, or Arrival, granted unto them.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future the Aftiflants of any Court of Common-Pleas, or any Three of them, may, in the Absence of the Chief Judge, hold Courts of Appeals in all Cafes whatsoever j and that Courts of Appeals, whether holden by the Chief Judge and any Two or more of his Assistants, or by his Assistants, or any Three of them alone, without the Chief Judge, may be holden on any of the Days on which the said Court of Common-Pleas for the Paid Precinct shall fit, and before the Adjournment of the said Court of Common-Pleas, if the Business of the Paid Court shall permit, as well as at any other time j any Law or Usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That (or the future, in all Cafes where the Chief Judge of any Court of Common-Pleas within this island is a Party, either in his own Right, or by Right of Represen-tation, to any Suit depending in the said Court, or where the Chief Judge and any One of his Assistants are Parties to such Suit, that in all such Cases the eld-eft Assistant of the said Court, who is not a Party of the Paid Suit, nor imerested, as aforesaid, shall sign all Process and Writs whatsoever any vva.y relating to the said Suit, and shall do all other things requisite and necessary to bring the said Suit to a final Determination, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the said Chief Judge himself may do in all other Cafes whatsoever.

And to the end that there may be no Inconsistency in the Writs and Process where the Chief Judge of the Court is a Party' to the Suit, or interested, as aforesaid, and that there may be one settled Form for all Writs and Process, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future these Words [before our Chief judge and his Jljjistants J be wholly left out and omitted m ail Writs of Summons for Defendants, all Summons for Evidence, all Writs of Venire facias for the summoning of Juries, and all other Writs and Process whatsoever.

And whereas many Families in this island are, by frequent Intermarriages, become related to each other, by Means whereof it hath often happened, that when a Cause hath been ready for a Tryal, it hath been put off, because One or more of the Jurors hath or have been of akin to the Plaintiff or Defendant, or One of the Plaintiffs or Defendants: For Remedy whereof^ Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no Juror shall be challenged for Consanguinity, unless he be within the following Degrees of Kindred to the Plaintiff or Defendant, or One of the Plaintiffs or Defendants, that is to say, Grandfather, Father’s Son, Grandson, Brother, Grandfather’s Brother, Grandmother’s Brother, Father’s Brother, Mother’s Brother, Brother’s Son, Sifter’s Son, Brother’s Grandson, Sifter’s Grandson, Cousin German, Father’s Cousin German, Mother’s Cousin German, Cousin German’s Son, or Second Cousin.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no Juror shall be challenged for Affinity, unless the fame do arise by the immediate Marriage of the Juror himself, or of the Plaintiff or Defendant, or of One of the Plaintiffs or Defendants, and unless such Affinity comes within the following Degrees, that is to say, if a Juror has married the Grandmother, Mother, Daughter, Granddaughter, Sifter, Grandfather’s Sifter, Grandmother’s Sifter, Father’s Sifter, Mother’s Sifter, Brother’s Daughter, Sifter’s Daughter, Brother’s Granddaughter, Sifter’s Granddaughter, Cousin German, Father’s Cousin German, Mother’s Cousin German, Cousin German’s Daughter, or the Second Cousin of the Plaintiff or Defendant, or of One of the Plaintiffs or Defendants j or if the Plaintiff or Defendant, or One of the Plaintiffs or Defendants, has married any One that is within the aforesaid Degrees of Kindred to the Juror who is challenged. And

197

TheLJWS of BARBADOES.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not be allowed to challenge any Juror either for Consanguinity or Affinity, unless the fame be on the part of the Defendant or One of the Defendants; and in the like manner the Defendant or Defendants shall not be allowed to challenge any Juror, either for Consanguinity or Affinity, unless the fame be on the part of the Plaintiff, or One of the Plaintiffs; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstand-

in§;

And for the more speedy Tryal of Issues, and Enquiry of Damages by the Verdict of Twelve Men hereafter to be had. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes whatsoever where a full Jury shall not appear upon a Writ of Venire facias, or Writ of Enquiry of Damages, before any of the said Courts of Common-Pleas, or else after Appearance of a full Jury by Challenge of any of the Parties, the Jury is like to remain untaken for Default of Jurors, then the Lid Court of Common-Pleas, upon Request made by the Party, Plaintiff or Defendant, shall from henceforth have Authority, by Virtue of this Act, to command the Marshal of the said Court, or his lawful Deputy, to name and appoint, as often as need shall require, so many of such ocher able Persons of the Lid Precinct then present at the said Court, as flaall make up a full Jury; which Persons so to be named and impannelled by the said Marshal, or his Deputy, shall be added to the former Panne], and their Names annexed to the lame 5 and that every of the Parties shall and may have his or their Challenge to the Jurors so named, added, and annexed to the said former Pannel, in such manner as if they had been impannelled upon the Writ of Venire facias, or Writ of Enquiry, and the said Court shall and may proceed to the Tryal of every such Issue, or the Enquiry of Damages sustained by the Plaintiff, with those Persons that were before impannelled and returned, and with those newly added and annexed to the said former Pannel, by Virtue of this Act, in such manner as they might or ought to have done if all the Lid Jurors had been returned upon the "Venire facias, or Writ of Enquiry; and that every such Tryal and Enquiry hereafter had, shall be as good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents, Confirmations, and Purposes, as if such Tryal or Enquiry had been had and tried by Twelve of the Jurors impannelled and returned upon the Writ of Venire facias, or Writ of Enquiry $ and in case such Persons as the said Marshal, or his Deputy, shall name and appoint, as aforesaid, or any of them, after they shall be called, be present, and do not appear, or after his or their Appearance do wilfully withdraw himself or themselves from the Presence of the said Court, that then the said Court shall and may set such Fine upon every such Juror making Default, or wilfully withdrawing himself, as aforesaid, as is appointed for Jurors not appearing by legal Summons.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Matter of Law shall arise upon the Tryal of any Issue in any of the said Courts of Common-Pleas, if any Council at Law shall move the Court for a Special Verdict in the said Cause, the Lid Court shall, if they think fit, direct the Jury in such case to find the Matter specially j and the said Jury are hereby required to yield due Obedience to the said Direction of the Court : And if the said Jury shall, contrary to such Direction, bring in a General Verdict in the said Cause, the Lid Court are hereby authorized and required to reject the said Verdict, and to fend the Jury out again, in order to bring in a Special Verdict.

And for the better and more impartial Administration of Justice for the future, and to the end that all Persons having causes depending in the said Courts of Common-Pleas may know when their causes are like to come on, and may not, for want of such Knowledge, be obliged to many unnecessary Attendances, to their great Trouble and Prejudice; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

198

aforesaid, That the Clerk of every of the said Courts of Common-Pleas shall, Two Days at the leaf! before the Sitting of the Court wherein he is Clerk, make a List of the several causes depending in such Court in the Order following, viz.

Tryals.

Tryals.

Nihil dicitf,

Fleas in Abatement,

Fleas of all other Sorts, Demurrers,

Demurrers to Evidence,

Special Verdi As,

Tieafom in Arrest of Judgment, Scire facias's,

Alt ions ott Arrest.

> 1 Nihil die its.

Fleas in Abatement,

.2 Fleas of all other Sorts,

Demurrers,

> 0 Demurrers to Evidence,

r *rr< Ojj 1 0 Special Verdicts, h

z Reasons in Arrest rf Judgment,

Bench Actions,

C Oyers,

J-"

s

rt U i-i

Z'Z §

S o

S CO «*-

£ c ts o o

And in making the said Lift the said Clerk shall take care to place all causes according to the Priority of the Time that they have been depending in the said Court; and the said Clerk shall. Two Days at the least before the Sitting of the said Court, set up the said Lift in his Office, or in the said Court-house; and if any Clerk shall fail to make and let up the said Lift in manner afore laid, or in making thereof shall wilfully or designedly place any Cause higher cr lower on the Lift than it ought to be, having regard to the Time each Cause has been depending, upon due Proof thereof before the said Court, such Clerk shall be displaced, and he is hereby for ever rendred uncapable of the said Office, and shall be further liable to answer such Damages as any Person or Persons shall sustain by reason of such Neglect or Misfealance.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Judges and Assistants of the said Courts shall, in the determining of causes, proceed in the Order by the said Lift prescribed, without preferring any Cause to another Handing in the said Lift before it, except only in such Cases where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and the Defendant or Defendants, shall both consent to come to or put off a Tryal, such Consent to be entred upon Record j and likewise except such Cases, where a reasonable and suffi-ci nt Excuse shall be offered to the Court to put off any Cause, such Excuse to be upon Oath in Writing, and the fime to be fifed by the Clerk of the said Court, to the end that the Occasion of putting off such Cause may at all times be known and appear upon Record.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any time it shall so happen, that any of the said Courts of Common-Pleas shall not be able before the Adjournment of the said Court to determine all the causes depending before them, that then and in such case the Judge and Assistants of the said Court shall, at the next ensuing Court, after the Determination of all the Negro Actions depending there, proceed on such part of the Lift where they lelt off the precedent. Court.

And whereas the Chief Judges of the several Courts of Common-Pleas in taxing of Coils do seldom allow so much Colls as the Plaintiffs or Defendants are unavoidably put to in the Prosecution or Defence of their causes; and some of the said Judges do usually tax greater Colls than some others, there being as yet no certain Method established for the fame: Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chief Judges aforesaid, in taxing of Colls in all Jury-Actions, unless it be in some particular Cafe otherwise specially provided for, shall for the future observe the following Method, that is to 8 say.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

*99

say, In all Perioral Actions that are commonly and usually brought, except Addons wherein the Right and Title of Negroes, and other Slaves, or Land come in question, they shall allow Fees for One Council at Taw, and One Attorney; and in all Real and Mixt Addons, and all Personal Actions, which are not commonly and usually brought, but require great Confederation, or wherein the Right and Title of Negroes, or other Slaves, or Land come in question, they shall and may allow Fees for Two Council, and One Attorney the said Fees to be allowed on all and every the Proceedings in the said Caule, according to the Circumstance of each particular Cafe.

Pdfs'd the yth Day of September, 1705.

An Act to repeal certain Clauses man Act, intituled, Aft Act 52 s. to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of-Elections, and appointing who shall be deemed Free-holders^ and be capable of electing, or being elected Representatives, Vestry-men, or to serve as Jurors to try Real Actions within this Island.

An Act concerning the Agents for Solicitation of the Publick 529. Affairs of this Island. Expire.

An Act appointing Commissioners to take an Account of such 10° 53°. Bills as have been issued by Virtue of a late Act of this Ijlaiidy Exp,red-intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish. a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island.

An Act declaring that the Court of Common-Pleas for the Pre-cinEl of St. Michael, St. George, and St. John, 7nay he holden on Wednesday the Twenty sixth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and Jix, and Jo successipely from time to time.

A Supplemental Act to the Act, intituled, An Act appointing E^r°df32-Commissioners to take an Account of such Bills as have *P‘ been issued by Virtue of a late Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want? of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island.

An

200

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

J13° 533- An Act appointing an Oath to he taken by Commanders of

Expired. - o l fr s J

Merchant Ships or other vessels.

WHEREAS by a late A<fl of this Island, bearing Date the Twenty seventh Day of April, One thousand seven hundred, intituled, An Act to secure the peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves To the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them, a certain Oath was appointed to be taken by all Mailers or Commanders of Trading Ships before their Clearance should be granted them to depart this Island; which Act being repealed by Her most Excellent Majesty, by Her Order in Council, bearing Date at the Court at St. James's the Twenty sixth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and six, no Mailer or Commander of any Merchant or Trading Ship or other Vessel can at present be compelled to take the said Oath, or any other Oath, for want whereof the Inhabitants of this Island may be greatly prejudiced in their Interests : For Remedy-whereof, Be it enacted by the Honourable William Sharpe, Esq; President of Her Majesty's Council here, and Commander in Chief of this-and other the Charibbee Island s to Windward of Guar deloupe, the rest of the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, every Mailer or Commander of any Merchant or Trading Ship or other Vessel, that now is at an Anchor in any of the Roads or Harbours of this Island, or that shall hereafter come to an Anchor in any of the said Roads or Harbours, before he is fuflfered to depart this Island shall, before the Secretary of this Island for the time being, take the Oath herein after mentioned, which the Secretary is hereby impo'wered and required to administer, viz.

I A.B. Commander of the Ship or Vessel C. do swear, That 1 will not direct, or indirectly carry off or from this Island any Negro or other Slave, or any White Person whatsoever, in the said Ship or Vessel without a Ticket, first had and obtained, according to the Laws of this Island; and that as often as I break Ground in order to depart this Island, I will make dili-gent Search in the said Ship or Vessel, and if I find any Person or Persons whatsoever on Board without a Ticket, I will imine-diately fend, or cause him, her, or them to he sent on Shore and that whilst I am under Sail upon my Departure from this Island, I will not direct, or indirectly receive on Board the said Ship or Vessel uny Person or Persons whatsoever without a Ticket, with Design to carry him, her, or them from this Island:

So help me God.

And whereas it sometimes happens, that Negroes and other Slaves, as also White Persons, are carried off or from this Island in Her Majesty's Ships or.Vessels of War, without Tickets first had and obtained, according to the Laws of this Island, which cannot be so easily prevented by requiring the Captains or Commanders of the said Ships or Vessels of War to take the Oath 8 hereby

201

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

hereby appointed to be taken by the Masters or Commanders of Merchant or Trading Ships or Vessels : For Remedy therefore of the said Inconvenience, the Governor, President, or other Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, is hereby humbly desired, from time to time, to lend the Secretary of this Island for the time being on Board every Her Majesty's Ships or-Vessels of War that now is in any of the Roads or Harbours of this Island, or that shall hereafter arrive here, to the end the said Secretary, in the Name of the said Governor, President, or Commander in Chief, may desire the Captain or Commander of every such Ship or Vessel of War, not to carry, or suffer to be carried off or from this Island, any Negro or other Slave, or any White Person whatsoever in the said Ship or Vessel of War, without a Ticket fit'll had and obtained, according to the Laws of this Island.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island for the time being, or his Deputy, shall and is hereby obliged to enter and keep in a Book well bound up, the Oath in this Adfc mentioned, to be administtea to all Commanders of Merchant Ships or other Vessels, to which each Person ( after he has taken the fame ) shall subscribe his Name and the Secretary for his Care and Trouble herein, shall receive out of the Publick Treasury of this Island the Sum of Fifteen Pence for each Oath so administred and if the Secretary or his Deputy shall presume directly or indi-redtly to require or demand any other Fee or Fees than what is appointed by this Act, the Laid Secretary, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling to the Party complaining, to be recovered by Complaint before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island, in like manner as in case of Servants Wages.

Pdfs'd the 6th Day of March, 1706.

534-

An Act to discharge the present Guards of the several For^sj^iKfwith Bays, and Batteries within this Island, and to establish a

- other Act pair-

ed, in 1708.

easy Method,

An Act to ascertain the Payment of such Bills as hai)e been if- J®° 535. sued pursuant to a late AB of this Island, intituled, An Act 18^/7/1707. to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island.

W.HERE AS Her most Excellent Majesty Queen Anne hath been graciously pleased by Her Order in Council, bearing Date at Kenfingtott the Twenty first Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and six* to declare Her Disallowance of a late Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Ca fh, and to establish a 'Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island and hath signified Her Royal Will and Pleasure to this Government, that all possible Care be takeri^ and the best Provision made that can be, that such of Her Subjects in this Island who have been obliged to receive such Bills as were appointed to be current by the said Act, and that the Persons to whom any Debts were owing, and have been obliged by the said Act to part with their legal Securities for such Bills, be no Sufferers thereby* but be restored, as far as may be, by some new Law to the same State they were in before the parting the said Act: Wherefore that all due Obedience may be paid to such Her Majesty's Commands, and that equal Right may be done to all Persons concerned. Be it enacted by the Honourable Williatn Sharpe

C 6 Esqj

202

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Esqj President of Her Majesty's Council here, and Commander in Chief of this and other Her Majesty's Charibbee Hlands to Windward of Guardelottpthe rest of the Honourable Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas May cock and William Grant, Ei'quii es, are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners, to do, execute, and perform all and singular the Powers and Authorities in and by this Act mentioned and prescribed, for and towards the paying off, discharging, and cancelling the Bills or Notes commonly called Bank Bills, which have been issued by John Holder Esq; pursuant to the aforesaid Act; And tile said Thomas Maycock and William' Grant shall, within Ten Days after Publication hereof, and before they, or either of them, enter upon the Execution or Performance of any the Powers or Authorities in and by this Act veil, ed in them, give in to the Secretary’s Office of this Island good and sufficient Security, to the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, current Moneyof this Island, each, for the due and honest Execution and Performance of the Trust by this Act reposed in them, the said Security to be approved of by the Commander in Chief of this Island, and Council s and the said Thomas Maycock and William Grant shall, besides the usual Oaths for Persons holding any Office or Trust, take the following Oath 5

I Do Jiwear, That I will in all things, to the heft of my TJn> derjlanding and Judgment, faithfully and impartially execute and perform all the Powers and Authorities vejled in me by an Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to ascertain the Payment of such Bills as have been iHued pursuant to a late Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tomas Maycock and William Grant shall, and are hereby im powered and required to establish and appoint an Office in some convenient Place within the Town of St. Michael, where they, or One of them, shall give their constant Attendance Three Days in every Week, from the Hour of Eight in the Morning to Twelve, and from Two to Five in the Afternoon, for and during the Space of One Year next ensuing the Date hereof, and no more : And the said 71'mss Maycock and William Grant, and every of them, have hereby full Power and Authority, and are strictly required to ask, demand, and receive from all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, all Books, Papers, Bonds, Obligations, Counterparts of Bills, Accounts, Minutes, and other Writings whatsoever, which any ways concern or relate to the Bills or Notes issued by virtue of an Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and io establijl) a Method of Credit for Persons haying Real Estates in this Island; and in case any Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the fame within Two Days after the same shall be required by the said Thomas Maycock and William Grant, or either of them, such Person or Persons shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioners, or either of them, be committed to the Common Gaol of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, file, or they comply with what is required of them.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or either of them, nave hereby full Power and Authority to summon and call before them John Holder Esqj and all and every other Person and Persons who have taken up any Sum or Sums of Money, or who have 8 , given

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

203

given any Evidence to the said John Holder, concerning the Estates of any Persons who have had any Credit of him, and them ftridely to examine upon Oath on any Question or Questions relating to or any ways concerning the Credit given or obtained; and if it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or either of them, that any Person or Persons whatsoever have had larger Credit than by virtue of the Act aforesaid they were entitled to, then and in such case the said Commissioners, or either of them, are hereby obliged to command and require the said Persons, within Twenty Days thereafter, to discharge their said Bonds or Obligations, or give in such further >and better Security lor die' Payment thereof at the time by this Act appointed, as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners; and in case any Person or Persons, being duly summoned, shall refuse to appear, or appearing, shall refuieto answer to any Question which the said Commissioners, or either of them, shall ask relating thereto, or shall neglect to give in such further Security within Inch time, as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners, or either of them, are hereby fully impowered and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit him or them to the Common Goal of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until they comply, as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or either of them, are hereby further impowered and required to issue an Execution or Executions again!! all and every the Estate, both Real and Personal, of every such Person or Persons in whole Hands soever the same shall be found 5 which Estate or Estates shall be levied on and sold at publick Outcry, for and towards Satisfaction of the Bonds or Obligations by him or them entred into at the time of his or their taking up such Credit, as aforesaid, in the same manner as by this Law is appointed for other Executions and Sales at Outcry.

Ats'd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners are hereby fully impowered and required to iuue Execution against John Holder and his Securities, for all and every the Sum or Sums which he has credited any Person or Persons for, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of the late repealed Ad of Credit, where the said Person or Persons shall prove Insolvent; and the said Execution or Executions is and are hereby declared to . have the fame Force, and be as authentick and essential in Law, as any other Execution or Executions which the said Commissioners, or either of them, are impowered to issue by virtue of this Act.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Estate of Inheritance, which any Person or Persons was or were seized or possessed of at the time of his, her, or their entring into any Obligation or Obligations, Bond or Bonds, as aforesaid* whether in Fee-Simple, of Fee-Tail, and which by the said late repealed Ad of Credit was of were bound and obliged for the Discharge thereof, are, and shall be, and remain still bound and chargeable for and towards Satisfaction and Payment of the said Obligations, and every of them, in whose Hands soever the said Estate or Estates shall or may be found, in as full and ample manner as in and by the said repealed Act was mentioned and expressed ,* and the said Bonds or Obligations, and every of them, shall, in respect of Preference to other Debts, be deemed and taken as Judgments at Common Law, recorded on the Eighteenth. Day of June last past j and all Bills of Sale, which shall or may be given by the Marshal or Officer to be appointed for that purpose for any of the Estates aforementioned, shall be deemed and taken in Law a good and - sufficient Title in as ampld Manner andj Form, and of the fame Force and Virtue, that Bills of Sale of Real Estates by the Marshal of the Courts of Common-Pleas in this Island upon their Levies and Outcries are deemed and taken to be.

And be it further enactedfoy the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever have wilfully and corruptly taken^ahy false Oath or Oaths, or fdrfworti themfehres before the said John Holder-y in order to gain to themselves or others more Credit than by the said repealed Act such Persons were

C c 2 entitled

204

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

entitled to, or shall take any false Oath, or forswear themselves before the said Commissioners, or either of them, then in all and every such case such Person or Persons so wilfully and corruptly having forfwoin, or forswearing themselves, being duly convict thereof, shall suffer and incur all such Pains, Forfeitures and Penalties, as any Witness or Witnesses convict of wilful Perjury are or ought to suffer and incur by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, /In /.Iff for the Punish-inent of such Persons as Jloall procure or commit wilful Perjury.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners have hereby full Power and Authority to ask, demand, and require from John Holder, Eiq; and the said John Holder is hereby required and obliged, within Three Months after Publication hereof, to pay, or cause to be paid unto the said Commissioners, or either of them, the full Amount of the Five per Cent, which was received, or appointed to be received by him the said John Holder from any Person or Persons at the time of their taking up any Credit by virtue of the said repealed Act, except only the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island : Which Sum the said John Holder shall and may keep and retain in his Hands as a full Reward and Recompence for his Trouble, Charge and Expences in his Management under the Appointment of the said repealed Ad : And in case the said John Holder shall neglect or le-fuse to pay the same to the Commissioners, or One of them, within the Time aforesaid, then the said Commissioners, or either of them, are hereby obliged and required to iflfue out an Execution or Executions to be levied on all and every the Estate, both Real and Personal, which he the said John Holder was possessed of at the time of Publication of the said repealed Act, or at any time iince } and the said Estate so levied on and attached, shall be sold at publick Outcry for Payment thereof, in such manner as other Effects are appointed to be sold by virtue of this Act j and if there shall not be found Effects of the said John Holder sufficient to satisfy the said Execution, then the said Commissioners, or either of them, are forthwith obliged to commit the said John Plolder to the Common Goal of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until the said Execution shall be fully paid and satisfied.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who have become any ways bound, or have entred into any Obligation or Obligations, Bond or Bonds, unto the said John Holder, for any Sum or Sums of Money, for which they have been severally credited by virtue of the said late repealed Act, shall and are hereby obliged and required to pay unto the said Commissioners, or either of them, the respective Sums of Money for which they are severally bound and obliged, at or before the Expiration of the respective Bonds or Obligations so entred into, as aforesaid j and in case any Person or Persons who have entred into any Bond or Bonds, Obligation or Obligations, as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay, or cause to'be paid, the respective Sums of Money, for which they are severally bound :and obliged, at or before the time:aforesaid, then and in such case the said Commissioners, or either of them, are hereby impowered and required immediately to issue out a Warrant or Execution under his or: their Hand and .Seal, to be directed to such Marshal or Officer as the said Commissioners shall think- fit to appoint, thereby requiring him or them, to attach all or any the Estate of Inheritance, or .other Estate Real, whereof such Person or Persons ar.e or were: actually, seized. at; the time, ofentring, into che said .Obligation or .Obligations, in whose Hands .soever the fame shall, be found > as, ftlfo. all and every the Personal Estate, whereof he, she, or theyfoaff bepoffefled at the tipje, of issuing such Warrant or Execution; and the: fame Estate so-attached.in-pleyen Days after to fell .at publick. Outcry to the .highest Bidder, for and towards Payment and Discharge of the respective Sum or Sums of Money for which such Persons are severally bound arid.pbhged, together with the Charges of Aid iey, and Sale. . ' Provided

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

205

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this'Law, and the said Marshal or Officer is hereby ftridfly enjoyned and required to make diligent Enquiry for, and expose to Sale, all and every the Personal Estate of every Person and Persons against whom any Warrant or Execution shall be iffii-ed, before he shall proceed against any the Real Estate of any Person or Persons whatsoever, which in no Cafe whatsoever shall be made liable but where the Personal Estate shall be found insufficient to satisfy such Warrant or Execution j and in case the said Marshal or Officer shall have reason to believe that any of the Personal Estate of such Person or Persons have been clandestinely concealed or conveyed away with Intent to subject the Real Estate to Sale at publick Outcry, as aforesaid, then the said Marshal or Officer is to cause every such Person or Persons to appear before the said Commissioners, or either of them, who are respectively^ obliged and required to examine every such Person or Persons on Oath in relation thereto 5 and if any such Person or Persons, on Notice given him or them by the Marshal or Officer, shall neglect or refuse to appear before the Commissioners, or either of them, or appearing, shall refuse to answer to such Questions as the Commissioners, or either of them, shall think fit to put to him or them, in order to the Discovery of such Personal Estate suspected to be clandestinely concealed or conveyed, as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners, or either of them, shall commit every such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of this Island, there to remain until they shall comply therewith.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marshal or Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, before he shall be permitted to execute the Trust reposed in him by this Act, shall take the following Oath,

YOU do swear, That you will faithfully and truly do and perform all and singular the Directions and Appointments of an ASi1 of this Island\ intituled, An Act to ascertain the Payment of such Bills as have been issued pursuant to a late' Act of this Hland, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island.

And shall also give in Security in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, current Money of this Island, the same to be approved of by the Commissioners.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums of Three perCent, included in the several and respective Bonds of every Person or Persons who took up any Credit from the said John Holder, and which by the said late repealed Act was" appropriated to the Publick Use, together with such Part of the Five per Cent, as is appointed to be received from John Holder Esq- as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby applied and appropriated to the Paying off such Deficiencies as shall or may happen by means of any Person or Persons having forsworn him, her, or themselves, on the taking up of any Credit by Virtue, of the said repealed Act, as also to the paying such Salaries as are herein appointed for the Chnimissioners and their Clerks; and the Overplus (if any shall be) shall be paid into the Publick Treasury of this Island for the

A!fe. of the Fortifications. 7

r .AND- be:it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and: Persons who are willing to pay off or discharge their Bonds before the .fa,me shall become' due, the said CommissionefS are hereby fully required to . receive the lame, whether it be coined Money,' or Bank Bills sealed and 8 indorsed

iv6 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

indorsed by the Commissioners appointed for that purpose by a late Act of this Island, bearing Date the Third Day of February t One thousand seven hundred and six, and upon Receipt thereof them, and every of them, to acquit, exonerate, and discharge, to all Intents and Purposes, as if no such Bonds or Obligations had ever been entred into and in case the said Commissioners, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to do and perform what is by this Act required of them, then the said Commissioners, or either of them, shall, upon Proof thereof before the Commander in Chief for the time being, Council, and Assembly, by and with their, and every of their Approbation and Consent, be removed from his Place.

A N b be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or either of them, shall happen to die, or depart this Island, or be otherwise legally removed from the Trull aforesaid, the Commander in Chief of this Island, by and with the Concurrence of the Council and Assembly, shall appoint some other fit Person to execute and manage the Trust aforesaid, who is hereby impowered and required to do and execute all and Angular the Powers and Authorities by this Act vested in the fin'd Thomas; Maycock and William Grant, and to enjoy the fame Benefit, in Proportion to the Time he or they shall so remain Commissioner or Commissioners, as is appointed by this Act.

Provide d always. That the Person or Persons so to be nominated do qualify him or themselves for such Service in the same manner as the Commissioners appointed by this Act are obliged to do.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Marshal or Officer to be appointed, as aforesaid, shall. Ten Days before every Sale at Outcry, cause publick Notice thereof in Writing to be set up and affixed on every Churchdoor within this Island, as also in the moll publick and notorious Places in the several Towns of this Island; therein expressing the Particulars and Quantities of the intended Sale, together with the Time and Place when and where the fame is to be, and for what Sum the Execution or Executions issued : And all Sales of Goods, Chattels, and Negroes shall be made at the Town of St. 'Michael, or such other publick Market Town as the Debtor shall appoint and the said Chattels and Negroes shall be fold in Lots in the same manner as is appointed by an Act of this Island, intituled, An Act for the better regulating Outcries in open Market : And hll Lands and Other ponderous Goods which cannot easily or without great Charge be removed to publick Market, and which shall or may be levied on for Satisfaction of any the Bonds or Obligations, as aforesaid, shall be exposed to Sale at the Place where the said Lands or Goods do lie, publick Notice being first given, as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, from whom any Lands, Buildings, Negroes, Goods, or Chattels shall be attached and sold at Outcry, as aforesaid, shall hive the Space of Twenty Days after such Sale allowed him or them for Redemption, the said Debtor paying down the whole Debt, with the Charges accrued thereon'to the time of Redemption j and if any Dispute shall arise concerning the Charges, the fame shall be decided by the Conimifliofiers, or' One oflhetn, driring which said Twenty Days the Goods, Chattels, and Negroes ftihll remain in the Hands of the Marshal or Officer, who is to take particular Care that fib abuse or Imbezilihent thereof be made; and Upon such Redemption Within the Twenty Days, as aforesaid, all and every the Lands, Buildings, Negroes, Goods, and Chattels, so, as aforesaid, levied on and exposed to .publick Outcry, as aforesaid, shall return and be to the said Debtbt under ‘the Tame Title as if such Levy and Outcry had never been made; ariy thing' jri this Ldw, Or any other to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, and m 'frith

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

207

case the Marshal or Officer shall not pass any Bill Or Bills of Sale for the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case any Person or Persons, who shall be the highest Bidder for any Effect or Effects Fo attached, as aforesaid, fin all not within Five Days after the Expiration of the said Twenty Days, pay down in current Money, or Bank Bills, the full Sunt by them bid on such Sale at Outcry* then the said Commissioners, or either of them, are hereby impowered and required to issue an Execution or Executions against all and every die Estate, both Real and Persona], of such Person or Persons, for the full Sum by him bid on such Sale at Outcry, or so much thereof as shall be then unpaid, with an Addition of Twenty per Cent, more, in Proportion for what he has not paid, in the fime manner as is appointed by an Act of this Island establishing the Courts of Common Pleas; which Estate and Estates shall and are hereby made liable to Sale at Outcry in the same manner as other Estates by virtue of any Execution or Executions to be iftlied according to the Appointment of this Act; and in all Payments of any Sum or Sums of Money by any Purchaser or Pu: chafers, the said Marshal or Officer is hereby obliged to receive the liune in Bills or Notes, commcniy called Bank Bills, if they shall be tendred unto him; and the said Marshal or Officer is hereby fully impowered and required, within Five Days after Payment of the Money bid on such S..le at Outcry, by Bill or Bills of Sale, to grant and convey all Lands,' Buildings, and Negroes to such highest Bidder, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for ever which Bill or Bills of Sale duly executed by the said Marshal or Officer, shall be deemed good and valid to all Intents, Purposes, and Constructions Whatsoever, to convey any thie said Lands, Buildings, or Negroes to the Purchaser or Purchasers, their and every of their Heirs, for ever, against all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever. And upon all Outcries and Sales of Chattels, the said Marshal or Officer is to give a Certificate thereof to every highest Bidder; and for his Pains and Trouble herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Officer or Officers to take and receive the like Fees as it is lawful for any the Marflials of the Court of Common-Pleas within this Island to take and receive within his own Precincts, and not otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said IVlar-flial or Officer shall, within Two Days after every Receipt of any Money on such Sales at Outcry, pay the same into the Hands of the Commissionersj or either of them, who are hereby obliged and required, as often as the same shall be paid into his or their Hands, to pay and discharge such Bill or Bills as shall be tendred to him or them; and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who are possessed of any of the said Bills, may, from time to time, have free Recourse to the Books of the said Commissioners, that they may be satisfied whether any Money is in their or either of their Hands.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall be allowed One Clerk to enter all their Proceedings in fair Books by them to be kept for that purpose j which Books, with all and every the Papers and Writings relating to the Execution of the Trust aforesaid, the said Commissioners are to lay before the Commander in Chief of this Island, Council, and Assembly, or either of them, when and as often as they shall be thereunto required f and shall allb, from time to time, settle and ad-just their Accounts with the Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island. "

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and every of them, shall be allowed for their Pains, Trouble, Charge, and Expences, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, and the Sum of Fifty Pounds for their Clerk; which Sum and Sums of Money the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to retain in

their

208

Ihe LAWS of BARBADOES.

their Hands out of the Overplus which shall remain of the Sums of Three per Cent, and such Part of the Five per Cent, as by this Act is appointed to be received from Johp Holder, Esq, after Payment of the Deficiencies which shall happen, as aforesaid. But if there shall not remain in the Hands of the Commissioners a Sufficiency to pay off the said Salaries, then and in such case the same shall be paid out of the Treasury of this Island.

An d. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Bills or Notes, commonly called Bank Notes, shall be loft, burnt, or otherwise casually destroyed, the Person or Persons whose Bill or Bills is or are so loft, burnt, or destroyed, as aforesaid, lh.all, upon making Oath thereof before the said Commissioners, or either of them, of the Date, Number, and Sum of the said Bill or Bills, so loft, burnt, or destroyed, as aforesaid, receive a Certificate thereof j and in case the said Bill or Bills shall not appear before the First Day of January next, then the said Commissioners, or either of them, on the Produce of such Certificate, shall forthwith pay unto such Person or Persons the full Value of the said Bill or Bills, as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners, or either of them, as often as any Bill or Bills shall be paid in to them in Discharge of any Bond or Bonds, as aforesaid, shall and are hereby obliged forthwith to endorse the fame, with the Names of the Persons from whom, and the Day of the Month when received.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon any Execution or Executions issued by the said Commissioners, or either of them, against any Person or Persons who shall make Default of Payment, as aforesaid, no Traverse by Injunction, Writ or Writs of Error, Appeal, or other dilatory Proceedings whatsoever, shall be allowed or admitted unto any Person or Persons whatsoever, whereby the Force of the Execution or Executions may be flayed or prevented.

Pass'dthe 25th Day of April, 1707.'

i£ed36, appointing the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to he paid

1707.8. yearly to his Excellency Mitford Crowe, Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other Her Majestys Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guar-deloupe, &c.

313° 537- An Act for the enabling Thomas Mogridge of this Island Sur-Expued veyor, and all others claiming Power from him, to enjoy the

file Power and Profit of building Purchasi-mills.

313° 538. An Act appointing an Oath to be taken by Executors, Admini Jlrators, and Guardians.

WHEREAS by a late Act of this Island, bearing Date the Twenty seventh Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and two, intituled, An Act to secure the peaceable Toffession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of thew3 a certain Oath was appointed to be .taken by all Executors, Administrators, and Guardians, before Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Letters of Guardianship, should be granted unto them r which Act

being

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

209

being di folio wed of by Her most Excellent Majesty by Her Order in Council, bearing Date at the Court at St. James's the Twenty sixth Day of June, One tiioufand seven hundred and six, no Executor, Administrator, and Guardian, can at present be compelled to take the said Oath, or any other Oath, for want whereof the Inhabitants of this Island may be greatly prejudiced in their Inter-efts : Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Mitford Crowe, Eft;,- Her Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Islands of Barbadoer, Sanfia Lucia, Dominko, St. Vincent, and the rest of the Islands, Colonies, and Plantations in America-, lying and being to Windward of Guar deloupe, which now are, or hereafter shall be under Her Majesty's Subjection and Government, the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, every Executor, Administrator, or Guardian, before he shall obtain Letters Testamentary, Tetters of Administration, or Letters of Guardianship, Shall, before the Secretary of this Island for the time being, take the following Oath, a'hs.

I A.B. do swear, as I am Executor or Executrix of the last Will and left ament of C.D. Administrator or Administratrix of the Goods and Chattels of C. £). or Guardian of the Estate of C.D. (as the Case {halt require) That I will return into the Secretary s Office of this Island a true and full Inventory of all the Estate of C.D. as it comes to my Ha?ids or Possession; and that I will faithfully administer all the said Estate, and he accountable for the fame, and the Profits thereof when thereunto legally required; and that I will not, to the heft of my Skill and Power, suffer any of the said Estate to he fraudulently levied upon and fold, or otherwise disposed of unlawfully, unnecessarily, or at an under Value; and that I will use all lawful Ways and Means to preserve such "Negroes and Slaves as shall come at any time to my Hands or Possession, for the Use and Benefit of the Heir or Heirs at Law, or such Other Person or Persons as shall have a just Right and Title thereto

So help me God.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any married Woman, exclusive of her Husband, is or shall be appointed an Executrix, Administratrix, or Guardian, before Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Letters of Guardianship shall be granted to the Wife, ftie shall take the abovementioned Oath, and also her Husband shall, before the Secretary of this Island for the time being, take the following Oath, viz.

I A.B. do swear, as my Wife is Executrix of the last Will and Testament of C.D. Administratrix of the Goods and Chattels of C.D. or Guardian of the Eft ate of C.D. (as the Case shall require) That I will cause my said Wife to return into the Secretary s Office of this Island, a true and full Inventory of all

D d the

210

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

the Eft ate of the said C.D. as it comes to Her or my Hands or Poffi ssion; and that I will faithfully administer all the said Eft ate, and be accountable for the fame, and the Profits thereof when thereunto legally required; and that I will not, to the heft of my Skill and Power, suffer any of the said Eft ate to be fraudulently levied upon and fold, or otherwise disposed of unlawfully, wmeceffarily, or at under Value; and that / will life all lawful Means and Ways to preserve such Negroes and Slaves as shall come at any time to my Hands or Possessm, for the Use and Benefit of the Heir or Heirs at Law, or such other Person or Persons as shall have a just Right and Title thereto:

IVhi ch several Oaths the Secretary of this Ifl.md for the time being is hereby impowered to administer to all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who by virtue of this present Act, is, are, or shall be obliged to t.;ke the fame respectively.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Woman residing within this Island, that is or shall be appointed an Executrix, Administratrix, or Guardian, shall, after the ilfuing of Getters testamentary, I.etters of Administration, or Getters of Guardianship, marry, the Husband, within Twenty Days after the Intermarriage, shall, before the Secretary of this Island for the time being, take the Oath appointed to be taken by the next immediately foregoing Clause of this Act \ and in case the said Hui-band shall refuse or neglect ro take the said Oath within the time hereby limited for that Purpose, the said Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Letters of Guardianship, as far as concerns the said Husband and Wife, shall, during the Coverture between them, cease, determine, and become utterly void, to all Intents, Construtftions, and Purposes in the Law whatsoever.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island for the time being is hereby authorized and requited, within Sis Days after the Publication of this Act, to iftiie Summons to all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who, flnee the Repeal of the above mentioned Act was published in this Island, and before the Publication of this present Act, have obtained, or shall obtain any Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Letters of Guardianship, thereby requiring all the said Persons, within Ten Days after due Notice thereof, to appear before him, and theie-tipon to tender to every such Person respectively, the several Oaths above-mentioned, as the Case shall require; and the said Secretary is hereby impew-ered to demand and receive of every Person thereupon summoned, the Sum of Five Shillings for such Summons; and the Provost Marshal to demand and receive the Sum of Five Shillings, for Service of such Summons, from every Party served therewith j and in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall refuse or neglect to appear before the said Secretary pursuant to the said Summons, or appearing, shall refuse to take the Oath hereby required, in either of the said Cafes, the Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Letters of Guardianship, granted to every such Person so, as aforesaid, refusing or neglecting to appear, or refusing to take the said Oath, so far as concerns the said Offender or Offenders, shall cease, determine, and become utterly void, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes in the Law whatsoever.

Pass'd the i ft Day of November, 1707.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

211

An Act to encourage the Inhabitants of this Island to advance a Sum of Money for the immediate Support and Defence of this Island.

An Act for the Removal of the Provisions that are in the several Towns of this Island out of the said Towns into the Country.

An Act for the Encouragement of such Negroes and other Slaves that shall behave themselves couragiously against the Enemy in time of Invasion.

Forasmuch as there are many Negroes and other Slaves in this KLnd, who are worthy of Tract and Confidence to be reposed in them, and therefore may be of great Service to this Island, should the fame be invaded : To the end therefore that Encouragement may be given for every Negro or other Slave to behave themselves couragiously against the Enemy, Be it enacted by his Excellency Mitford Crowe, Esqj Captain General and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guardeloupe, the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That every Negro or other SLve within this Island, who in time of Invasion by Her Majesty's Enemies, or other Attempt to be made on this Island, shall engage and couragiously behave himself in time of Battle, so as to kill any One of the Enemy, the said Negroes or other Slaves, and every of them, upon due Proof thereof made before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island, by the Oath of Two credible White Men, shall be and are hereby respectively declared Free-men to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be deemed and held absolutely free from all future Slavery towards his Matter and Mistress from and immediately after such Proof to be made in manner aforesaid.

And to the end that the Owners of every such Negro or other Slave, who shall gain their Freedom, by virtue of this A<5fc, may receive a full Recompence for the Loss which they shall sustain thereby. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Negro or other Slave who shall happen to be set free by this Act, shall be valued and appraised on Oath by Two of the neighbouring Free-holders to the Place where the Owners of such Negroes or Slaves live, before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island; which Justice of the Peace shall give a Certificate of the Value to the Owner or Owners of such Negroes or Slaves, who are to produce the fame :o his Excellency, and thereupon his said Excellency, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, is humbly desired to issue his Order or Orders on the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, forthwith to pay the same out of the Duty of Excise on Strong Liquors j and in case it shall so happen, that at the time of the iflliing of such Orders, there shall not be Money sufficient in the Treasury to discharge the fame, then upon the Treasurer’s certifying the fame on the Back of each Order or Orders, the respective Owners thereof shall be allowed Interest at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Cent, per Annum, from the time of the Date of the said Certificate, until the full Value of every such Negro or other Slave shall be paid and satisfied.

15° 539*

Expired.

J13° 540-

Exp'red.

IE° 541.

And

212

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

313° 542.

Expired.

113° 543-

Expired.

313° 544.

Expired.

313° 545*

Perpetual.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negroes or other Slaves, at the time of Invasion or Appearance of the Enemy, shall happen to be killed, the Owner or Owners of such Negroes or other Slaves shall be paid the full Value of every such Negro or other Slave out of the Publick Treasury of this Island j which Value shall be set by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island, who is hereby required to give a Certificate thereof to the Owner or Owners of such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves; upon which Certificate his Excellency, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, is humbly desired to issue his Order or Orders for Payment thereof 5 any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Pass’d the 30th of November, 1707.

An Act to zmpovoer his Excellency Mitford Crowe, Esq; to bn-prefsj or take up all such things as shall he necessary for the Defence of this If and at this JunBure.

An Act for the Collection of the late Six Bits Tax in the Parish of St. Thomas.

An Act for laying an Impoftion on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this Island, to raise Money for carrying on the Fortification j for Payment of such Officers as shall be imployed here at the Publick Charge; and for such other Publick Services as are herein appointed.

An Act appointing a Committee for settling the publick Accounts of this Ifand; and appointing the Officers Salaries of the Treasury and Exc'tfe on Strong Liquors.

WHEREAS several Publick Debts due to the Country remain unpaid and unsettled, to the great Hindrance and Retarding the completing the Fortifications and other Conveniencies tending to the Good, Safety, and Welfare of this Place and People : It is therefore enacted by his Excellency Milford Crowe Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Barbadoes, Sanffa Lucia, Dominico, St. Vincent, and the rest of Her Majesty's Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guardeloupe, which now are, or hereafter shall be under Her Majesty's Subjection or Government, the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Pat. Mein, Thomas Alleyne, John Hallett, and John Colleton, Esquires, Members of Her Majesty's Council, the Honourable Richard Downes, Thomas Maxwell, Thomas Maycock, William Grant, Thomas Beckles, and Edmund Sutton, Esqs; Members of the Assembly, or any Six of thern (whereof One of the Members of the Council, if present, to be Chairman; and if none of the Members of the Council do appear, then the next Person nominated of the Assembly, and present, to preside) are hereby authorized and appointed a Committee S for

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

215

for examining all the Publick Accounts of this Island, and all other Accounts* Matters, and Things relating to the Treasury or Stores of the Magazine, which have or shall come to the Hands or Custody of any Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, which are or shall be unsettled : "Which Paid Committee shall also account with any Treasurer or Treasurers, their Deputy and Deputies^ and every of them, their Executors and Administrators.

Provided always, That no Member of the Council or Assembly, who have any Accounts depending to be adjusted by the said Committee, shall act as a Member thereof on the Adjustment of their own Accounts 5 and whatsoever the said Committee shall, from time to time, do therein, they shall every Two Months, or oftner (if required) report, ’viz. the Members of the Committee chosen by the Governor and Council, to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, and Council, and those chosen by the Assembly to the Assembly for the time being.

And it is further enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Committee have hereby full Power and Authority to grant Execution against any Person or Persons whatsoever, their Executors, Administrators, or Attorneys, that are any ways indebted, as aforesaid, and to command all Books of Accounts, or Writings of any Debtor or Debtors before them, whereby Proof or Discovery may be made of any such Debt or Debts, so due to the Publick, and to administer Oaths to any Person or Persons whatsoever, as Witnesses for manifesting the Truth; and in all these Particulars to have full Authority to call before them all Persons, Papers, and Records j and upon Contempt, Neglect, or Refusal of any Person or Persons to appear upon any Summons font the said Committee, to punish with Imprisonment.

Provided always, That the said Committee have a special Regard to poor Debtors, as also such Persons as have lost their Receipts, and can, by reasonable Circumstances, make it appear they have at any time paid such Sum or Sums of Money which they are charged to be in Arrear.

Provi ded also. That every Receiver and Receivers of any Levy or Tax by any Act or Acts made in or since the Year of our Lord, One thousand six hundred and eighty, and that have not already accounted, be (till accountable to this Committee for any Sum or Sums for which they may justly stand chargeable.

And whereas great Partiality hath been heretofore practised, both in the issuing and Payment of Orders drawn on the Treasurers of this Island, to the Destruction of the Publick Faith; and to the end equal Right may be done to all Persons, and that the Assembly may know how the State of the Publick Revenue Hands, that they may, from time to time, raise such further Supply, as Her Majesty's Service, and the Necessity of this Island, shall require : Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary or Clerk of the Council for the time being shall hereafter keep a Book, wherein only shall be en-tred all such Orders as shall be passed by the Governor, or Commander in Chief, with the Consent of the Council for the time being, for any Monies to be paid out of the Publick Treasury, therein mentioning to whom payable, and for what such Order is drawn, with the Date thereof and Number j which Book shall be laid open for the Inspection of the Clerk of the Assembly, and Clerk of the Committee of Publick Accounts, who are hereby impowered and required to take Copies thereof at all or any time or times, on such Days and Hours as the Secretary’s Office is regularly open.-

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders that shall be passed for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, when passed, shall be paid in Course, according to the Priority of their respective Dates; excepting such Orders as shall be for the extraordinary, immediate, and emergent Service of the Country. And to the end no Mistake may be made, the

Secretary

£14

the LAWS of BARBADOES.

Secretary is hereby required, under the Penalty of forfeiting One hundred Pounds, to number every Order, and deliver to the Treasurer, or his Order, as often as demanded, - a Schedule of the Number of such Orders, from time to time, after the Palling thereof, to beset up in a Table for publick View at the TreTurer’s Office.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever any Petition for Money shall be put into the Hands of the Clerk of the Aflem-bly for the time being, or his lawful Deputy, to be laid before the Assembly, he shall forthwith indorse his Name on the Back thereof, and date the fame on the very Day of the Receipt thereof and each Petition shall be read and passed, or referred to a Committee to be examined, or be rejected, before any other Petition of a later Date; and if the Committee to which such Petition shall be preferred, shall report any Sum of Money due to the Petitioner or Pe-tioners, and the fame be approved of by the House, it shall then be passed without any manner of Delay; and the Person officiating as Secretary or Clerk of the Council for the time being, shall in like manner indorse his Name on all Addresses from the Assembly for Money, and date them on the very Day of the Receipt thereof respectively; and each Address is to be read and passed by the Governor and Council, or Commander in Chief and Council, or disallowed before any Address of a later Date; and in case the Secretary, Clerk of the Council, or Clerk of the Assembly for the time being, shall not perform the Duty by this Act required of him or them, he or they shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money; and in case the Treasurer for the time being shall pay any such Order for Money of a later Date before any other Order of a prior Date (except as before excepted) he shall be obliged to pay on Demand all such Orders of a prior Date, or the Party or Parties grieved, on Complaint to the next Justice of the Peace, shall recover the fame, as in case of Servants Wages, and the Treasurer’s own proper Estate shall be liable to make Satisfaction of every such Recovery.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Committee, or any other Committee of Publick Accounts for the future, shall presume, on accounting with any Treasurer of this Island, from and after the Publication of this Act, to pass or allow any other Order or Orders to the Credit of any Treasurer or Treasurer’s Account or Accounts, but only such as shall be regularly issued and paid, according to their respective Numbers, in Course, and the Priority of their Dates ( except as before excepted ) in all such Cases the said Committee or Committees, or as many of them as shall consent thereto, are hereby respectively made liable to the Forfeiture of the full Value of every such Order or Orders so given Credit for.

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Treasurer or Treasurers is and are hereby ftribtly enjoyned, where the Publick appears justly indebted to any private Person or Persons, by an Order regularly obtained, to discount so much of the said Order as the Tax or Taxes that the Owner or Owners of such Order or Orders, or any of them, are, in their own Right only, assessed by such Publick Tax or Levy, notwithstanding the said Order or Orders of such Person or Persons do not come in Course regularly to be paid; excepting only the Duty of Excise on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this Island.

And whereas it is manifest, great Cornells and Divisions have frequently arisen on the annual Nomination or Election of the Publick Treasurer of this Island, and the Officers of the Excise, which, in some Measure, is owing to the great and unproportionable Profit and Advantage arising by the said Trulls or Offices : To the end therefore that it may be certainly known and appointed what Salary the Officers that shall be elected for the future are to have and receive, JJe jt enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That, no Treasurer or Treasurers of this Island, that shall be hereafter elebled, shall be allowed for his or their

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

their Salary more than after the Rate of Five hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, per Annum; which Sum shall be deemed and adjudged a full Reward and Recompence for his or their acting in the said Office, and faithfully discharging the Trust of Treasurer in every respect, as hath been done heretofore, or which ought to have been done by any former Treasurer or Trea-iiirers of this Island, or which shall be mentioned or prescribed by any future Law or Laws to be made in this Island : And all Comptrollers of the Excise, which for the future shall be nominated and elected, shall be allowed for his or their Salary no more than the Sum of Eighty Pounds per Annum, as a full Reward and Recompence for his or their acting in the said Office, and faithfully discharging the Trusts of Comptroller in every respect, as in and by the said Act of Excise is or shall be mentioned or prescribed.

Provided always, That such Treasurer or Treasurers, Comptroller or Comptrollers, be annually nominated by the General Assembly of this Island, and approved of by the Governor and Council or Commander in Chief and Council for the rime being; and in case the said Treasurer or Comptroller should be othevwife appointed, then and in such case the Salary appointed, as aforesaid, to cease and become void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; And all other Suboi'dinate Officers to the Excise shall have and be allowed the Sum of One hundred thirty three Pounds, Six Shillings, and Eight Pence, to be equally distributed amongst them by the Treasurer , which said Sum of Five hundred Pounds for the Salary of the Treasurer, and the Sum of Eighty Pounds for the Salary of the Comptroller, as also the Sum of One hundred thirty three Pounds, Six Shillings, and Eight Pence, to be divided among the Subordinate Officers of the Excise, shall not be exceeded for the future on the Treasurer’s accounting with the Committee of the Publick Accounts for the several Salaries aforesaid; and if the said Committee, upon any Pretence whatsoever, shall presume to pass or allow any further or greater Sum than is limited and appointed by this Act, they, or so many of them as shall consent thereto, shall be respectively liable to the Forfeiture of so much Money as shall be by them allowed and passed over and above such Appointments.

And forasmuch as it hath been practicable by Treasurers heretofore to refute Payment of Orders on them, under Pretence only that they had no Money in the Treafm y : To the end therefore that such Abuses may be rectified for the future, and that all Merchants, Traders, and other Persons, that shall have any Dealing with the Publick, may be apprised of what Money comes into the Treasury for the Payment of Orders in Couffe according to their Number and Priority of their Dates; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present Treasurer, and all future Treasurers, from and immediately after the Publication of this Act, shall, on the First Monday in every Month succes-fively, faithfully publish and fee up at the Custorii-house in St. Michael's Town, and at the Treasurer’s and Secretary’s Office, an Account of the gross Sums of Money received, and in like manner of the gross Sums of Money paid oh every distinct Fund or Tax whatsoever uncollected, that have or shall be raised on the Inhabitants of this Island, and shall at the Bottom thereof mention the last Order paid by the Treasurer, its Number and Date, in like manner as is practised in England by Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer,- and the Treasurer or Treasurers that shall fail of his or their Duty herein, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Member or Members of the Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island, who are or shall be Members of the Council, shall happen to die, or depart this Island, or be suspended from the Council, then other Member or Members of the Council shall be elected into his or their Place or Places in the said Committee j and in like manner if any Member or Members of the Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island, who are or shall be Members

216

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

of the General Assemby, shall happen not to be elected into the Assembly upon any Election of Assembly-Men for the future, such Member or Members shall cease to be any longer a Member or Members of that Committee - and the Assembly for the time being shall elect another Member or Members ci that Committee into his or their Place or Places.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall detain any of the publick Papers, Writings, or Accounts, belonging to the said Committee, in their Custody, and wilfully refuse or neglect to deliver them, then the Chair-man of the said Committee shall have Power, and is hereby fully authorized to command any such Papers, Writings, or Books of Accounts, to be delivered up unto him the said Chair-man; and on such Refusal, or neglecting so to do, the said Chair-man, with the Advice and Consent of the Majority of the said Committee, is hereby impowered to commit such Person or Persons, so refuling or neglecting, to the Common Goal of this Island, there to remain until he, she, or they conform thereto.

And be it further enacted by the Authority afore ft id, That the said Committee are hereby impowered to appoint a Clerk and Marshal, to attend, summon, and execute their lawful Orders and Executions in keeping the Accounts, and Prosecution o( the PremifTes; and that the Clerk be allowed for his Salary Fifty Pounds current Money per Annum, and the Marshal the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Annum, to be paid Half-yearly out of the Publick Treasury aforesaid; and the said Clerk, before he be admitted to execute such Office, shall give Security in a Bond of Five hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, to the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, and his Successors, with Two good and sufficient Securities, for the safe keeping and preserving the Books of Accounts of this Island, which shall be delivered into his Custody, and entrusted with him, as also for the faithful Execution and Performance or his Duty as Clerk to the said Committee.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Member of the Committee of Accounts shall absent himself, and not attend his Duty at the said Committee according to Adjournment, without lawful Excuse, such Member so neglecting his Duty, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Chair-man of the said Committee for the time being, towards the Expence and Entertainment of the said Committee $ and the Chair-man of the said Committee is hereby impowered and required to issue Execution against such Defaulter, directed to any Constable, to be levied for as in case of Servants Wages.

And whereas it is thought reasonable that the Expences of the said Committee for their Accommodation at all times during their immediate Service of the Publick, be born at the Publick Charge : Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds current Money per Diemi and no more, be allowed and paid out of the Publick Treasury for the Accommodation of the said Committee during their actual Sitting in the said Service.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby to Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors, to be appropriated as follows, •viz. the one Moiety or Half part thereof to and for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and the other Moiety or Half part to the Informer, and to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Member of the Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island, shall, before he enter upon such Office, take the following Oath, •viz.

I A. B.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

217

I A.B. do swear, as I am, by virtue of an A81 of this island, appointed a Member of the Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this island, That I will, to the heft of my Knowledge and Judgment, discharge the said Duty of a Member of the said Committee j and that I will not wittingly or willingly commit, or suffer to be committed, to the befi of my Power, any Wrong, Fraud, or Injujlice in settling the said Publick Accounts, or discharging the said Truji; and I will impartially a8l in my said Truji without Favour or AffeBion, Envy, Hatred or Malice towards any Person or Persons whatsoever

So help me God.

Which Oath shall be taken before the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being - who is hereby humbly desired to administer the same. And the Clerk appointed by virtue of this Adh; shall, before life be admitted to that Trust, take the following Oath, ‘viz.

I A.B. do swear, as 1 am appointed Clerk of the Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this island. That I will Carefully and hone fly, to the bejt of my Skill and Knowledge, take the said Accounts, and safely preserve the Books and Papers that concern the fame; and that I will secretly and faithfully, in all RespeBs, discharge the said Duty and Truji.:

So help me God.

And the Marshal to the said Committee shall, to qualify him for the executing that Office, first take the following Oath, <viz.

I A.B. do swear, as I am appointed Marshal to attend the Committee for settling the Publick Accounts, That I will duly execute all Writs and lawful Orders directed to me, or required from me by the said Committee; and that I will faithfully in all RespeSls whatsoever, to the best of my Power and Underst ending, discharge the aforesaid Truji

So help me God.

Which Oaths hereby prescribed for the said Clerk and Marshal, the Chair-man of the said Committee is, by the Authority aforesaidj required and im powered to administer.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts and Laws heretofore made touching or concerning the settling or stating the Pub-

E e lick

Sl8

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

B° 54& Expired with the War.

30° 547-

Confirmed 18 tiovem. 1709.

lick Accounts of this Island, be and stand repealed from and after the Publication of this Act.

Pass-’d the 16th Day of April, 1708.

An Act to discharge the present Guards of the several Forts, Bays, and Batteries within this Islandand to establish a more easy Method for the same.

An Act for holding a Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, General Goal Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace in this Island.

WHERE AS it is found necessary for the Peace and good Government of this Island, and for the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants, that there should be held, in every Six Months, a Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, General Goal Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace; Be it therefore enacted and ordained; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by his Excellency Mitford Crowe, Esq- Captain General and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Council, and the General Assembly of this Iflmd, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof, once in Six Months successively, that is, upon the Second Tuesday in every Month of June, and upon the Second Tuesday in every Month of December successively, shall be held, in or near the Town of St. Michael, a Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, General Goal Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace, by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, the Honourable the Members of the Council, the Judges, and Justices of the Peace; in which Sessions the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, shall preside as Chief Justice; and all the Proceedings at the said Court shall be had according to the Laws and Statutes of that part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, heretofore called the Kingdom of England, and according to the Statutes of this Island.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen, that the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being should not think fit to fit in the said Court, that then and in such case the Person first named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer shall preside in the said Grand Sessions as Chief Judge 5 which Commission of Oyer and Terminer shall be issued under the Great Seal of this Island by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, as shall likewise the Commission of Gaol Delivery, and Commission of the Peace.

And for the more regular holding the said Sessions, The Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, by and with the Advice of his Council, shall give Notice to all and every the Inhabitants by his Precept or Writ, directed to some one Member of the Council residing in each Parish; but if it happen that no Courtfellor dwell therein, then to some one Tuft ice of the Peace in every Parish, to be published in the several Parish Churches within this Island Three several Sundays before the holding of the fame - which said Counsellor or Justice of the Peace shall therein be required in Her Majesty's Name to appoint, nominate, and summon Six good and lawful Men of the most able and substantial Freeholders of the said Parish, being such as are not of the Assembly, or immediately in the Commission as Field Officers, at the

Time

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

219

Time and Place nominated and published when and where it is to, be holden, to repair to the said Sessions, and there give their Attendance, to do such Services in Her Majesty's behalf as shall be then and there required of them, and thence not to depart till they be discharged by the Paid Court; out of which Free-holders so to be returned, as aforesaid. Juries shall be appointed in Court to serve at the said Sessions, and the Return of the said Jurors, as aforesaid, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as good and sufficient in the Lav/, as if they had been returned by any other Person or Persons, or in any other manner whatsoever and the said Counsellors or Justices shall make their several Returns of the Free-holders, fb nominated, appointed, and summoned by them to the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, Seven Days at least before the Sitting of the said Sessions, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Fifty Pounds Sterling to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Justices of the Peace, Coroners, and other Officers, before whom any Matters of Life and Death shall come, or Recognizances, Inquests, Depositions, Examinations, or other Writings relating to the Sessions, be made or taken, shall fend the same to the Clerk of the Crown, or his lawful Deputy, Ten Days at least before the said Sessions, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling to the Use of Her Majesty, upon Proof thereof made before the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being j and the Offender or Offenders herein to stand committed by Warrant from the said Governor or Commander in Chief, till the said Forfeiture or Forfeitures are paid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever of Her Majesty's said Justices, Coroners, and other Officers, or other Persons summoned as Jury-men, or who ought to give their Attendance at the said Sessions, shall fail in their Attendance, according to their several Duties, or neglect to appear being called, or depart from the said Sessions during the Sitting of the fame, without Leave for his or their so doing, shall be fined Five Pounds Sterling, to the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons bound oyer to prosecute any Person or Persons whatsoever at the said Sessions, shall. Seven Days at least before the said Sessions, apply themselves to Her Majesty's Attorney General, or to Her Majesty's Council at Law, or to the Clerk of the Crown, in order to carry on the said Prosecutions, and shall give the fullest and best Information they can of the several Matters and Crimes by them to be prosecuted, to the end that Bills of Indictments, or Informations, as the several Cafes shall require, may be in due time prepared; and every Person bound over to prosecute, who shall fail herein, shall forfeit to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, the Clerk of the Crown, or his lawful Deputy, shall, within Three Weeks after the End of every Sessions, certify and return to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, and into Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, a full and particular Account of all Fines, Forfeitures, and Estreats at the said Sessions, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Five Pounds Sterling on the said Clerk of the Crown for every Fine, Forfeiture, and Recognizance ordered to be estreated, which he shall not return, as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That the.incident Charges of each Sessions, as to the Entertainment of the Court and Jurors (not exceeding in any Session the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling ) shall be paid out of Her Majesty's casual Revenue arising in this Island; such Payment to be made by the cafuai Receiver for the time being, on an Order from the Governor or Commander in Chief, by and with the AlTent of the Council.

And

220

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, intituled, An Act concerning the General Sessions, bearing Date the Seventh Day of September, One thousand six hundred ninety eight, and all and every the Branches, Clauses, Penalties, and Provisoes therein contained, shall hence-forwards be altogether void to all Intents and Purposes, excepting only such part of the said Act whereby Two former Acts are repealed, which Clause of Repeal is ffill to continue in Force; any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Taft'd the nth Day of May, 1708.

313° 548. A Supplemental Act to an Act intituled, An Act to ascertain Expired. the Payment of such Bills as have been issued pursuant to the late Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island.

313° 549. A Supplemental Act to the Act, intituled, An Act for Col-Expired. ledtion of the Six Bits Tax in the Parish of St Thomas.

313° 550. An Act for the Encouragement of such ax shall entertain tie Perpetual. Gentlemen of the Committee of the Publick Accounts of this Island.

WHEREAS by an Act bearing Date the Twenty sixth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and eight, appointing a Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island, i'. is, amongst other things, appointed, That the Gentlemen of the said Committee for settling the Publick Accounts of this Island, shall be entertained at the Publick Charge of the Island, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Day while they are fitting about the Publick Affairs; but therein no Provision is made how any Person shall be paid who shall accommodate the said Committee : Wherefore be it enacted by his Excellency Mitford Crowe Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, that now are, or hereafter shall be under Her Majesty's Subjection and Government, the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, and he is hereby required, once in every Month, to pay off all such Accounts as shall be presented to him for entertaining the Committee of Publick Accounts of this Island (out of any the Publick Money in his Hands, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Day for every time the said Committee shall fit) upon a Certificate under the Hands of the said Committee, or the major part of them, without any further Order or Ceremony whatsoever; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Tass'd the nth Day of May, 1708.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

221

An Act to raise a Levy on the several Inhabitants of this 512°

If and ExpiKd

An Act to prohibit the Inhabitants of this Island from 312°.55? imploying their Negroes or other Slaves in felling or bartering.

WHEREAS sundry Persons do daily fend their Negroes and other Slaves to thefeveral Towns in this Iflind, and other Places, to sell and dispose of all forts of Quick Stock, Corn, Fruit, Pulse, and other things, under colour of which they traffrck among th.emfeives, and buy, receive, and dispose of all forts of stolen Goods, to the great Damage of the Inhabitants of this Place

For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent poor People and Servants may not want Employment and Encouragement, Be it enacted by his Excellency Mit-ford Crowe El’qj Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guardeloupe, the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall lend or imploy any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, in felling, bartering, or disposing of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stock, Poultry, Corn, Fruit, Roots, or other EfTebts or Things whatsoever, to any Person or Persons whatsoever : And if any White Person whatsoever shall be found buying of, or battering with any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, any of the before enumerated Goods or Commodities, or any other Thing or Things whatsoever, he or (lie shall, for each Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds current Money of this Wand, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors, for the Use of the Informer, to be recovered by Complaint upon Oath to the next Justice of the Peace (who is hereby impowered and required to administer the same) And if such White Person shall not be able to pay his or her Fine, in such case he or she shall receive One and twenty Lashes on the bare Back by Order of the said Justice before whom such Complaint shall come.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, who shall be found felling or bartering any the beforemenfioned Goods or Commodities, shall have and receive, by Order of any Justice of the Peace, One and twenty Stripes on his or her bare Back, upon. Proof thereof made by any White Person.

Provided, That this Act do not extend to prevent any Negroes or other Slaves from felling any Stock or other things to his, her, or their Master, Mi-stress, Chief Overseer, or Manager, or to prevent any Negroes or other Slaves from felling Milk, Horse-meat, or Fire-wood to any Person or Persons whatsoever.

Provided also, That all such Negroes and other Slaves who are employed in felling Milk, Horse-meat, or Fire-wood, shall have, at all such times that he, she, or they are felling the fame, a metal’d Collar locked about his, her, or their Neck or Necks, Leg or Legs, with the Name of his or her Master or Mistress engraved thereon, and the Name of the Parish wherein they live, and also the Name of the Person who made such Collar.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person or Persons shall undertake to go with any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or shall by any means suffer him or her self to be procured to go with any Negro or other Slave, to dispose of any Goods whatsoever, without the

Consent

222

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Consent of the Owner of fitch Negro or Slave, such White Person or Persons, upon Proof thereof before the next Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay, for the first; Offence, Twenty Shillings current Money to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to and for the Use of the Informer, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages; and for want of Payment thereof, he or she shal), by Order of the Justice before whom such Complaint is made, receive One and twenty Lashes on his or her bare Back s and for every Conviction afterwards of the like Offence, he or she shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds current Money to Her Majesty for the Use aforesaid, or be punished by receiving One and twenty Lashes on the bare Back.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume to make any such Collars for Negroes Necks or Legs, as aforesaid, whereby any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, may have the Custody or keeping of them, contrary to his, her or their Matter’s or Mistress’s Knowledge or Consent, upon due Proof by the Oath of One or more creditable Witnesses, or the Party’s own Confession before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island, the said Justice shall issue his Warrant or Warrants against each and every such Offender for Ten Pounds current Money, to be levied as in case of Servants Wages to Her Majesty for the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the Party guilty shall stand committed until the fame be paid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons inhabiting this Island, being Owner or Possessor of any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, shall permit such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, to go at large, and hire out him, her, or themselves to any Person or Persons, or follow any Trade, Occupation, or Calling, and receive the Profits thereof to him, her, or themselves, or rendring to his or her said Master or Mistress, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever for their Use, a Daily, Weekly, or Monthly Sum of Money, or any other Income, or any manner of Gratuity whatsoever, every such Person, so suffering such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, to go at large, or hire him, her, or themselves, as aforesaid, for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money for each Negro or other Slave, upon Conviction thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or the Party’s own Con-fession before the Two next Justices of the Peace, to the Party complaining, to be recovered by Warrant from the said Justices as in case of Servants Wages, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the one Half to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and the other to the Informer j and shall, by the said Justices, be obliged to give Security in the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money, that the said Negro, or any other of his Negroes or Slaves, shall not for the future commit, by his Consent, the aforesaid Crime, and he, fine, or they, shall stand committed until they perform the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person or Persons shall employ any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, without agreeing for them with the Owner, or such Person as shall be in lawful Possession of them, upon due Proof thereof made, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money to the same Uses, and to be recovered after the same manner as is before expressed and mentioned in case of any Persons letting their Negroes go at large and hire out themselves.

And whereas the Inhabitants of this Island do often put Hooks and Rings, or Collars, round their Negroes Necks and Legs that absent themselves and run away from their Matters or Mistresses Service, the better to distinguish them, so that hereby they may he apprehended and brought home : And whereas of late some Persons have, and do often take off such Hooks and Rings, by which means they fare not known, and thereby keep out much longer from their Mailer’s and Mistress’s Service,to their great Detriment and Damage: For Prevention

223

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

vention of which, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any White Person or Persons shall take off any Pot-hook, Ring, or Collar from any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves Neck or Necks, Leg or Legs, without Leave of their Master, Mistress, or Overseer, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be paid to the Owner of such Negro or other Slave from whole Neck or Legs any Pot-hook, Ring, or Collar shall be taken, as aforesaid, due Proof thereof being made before any of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or the Party’s own Confession, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages; and in case any Negro or Negroes shall be found guilty thereof, such Negro or Negroes shall receive Forty Lashes on his or her bare Back by Order of any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace.

And whereas many Huckfters and other Persons in this Island have, notwithstanding the Forfeitures and Penalties of several Law's heretofore made against the trading with Negroes, still cunningly held and privately carried on a private Correspondence with them, and thereby very much encouraged Thefts and Robberies, to the great Damage of many of the Inhabitants of this Island t And whereas it is impossible altogether to discourage and find out such evil Pradliees, without there be some fit Persons appointed todiscover, make known, and prosecute all such Persons, as aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within Twenty Days after the Publication of this Act, the Clerk of the Markets of this Island shall, and is hereby required to hire annually Two able Men, who shall be allowed and paid out of the Publick Treasury of this Island, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds current Money of this Island each per Annum and such Persons, so to be appointed, shall have full Power and Authority to apprehend any Negro or Negroes that come into the said Town to sell or dispose of any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, without being licens’d as aforesaid, either by having some White Person with them, or a metal’d Collar on his Neck or Leg; and shall also diligently inspect the Tip-ling-houses, Huckftering Shops, Markets, and all other suspected Places Within or near the said Town; and in case they, or either of them, shall find or know of any White Person or Persons that shall trade, barter, or any ways deal with any Negro or Negroes, they shall proceed against such Person or Persons as before in this Act is appointed, and in like manner against all Negro and Negroes. And for the more strict Performance of the Duty required of the Persons to be appointed, as aforesaid, they shall, before they enter upon their Office, appear before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace within the Town aforesaid, and take the following Oath, viz.

I A.B. do sincerely promtfe and swear, That I will diligently and carefully perform the Duty required of me by an Act of , this Island, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Inhabitants of this Island from, employing their Negroes and other Slaves in Selling or Bartering: And I will use my utmost Endeavours to discover and make known all such Person and Persons that shall any ways deal or trade with Negroes or other Slaves: And as often as I shall discover or know of Any such, I will inform One of Her Majesty s Justices of the Peace thereof, and will prosecute all such Person or Persons to the utmost of my Power

So help me God.

And

224

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice of the Peace within this Island ( the Members of Her Majesty's Council excepted ) shall refuse doing and performing all or any the Matters and Things enjoyned him by this Law for the Space of Six Days alter any Complaint ihaR be made to him, iiich Justice shall forfeit to Her Majesty, to and for the Use of the Party grieved, the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money, to be recovered before the next Justice of the Pfeace to the Party complaining, as in case of Servants Wages, and be made incapable of serving in such Poll or Office fur the future.

Pcifs'dthe 6th Day of Jahuary, i yoSi

E^red553, for 1aym% an Im on Wines and other Strong Li-

quors imported this Island, to raise Money for the carrying on the Fortifications , for Payment of such Officers as shall he ini-ployed here at the Publick Charge and for such other Publick Services as are herein appointed*

313° 554- An Act to dock the Entail of Mount Lucy Plant at ion, and o-

w Atai? I?* j. ther the Eft ate in this Island of John Lucy Blackman, Eftp

and to vest the fame in the said John Lucy Blackman in Fee-Simple.

B° 555- An Act appointing Agents to transa3 the Publick Affairs of

A'oyem. i 709 this Island.

313° 556. An Act to secure the peaceable Possession of Negroes and other Slaves to the Inhabitants of this Island, and to prevent and punish the clandestine and illegal Detinue of them.

FORASMUCH as the Estates and Plantations of this Island are chiefly managed and supported by the Labour and Service of Negroes and other Slaves, and therefore are equally valuable to the Inhabitants as Lands, and ought to be under as great Regard and Security in Law, and that what shall be adjudged a lawful Possession of them may be ascertained* and that all private, concealed, covert, clandestine, cunningly designed, and illegal Possessions may be duly punished, and for the future prevented j Be it enacted by his Excellency Milford Crowe, Esq; Her Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Islands of Barbadoes, Santfa Lucia, Dominico, St. Vincent, and the rest of the Islands, Colonies, and Plantations in America, lying and being to Windward of Guar deloupe, which now are, or hereafter shall be under Her Majesty's Subjection and Government, &c. the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty s Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who have had an open, clear, free, and notorious Possession of any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, for the Space of Three Months together before the Date of this Act, accounting only Eight and twenty Days to each Month, and who gained such Possession legally by due Course of Law, Sale at publick Outcry, Descent, or became seized as Executor, Administrator, Attorney, Manager, Renter, or other law-

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

225

ful Power and Authority, and have not procured such Possession privately, de-signedly, cunningly, obscurely, or fraudulently, shall be always deemed, taken and adjudged, and is hereby declared to have a legal and just Possession against all Persons whatsoever to hold any Negroes or Slaves, until a full and legal Recovery shall be had and obtained; and in case where Negroes and Slaves are newly imported to be employed or sold in this Island, the Importer, whilst he keeps them for his own Uie, and also the first Purchaser, when here fold, shall be deemed, allowed, and adjudged to have a legal Possession equivalent to Three Months, though such Negro or Slave have not been litre so long.

Excepting and always Provided, That all and every Person or Persons, who have any just Right to such Negroes or Slaves, is, nor shall be by this Act, nor any thing therein contained, barred or foreclosed, injured or prejudiced, in the just Recovery of his legal Right to such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, by due Course of Law or Equity j and all other Possessions, which shall not be in manner as before is expressed, without Covin, Contrivance, unjust Design, 01* Fraud, are hereby declared and shall be adjudged an illegal Possession, and a Concealing, Harbouring, and unjust Detaining, contrary to Law, and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

And therefore be it enacted, and it is enabled, ordained, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the Publication of this Act, shall knowingly maintain, keep, harbour, conceal, or detain any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, in such secret, clandestine, and illegal manner, as aforesaid, all and every such Person or Persons, who is or are in such case injured or grieved, and have, or shall have their Negroes or Slaves so detained from him, her, or them, are hereby fully impowered to make his, her, or their Complaint to any of the Two nearest or neighbouring Justices of the Peace (One whereof to be of the Qjiorum ) to the Place of the Habitation of the Complainant j which Complaint is to be expressed in Writing under the Hand of such Complainant, in order to the said Justices making a Record thereof, as well as other the Proceedings thereon j which said Justices are hereby, and by the Authority aforesaid, required and impowered, within Two Days at farthest after the time of such Complaint, to issue a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, containing the Substance of such Complaint, to any Sworn Constable, requiring such Constable thereby strictly to summon such Person or Persons so complained of, to appear before them within Four Days at farthest, to make answer to such Complaint, and also to summon all and every Person or Persons whom the Complainant shall alledge can give Evidence in the Matter of Complaint, who are hereby enjoyned to declare the whole Truth of their Knowledges in the Matter complained of; and the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant their Warrant or Warrants to search for and apprehend such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, as shall be so complained for, and illegally detained, to the end that they may view the said Slave or Slaves; and that it may be, as it is hereby declared to be, in the Power of the said Justices, to order and deliver the Possession of the said Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, according to the Appointment and Intent of this Act, on due and legal Proof thereof before the said Justices, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, that the Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, complained for, have, before the Time of such Complaint made, been in the lawful, quiet, and peaceable Custody and Possession of the Complainant or Complainants, for the Time and Space of Three Months, and in such legal manner as herein before is mentioned and expressed; and that the Party or Parties complained of, have, in an unjust and unlawful manner, maintained, kept, harboured, concealed, or fraudulently detained such Negroe or Negroes, Slave! or Slaves, contrary to the Intent of this Act, or have not come to the Possession of the fame by some lawful or warrantable Way or Means ( although it shall appear to the said Justices, that the Time of such unlawful Detinue, as afote-

F f said.

226

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

said, do or shall exceed the Time and Space of Three Months ) then and in such case such Justices shall adjudge the Party or Parties, so complained of, guilty of an illegal Detention contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Party and Parties so found guilty, shall pay to the Complainant or Complainants for every Day, or any part of a Day, which the Offender or Offenders shall be proved and adjudged to have unlawfully detained each and every such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling Money, and so proportionably for a longer time; provided the said Penalty doth not exceed One hundred Pounds Sterling : And the said Justices are hereby further impowered and required strictly to command and injoyn the said Offender or Offenders to deliver and restore to the Complainant or Complainants, and into his, her, or their safe Possession, each and every such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves; and in Default or Refusal thereof, to forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling for every such Negro or Slave so detained, as aforesaid; and in case any such Offender or Offenders do not obey the Order, Sentence, and Judgment of the said Justices, as to the Payment of the said Penalty, and reftoting the Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves so detained, then the said

Justices are hereby impowered and required forthwith, after such Judgment y them given, to issue Execution under their Hands and Seals, pursuant to the Judgment aforesaid, against such Offender or Offenders, and every of them, as well for the Penalty aforesaid, as for the said Forfeiture of Two hundred Pounds Sterling for every Negro or Slave so, as aforesaid, detained, and that shall not be forthwith restored to the Complainant in manner aforesaid; which Execution is to be directed to any Constable within the Parish where the Complaint shall be made, who is hereby impowered and required to levy the same, and proceed therein in like manner as the Marshals of the Courts of Common Pleas of this Island are impowered to proceed upon Executions at Common Law and the Constables in this case shall and may receive the like Fees as the Marshals of the Courts of Common Pleas in this Island are by Law impowered to demand and receive; and the said Justices are hereby further required, upon Request of either of the Parties, Complainant or Defendant, to give them, or each of them a fair and full Copy of all their Proceedings, containing the Complaints, Proofs, Orders, Judgments, and Executions at large, under their Hands and Seals, for which the Party desiring the same shall immediately pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, together with Five Shillings more when the said Copies shall be fully complete and perfected, and delivered to him.

Provided nevertheless, That if any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, adjudged, or ordered to be delivered or restored to the Complainant or Complainants, as aforesaid, shall happen to die a natural Death between the Day of the Complaint and the Time that the Judgment shall be given, as aforesaid, and duly made appear by any legal Witness, such Offender shall not be liable to the Forfeiture of Two hundred Pounds Sterling aforesaid ,• any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

But forasmuch as such secret, clandestine, and illegal detaining of Negroes and Slaves are not easily discovered for want of legal Evidence j Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Complainant and Complainants so grieved, if they have not sufficient Evidence to prove such Detinue at all, or that they can prove but part of the Number of Negroes and Slaves that have been detained, then and in such case the said Justices are hereby folly authorized, impowered, and required to examine the Party or Parties complained of upon Oath, or legal Affirmation (if Quakers) requiring them, and each of them, to declare the Truth concerning such Complaint (in case of Failure of other Witness) and if upon such Oath or Affirmation it shall appear to the said Justices, that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, have been illegally detained, then such Justices shall order such Negro or Negroes,

Slave

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

22 7

Slave or Slaves, to bie restored in manner aforesaid; but if the Party or Parties, lb lawfully summoned, and returned so to be upon Oath of the Constable (except in case of extraordinary Sickness, so as to disable him, her, or them) shall neglect or refuse to appear, answer, discover^ or declare upon Oath, or legal Affirmation, as aforesaid, to such Questions as shall be asked and demanded concerning the detaining such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, so complained for, it shall be taken Pro confesso, that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, have been illegally detained; and the said Justices {ha 11 give Judgment accordingly, as if such Detention had been otherwise fully proved : And in such case where the Offender’s Oath is required, the said Justices are hereby authorized and impowered to adjudge such Damages as they in their Confei-ences do believe have been sustained by the Complainant or Complainants for every Day that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves have been so illegally detained, according to the Value of the Service of such Slave or Slaves j which Damages, when so adjudged, the said Justices shall order the Offender or Offenders forthwith to pay to the Complainant or Complainants; and upon the Refusal of the Offender or Offenders to pay the same, the said Justices shall grant Execution in manner aforesaid, only for such Damages so ascertained j and the fame is to be levied in manner aforesaid not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling Money per Day for each Negro, and shall likewise order and put the Complainant into Pbffession of the said Negro or Negroes in manner, and under the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds for each Negro or other Slave, as aforesaid : But if such Complaint shall appear to be vexatious, then the said Justices shall tax reasonable Cost for the Defendant against the said Complainant or Complainants, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling Money $ and in case of Non-payment thereof within Ten Days, Execution to issue, and be levied in manner aforesaid.

A n t> be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Perforf dr Persons, who on any Sale at Outcry of any Goods, Chattels, or other Effects, by virtue of this Act, shall happen to be the greatest Bidder, shall not pay the Sum by him, her, or them bid at such Sale at Outcry within Twenty Days, then and in such case the Justices of the Peace, before whom the first Complaint was made, shall j and they are hereby impowered and required to issue a Writ of Twenty per Cent, against the Person or Persons who fails in Payment, in the same manner as is appointed oh Sales at Outcry by virtue of any Proceedings in the Courts of Common Pleas in this Island.

Akd for a more speedy Recovery of Negroes and Slaves by Suits at the Common Law, Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lay claim to the Right, Property, and Inheritance of any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, shall and may lawfully Wing his, her, or their Suit or Action against any Person or Persons who havfe Possession of any Negro or hlegroes, Slave or Slaves, except Overseeis and Managers, who have Negroes and Slaves under their Charge in the Right of others, who, by the Intent of this Act, are not deemed to have the Right of Possession, but their Master or Mistress, or those who represent them, and are the Persons deemed liable to be sued in such manner as other Persons herfcin before mentioned in the Courts of Common Pleas held for the Precincts where such Defendant lives j and in case they have no certain Habitation of their own, then the Action shall be served in the most usual or common Place of Abode Ten Days at the least before the Sitting of the said Court; and upon legal Return of such Service, the Judges of the respective Courts of Conimon Pleas aforesaid are hereby fully impowered, authorized, and required, in all such Cases, to proceed to Tryal, and give Judgment the first Court after a full and perfedfc Issue shall be joyned, and the Cause made fit for Tryal or Judgment^ either in Matter of Law, or Fact.

228

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Provided always, That in case the Owner of any Plantation, or his Executors or Administratofs, are not in this island^ and have no Attorney or Attorneys here, then the Agent, or Chief Manager or Overseer of such Plantation, shall be prosecuted, examined, and awarded against, for unlawfully detaining of such Negroes as all other Persons are by this Act; and so he shall be, if he unlawfully detain and keep any Negro or Slave belonging to any other Person, without the express Order of his Mailer or Employer.

And for the more speedy bringing all such Actions which any ways relate to Negroes for Tryal and Judgment, it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, when lie, ihe, or they file their Declaration in the Clerk’s Office of the Courts of Common-Pleas, shall leave in the said Office with the Clerk all such Powers, or Letters of Attorney, Letters Teflamentary, or of Administration, or Guardianship, Deeds, and Writings, or legal attested Copies thereof from some Office of Record, as are any ways mentioned in the Action or Addons filed, and whereof Trcfcrt is made, to the end the Defendant or Defendants may have a View of the fame, the better to enable him, her, or them to plead within the time limited and prescribed by this Act; and after any Plea of Abatement shall be filed in the said Office, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may take all such Papers and Writings from the said Clerk into his or their Custody.

And it is hereby further enacted, ordained, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Defendant shall plead in Abatement to such Action, such Plea shall be filed in the Office of the said Court in Four Days after due Service thereof, that the Plaintiff may take a Copy thereof 5 which Plea of Abatement shall be called and argued the first Court after the filing of the fame •, and if such Plea shall be overruled by the Court, then the Defendant shall plead issuably, or in Bar or Demur Fourteen Days at farthest after the last Day of the Court that such Plea of Abatement shall be overruled and filed in the said Office, that the Plaintiff may have Copies thereof, in order to joyn Issue, leply, or demur j and if it shall so happen, that further Special Pleadings shall be requisite to complete any Cause for Tryal, either by the Court, or Jury, then it shall be in the Power or Discretion of the Court to give the Plaintiff or Defendant a Rule, not exceeding Fourteen Days in any necessary Cafe where further Pleading is required, having due Regard not to suffer any dilatory Pleadings or Continuances, but that all Actions relating to the Right or Property of Negroes, be every Court first called and proceeded upon with all Expedition as far forth as the Cause will admit of, until a full, just, and final Sentence shall be given.

And because it hath been very difficult to prove a Right to Negroes, their Names many times being unintelligible, and many going under Two Names, and others under One and the fame Name j Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Evidence proves the Negroes declared for to be such Negroes as have been, or are commonly deemed, known, or taken to be the Negroes or Slaves of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, unless the Defendant shews a more clear Right and Proof Paramount to the Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves in Question, that then and in such case such Negroes and Slaves shall be deemed and judged to be sufficiently proved, under such Proof, as aforesaid - any thing in this Law seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action of Detinue if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs make Recovery, the Verdict shall be, that the Defendant or Defendants deliver into the Possession of such Plaintiffs such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or for each and every one of them, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds current Money; and if such Defendant do not perform the fame in Fourteen Days after Judgment of the said Court upon the said Verdict, the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may take out Execution against such Defendant or Defendants, and levy the lame upon any of

their

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

their Estates, either Real or Personal, and for want thereof, upon their Bodies; and the Manner of the Proceedings, as to the Levy or Capias, to be executed by the Officers of the said Court of Common-Pleas, according to the Methods of such Courts.

Excepted always, if such Negroes or Slaves, or any of them, shall happen to die a natural Death between the Date of the Judgment and the Execution, then and in such case the Defendant shall not be compelled or be liable to pay the said Penaly of Two hundred Pounds current Money; any thing in this Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that there may not be any Encouragement to keep and detain Negroes, when the Persons so keeping them know they have no Right; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Recovery is made, the Plaintiff may have his, her, or their Action or Actions for the Damages by him, her, or them sustained.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions relating to the Property and Right of Negroes, and the Pleadings to them* shall be put first upon the Lift, and called for Tryal, as the lame shall severally be, according as they are entred $ and if it appear, that the Officers, or any of them, be guilty of any Corruption, either by neglecting to give timely Summons, or in summoning of Juries, or wilfully fail in their Duty, by giving wrong Copies of Records, misplacing such Actions on the Lift, or otherwise, then such evil Practices, being duly and legally proved before the said Court, or the major part thereof, the said Officer shall be displaced, and for ever ren-dred incapable of the said Office, and be further liable to the Damages sustained by reason of such Misfeazance.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs of Error on Negro-Actions shall be brought within Fourteen Days after Judgment given at the Common Law, or after any Judgment given upon a Complaint before any Justices of the Peace; and also all Injunctions, which shall be necessary and allowed by the Chancellor, shall be brought before Judgment, or within Fourteen Days after, Persons beyond Sea, Feme Coverts, and Infants excepted; and all Writs of Error which shall be brought on Negro-Actions* shall be put first on the Lift of Error.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Proceedings relating to the Possession or Detention of Negroes or other Slaves before the Justices, or Property, before any of the Judges of the respective Courts of Common-Pleas in this Island, no Action, Bill, Complaint, or any other Proceedings, where there shall be more Plaintiffs than One, or where there is but One Plaintiff, shall fall or abate, either by Death or Absence of any One, or more, or all of the said Plaintiffs to the Action or Complaint, but those who have the Right of Reprefertation, either as Heirs, Guardians, Executors, Administrators, or Attorneys, such Qualifications being produced upon Record, shall be admitted and made Party or Parties to the Record, by the Rule or Order of the Judges or Justices before whom the Complaint or Action lies; and such. Person or Persons so admitted Party or Parties, shall have One Month’s time after such their Admittance, that they may have due time to prosecute the Interest of the Person or Persons whom they represent j neither shall such Action fall by the Death of any or all the Defendants, but such Action or Complaint shall go on, and be maintained against any the Representatives of such Defendant or Defendants, or such Person or Persons as shall have the Negroes or Slaves demanded in their Possession and such Representative of the Defendant, or Person or Persons who have the said Negroes in their Possession, shall be made Parties to the said Complaint or Action in manner aforesaid, to the end they may have due time to defend the Interest of themselves, or the Persons they represent.

AND

igo The LAWS of BARBADOES.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Defendant or Defendants in any Action in any the Courts of Common Pleas within this Island, shall plead that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, are hot in their Possession, then and in such case it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to prove, by One or more legal Evidence or Evidences, to the Jury, that such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, were in the Possession of the Defendant, either upon the Day of the Action brought, or within Ten Days before the Action brought : Provided the Defendant hath riot delivered unto the Complainant the Negroes so complained or sued for within Ten Days after Complaint; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs find any Difficulty to prove the Possession in part or in the whole, then Complaint may be made, as aforesaid, to the Two nearest or neighbouring Justices to the Complainant, who are hereby required to proceed in manner aforesaid, for Discovery of the Possession, by or upon the Oath of the Party or Parties so complained of; and if upon such Complaint or Examination any Time of Possession of any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, shall be proved, then a Certificate of the Time of such Possession, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, shall be sufficient Proof to the Jury to find for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs commencing their Action or Actions in manner aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Widow fei2ed of any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, of the Dower of her Husband, shall fend off. Or any ways directly or indifedtly conferit to the fending off this Island, or sell and dispose of any such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves so that they, or any of them, are sent off this Island, as aforesaid, withouc the lawful Consent of him, her, or them in Reversion or Remainder, being of full Age, and also of the Executor or Administrator, where they are liable to the Payment of Debts for want of other Effects, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful fdt him, her, or them, in Reversion or Remainder, or the Executor or Administrator, and every of them, or those who have any Trust lodged in them for the Use of any other, to enter and take Possession of such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, and all other the Estate which Ihe holds of the Dower of her Husband, the fame being forfeited by the fending off or disposing'of such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, by this Act. And further, if any such Widow shall marry an Husband, who shall fend off, or sell and dispose of any such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, so that they are sent off, as aforesaid, without the lawful Consent of him, her, or them in Reversion, or the Trustees, as aforesaid, and every of them, then and in such case the Person or Persons who have the Reversion, shall and may enter into and enjoy all and every the Estate which the said Husband holds in Right of his Wife, as her Dower, whereof such Negro or Negroes is or are part, or the whole, for and during the Life of the Husband.

And for that it may fall out. That the Negroes and Slaves lent off, as aforesaid, or disposed of, may be of greater Value than the Estate that such Person or Persons in Reversion or Remainder, or as Executor or Administrator, can find to enter upon, so that there may be a great Defeat of a just Remedy in such a case : Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons in Reversion or Remainder, shall, and are hereby impowered to have an Action or Actions at Common Law against the Widow, and against the Husband, for the Recovery of treble the full Value of such Negro or Negroes, so sent off or disposed of, as aforesaid, out of any other Estate of her said Husband.

And allb for that it is not hereby provided. That if such Persons in Rever-fion or Remainder, or an Executor or Administrator, be interrupted in their entring upon such Estate, forfeited, as aforesaid, how they shall be remedied j Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, so injured, as aforesaid, shall, and is hereby fully impowered to bring an 8 Action

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

231

Action or Actions at the Common Law for the Recovery of such forfeited Estate, be the fame Land, Buildings, Negroes, or Slaves, or the Value thereof^ against any Person or Persons who shall impede, molest, or interrupt any such Person, as aforesaid, from taking or entring on any the Estate herein before mentioned j the said Recovery to be levied on any the Estate, Real or Personal, against whom such Recovery shall be had and obtained, according as is appointed by the Acts relating to the Courts of Common Pleas; which Action or Actions shall be tried within the same Time, and under the same Rules and Penalties in the Proceedings, as is provided for the Recovery of Negroes, as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Proceedings shall be had and made against all Persons that are possessed of Negroes or other Slaves for and during their natural Lives, or the Life of another, if they, or any of them, shall fell or fend off any such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or dispose of them so as they are sent off this Island, and be under the fame Forfeiture, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Widow and Husband lie under, as aforesaid : And if any Person or Persons, so holding any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, either in Dower, or for Term of his or her own Life, or the Life of another Person, shall wilfully destroy, maim, or disable any Negro or Slave foheld, shall pay treble the Value of such Negro or Slave so destroyed, maimed, or disabled, to the Person or Persons in Reversion or Remainder, or to his or their lawful Representative, to be recovered against such Offender or Offenders in Damages in the Court of Common Pleas where such Offender lives, and be liable to be sued there for the fame at any time after the said Offence is committed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Negroes and Slaves, or the Value thereof, shall be sued for, and tried by Action of Detinue, Writ De partitione facienda, Action of Trover and Conversion, Tref* pass, or of Dower, as the Case shall require, and by no other Writ or Action whatsoever - and all Proceedings to and upon such Action of Detinue, Partition, or Dower, shall be in the same manner as herein before is expressed and appointed : But as to Trover and Trespass the Proceedings shall be after the ac- ‘ customed Methods of the Common Law.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the Complainants in Partition or Dower are not to recover any Penalty or Damages upon such Action against the Defendants for the Time the Complainants have been out of Possession, other than what may accrue to them from the Commencement of their Right, which they may sue for by due Course of Law.

And it is further provided. That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Person or Persons whatsoever, that hath or shall lend any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or let any such for any Time or Term of Years, or for a shorter Time, whole Leases or Agreements are expired; nor to any Attorney, Overseer, or other Person, who came by the Possession of any such Negroes or Slaves by Act or Content of the Claimers, or by some Persons by, from, or under him, her, or them, and whose Possession appears clearly to be but a bare Trust 5 for and in all such Cases, the Party or Parties who make the Claim, shall be put into Possession of such Negroes of Slaves by the said Justices in Manner and Form aforesaid •, and the fame Proceedings are to be had in case of Refusal, as if an illegal Detention j any thing in this Law seeming to the contrary notwithstanding : And in all Cafes where any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, unlawfully detained, are or shall be lent, rented, or hired out, the Borrower, Renter, or Hirer, shall not incur, or be subject to the Penalty of Five Pounds per Diem; but the Person lending, renting, or hiring out, shall be liable and subject to the fame only, and be levied upon for it accordingly.

And

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

232

And forasmuch as many times Guardians, Executors, and Administrators, by Connivance and Fraud, do fuft'er Negroes under their Trust to be undersold, and often buy such Negroes themselves, or contrive that they be bought for them, to the great Loss of Orphans, Creditors, Legatees, and all concerned, such Negroes being fold oftentimes for half their Worth, even to the Ruin of the Plantations to which they belong, and this many times when there are other Effects by which Means such Negroes might be preserved : Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Guardian, Executor, or Administrator, shall consent or agree with any Marshal, Officer, Creditor, or other Person, to have any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, belonging to the Estate which they, or any of them, have in Trust, as afcrc-said, to be extended or sold at Outcry, or suffer or permit any such Negro or Negroes to be sold at Outcry, when there are other Effects, Personal Elhite of the deceased, liable to the Payment of any such Debt} in such case the said Guardian, Executor, or Administrator, and every or any of them, so consenting or agreeing, suffering or permitting, shall be, and are hereby respectively liable to the Forfeiture of Fifty Pounds, current Money of this Island, for each and every Negro or other Slave so extended or sold at Outcry, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Party grieved.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Outcries of Negroes there shall be Twenty Days for Redemption, as in case of Land j and until the Expiration of the said Twenty Days, no Property shall be transferred to the Purchaser, who shall not be obliged to pay his Money lor the Negroes purchased until the Expiration of Twenty Days; any I.aw or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding : And during the said Twenty Days, the Negroes so purchased shall remain in the Hands of the Purchaser, lie giving Security in double the Sum which the said Negroes fold for, to redeliver them to the Marshal, if the Person or Persons from whom they were attached, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or the Person that hath the Title of the said Negroes, shall at any time within the said Twenty Days make due Tender of, and pay unto the Marshal that outcried them, or his lawful Deputy, the full Value of the Outcry, and his lawful Charges; in which Cafe such Purchaser at Outcry shall deliver back all the Negroes and Slaves, so bought and redeemed, unto the said Marshal, who shall forthwith deliver them to the Person or Persons that shall so redeem them j and if the Purchaser shall refiife, on such Demand of the said Marshal, to deliver them to him, then such Person so refusing, shall, from the Day of such Refusal, be deemed and adjudged an unlawful Detainer of the Possession of all such Negroes and Slaves, and be, in all Respects, subject and liable to be prosecuted for the fame before the Two next Justices, and suffer the Penalties provided for in this Act.

Provided nevertheless, That if any of the said Negroes shall die a natural Death between the time of their being outcried and the said Dema nd of the said Marshal, in order to his restoring them to the Person so redeeming them, the said Purchaser at Outcry shall suffer no Damage or Loss by such Death, and shall be liable to deliver back such only of them as are living at the time of such Demand made by the said Marshal: But if the said Negroes, so purchased at Outcry, are not redeemed within the said Twenty Days, then the Right and Property which the Debtor had in such Negroes and Slavres, shall divert and be settled in the Purchaser, and the said Marshal shall pa.fs his Bill of Sale for the fame accordingly, and then demand and receive the full Value of the Outcry from the Purchaser for the Use of the Creditor; which, if the said Purchaser shall refuse to pay at that time, he shall be subject and liable to such Penalties and Forfeitures as herein before is appointed for such as neglect or refuse to pay for any Effects bought at Outcry, and shall be proceeded against accordingly.

And

The LAWS o/BARBADOES.

233

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better preserving Negroes on Estates in this Island, and keeping them entire together from Ruin, by the Recovery of Legacies left by Testators, and just Debts due from their Estates, which might with more Eale be paid without injuring any Person concerned, by having a little longer Time for the Payment of such Debts or Legacies after they shall become due, it shall and may be lawful for any Executor, Administrator, or other Person in Trust, not having sufficient Effects in his or their Hands belonging to the Testator, or the Estate that he or they are entrusted for, to pay and satisfy, or cause to be paid and satisfied, any Legacy or just Debt, after the same shall become due from the Estate, that the Negroes may be preserved on the Plantation, and prevented from being levied on, and carried from it, which would inevitably ruin the fame, and put it out of a Capacity of recovering it {elf again; and what Money any Executor, Administrator, or other Person in Trust, shall pay or satisfy, or cause to be paid and satisfied, for the discharging such Legacies and Debts, as aforesaid, the Estate shall stand and remain a Secutity for the Money paid or satisfied, or to be paid, as aforesaid, with Interest for the fame, at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Cent, per Annum, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied.

And whereas it often falls out, That after the Death of any Person or Persons possessed of Negroes and Slaves, great Disputes arise about the Title and Possession of such Slave or Slaves, so that several Persons pretend Right to them, and get them many times by indirect Means into their several Possessions^ which proves oftentimes the Ruin of the Plantations, and the Persons to whom they really belong, occasioning long and tedious Law Suits, the Possession not being hitherto in such Cases clearly fetfled, so that the justices of the Peace may so safely proceed as the Case requires : Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons whatsoever shall die seized or possessed of any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, as aforesaid, the Executor or Executors, Administrator, Trustee or Trustees of such Persons, shall have the Benefit of this Law to have such Possession for and in behalf of the Person or Persons that have just Right to them, or any of them, for preserving of them, until the Title of such Negroes and Slaves is settled and determined by due Course of the Common Law, or otherwise; and the said jv?groes shall continue on the Plantation of the Party deceased, until legally recovered by some Person rightfully claiming.

Provided always, That the Advantages accruing for the Work of such Negroes and Slaves be not misapplied by such Executors, Administrators, or Trustees, but they, and every or them, shall be accountable to the Person or Persons in whom the Title is found good.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, shall be hereafter executed, and the Justices and Free-holders, or Field-Officers, shall have certified the Values of such Negroes or Slaves, as the Law directs, then if any Person or Persons have any Right or Title to a Reversion or Remainder in such Negroes or Slaves, the lame shall be, by the said Justices and Free-holders, enquired into upon or immediately after the Tryal; and the Value of such Reversion or Remainder, after the Party injured is paid, shall be by them set and inserted in the Certificate, and awarded to such Persons, or those who represent them, and shall be by the Treasurer of this island accordingly paid out of the whole Value of such Negroes or Slaves, the other Part being due to such Person or Persons who have a present Estate in such Negroes or Slaves; the aforesaid Enquiry to be made upon the Oath of the Party that demands Satisfaction, to be administred unto him by the said Justices or Field-Officers; who shall have no such Certificate granted unto him, until he shall swear whether there be a Reversion, and in whom the Reversion is, if any.

And-

4

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

234

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captain, Maher, or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Mariner or Person, shall directly or indirectly carry off, or attempt, cause, or suffer to be carried off this Island, any Slave or Slaves belonging to the Inhabitants of this Island, without the Knowledge and Consent of the Owner of such Slave or Slaves, shall forfeit, for every Slave so carried off, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds current Money, and for every such Negro or other Slave attempted to be carried off, as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds of like Money, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Owners of such Slave or Slaves, to be recovered by Action of iDebt in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Common Pleas held in this Island, against such Commander, Matter, or other Person so offending; and if any Slave or Slaves, as aforesaid, shall be carried off, then against the Security for such Ship or Vessel in which such Slave or Slaves shall be so illegally carried off; to which Action the Defendant or Defendants (fall plead issuably, and Execution thereon to ifllte, and be levied in the same manner as by the Laws of this Island establishing the Courts of Common Pleas, and Proceedings therein, is directed and appointed jany Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding : Out of which Forfeiture or forfeitures, after the same shall be recovered and received, the Person and Persons so recovering and receiving, shall pay unto such Person or Persons as shall inform, or make appear the carrying oft, or attempting to carry off any Slave or Slaves, as aforesaid, One third part of the Sum recovered and received; and upon Neglect or Refusal so to do, the said Third Part shall be recovered before the Two next Justices of the Peace to the Place where the said Owner lives, and Execution to issue, and be levied as in case of Servants Wages is appointed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That (or every Warrant granted by Justices of the Peace for Detinue of Negroes, from and after Publication of this Act, the said Justices may demand Two Shillings and Six Pence; and for every Evidence summoned. Seven Pence Half-peny, and no more - but if out of the Parish, Five Shillings for the Warrant, and Two Shillings and Six Pence to the Constable for serving the Warrant; and also Two Shillings and Six Pence for summoning each Evidence in the said Warrant, for every Judgment, Execution, Levying, Outcrying, and other Process the fame Fees to the Justices of the Peace and Constable, as are allowed to the Judge and Marshal of the Courts of Common Pleas.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who now is, are, or hereafter shall be in Possession of any Negroes or Slaves, and have quietly, without lawful Interruption, possessed the fame, either by himself, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever under him, or under any such Person or Persons whom he, she, or they shall claim, by the Space of Five Years last past, shall have a good Right and Title to the fame, as in case of Land, against all Persons whatsoever, for and during the Estate whereof he, she, or they are possessed and have Right to.

Provided always, That this Act be not construed so as to prejudice married Women, Persons under the Age of One and twenty Years, or of unfound Memories, or Persons absent from this Island, who shall prosecute their respective Titles within Two Years after their being unmarried, becoming of full Age, or of found Memory, or arriving in this Island.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all Persons whatsoever that shall hereafter make any Claim to any such Negroes or Slaves within the Time limited by this Act, do, by the said Action, or some other, if brought within Five Years then next after, bring the feme to Tryal, and that Tryafto be conclusive on the Plaintiffs part for ever, and never to bring any other Action for the feme, but be for ever barred j any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding : And it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to give this Act in Evidence on any Tryal at Common Law.

And

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 235

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Judges or Assistants of the respe<5live Courts of Common Pleas, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Officer of the Court of Common Pleas, or other Courts concerned in the due Execution of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to do and perform their respective Duties appointed and required of them in and by this Act, by Delays, or otherwise, every such Person so offending, upon due Proof thereof made before the Governor and Council, or Commander in Chief, and Council for the time being, shall be forthwith turned out of his Place; and if any Constable shall neglect or refuse to do his Duty by this Act required, then tire Paid Justices of the Peace, before whom the Matter or Cause lies, shall commit such Constable to the Common Goal, there to remain for the Space of Six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and shall further appoint the Execution of this Law, and their Order, to be put into the Hands of feme other Constable.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons duly summoned by virtue of this Act, or any Person summoned as Evidence in any Matter or Thing relating thereunto, shall refuse or neglect to answer to Inch Questions as shall be required of them, and each of them, or shall not appear according to the legal Summons to give their Evidence, all such Offenders shall, by the Judge or Justices before whom the Matter lies, be forthwith committed to the Common Gaol of this Island, there to be kept for Six Months without Bail or Mainprize.

Provided nevertheless, That the Members of Her Majesty's Council ill this Island, although they are Justices of the Peace, are hereby exempted from acting as Justices of the Peace on Complaint of Detinue of Negroes by this Act, and from the Penalties therein contained for not acting as such, by reason they are the Judges of all Errors, if any Writ of Error should be brought on any of .their Proceedings therein : And if any Justice of the Peace is related to either Party, complaining or complained of, in such Nearness of Blood or Affinity as is a legal Exception to a Juror in the Courts of Common Pleas, then and in such case the Justice or Justices of the Peace may be excepted against by either Party before any Hearing be of the Matter, but not afterwards j and if such Exception be true and just, of which his Fellow Justice is to be the Judge, then mail such related Justice be exempted from hearing the Cause, and his Fellow Justice shall joyn himself to the next Justice of the Peace of the Quorum (if the Quorum Justice be wanting) not related to either of the Parties, as aforesaid; and these Two Justices shall be the proper and lawful Tryers of the Possession of Negroes.and Slaves according to this Act; any thing herein seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas it many times happens, that Negroes and other Slaves are attached and sold at publick Outcry, for and towards Satisfaction of publick Levies, Parochial Taxes, Servants Wages, Provisions of this Country’s Produce, and for several Fines and Penalties made and laid on several Persons by several Acts of this Island, whereon Executions are issued forth by Justices of the Peace, in many of which recited Cafes Records are not kept, or at least very often mislaid and loft, so that Purchasers of Negroes or other Slaves, by Means thereof, have sometimes lost their Right for want of Recourse to the Records, on which such Outcry was made : To prevent which Evils for the future. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, shall be attached and sold at publick Outcry for any of the causes aforesaid, the Constable or Constables, or other Officer or Officers, who shall outcry the fame, shall be obliged to give the Purchaser at such Outcry a Bill of Sale, under his or their Hands and Seals, and therein recite the whole Proceedings, and set forth the Cause for which such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, was or were so attached and fold ,• which said Bill of Sale being duly proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island,'

236

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

shall vest a good Right and Title in the Purchaser against the Person or Persons from whom the said Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, shall be lo attached, and against every other Person or Persons who shall claim by, from, or under him, her, or them, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever for the future shall presume to shew any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or other Effects, whatsoever, to any Marshal, Constable, or other Officer, for or towards Satisfaction of any Demand whatsoever made, or to be made, against him, her, or them, other than what he, (lie, or they may legally shew in Satisfaction of such Demand, in all and every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Party grieved, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for every such Offence, to be recovered before any Two of the Neighbouring Ju-(tices of the Peace, to the Party grieved and complaining, as in case of Servants Wages And for the better Prevention and Discovery of such evil Pra-dtices, all Marshals, Constables, or other Officers, who after Publication of this Act, shall attach any Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, or other Effodts whatsoever, and shall expose the same to Sale at publick Outcry, for or towards Satisfaction of any Demand whatsoever, the said Marshal, Constable, or other Officer, and all and every of them, are hereby strictly obliged and required to set up or affix Notes in every Town of this Island, mentioning the Particulars of his or their Levy and Attachment, and from whom, for what, and for Satisfaction of whom, the fame was made, and where and at what time the said Outcry is to be; which said Outcry shall be on the Tenth Day after the setting up such Notes, as aforesaid; and in case the said Negroes are not then outcried and fold, they shall not thereafter be outcried and fold, but on the Tenth Day after other Notice given thereof by Notes so set up, as aforesaid; and all and every Marshal, Constable, or other Officer, for every time he or they shall offend in this Particular^ shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors > one Half to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and the other to the Informer, and to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages : And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall any ways destroy, deface, tear, or pull down any such Note or Notes, or shall cause or procure them, or any of them, to be destroyed, defaced, torn, or pulled down, before the said Ten Days and Sale at Outcry shall be over, on due Proof thereof before any Justice of the Peace in this Island, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Ten Pounds, current Money, for every Negro or Slave mentioned in such Note or Notes; one Half to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and the other to the Informer, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages : But if no Negroes or Slaves are mentioned in such Note or Notes, then the Party offending shall forfeit only the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Note or Notes; to be to the same Uses, and recovered in the feme manner, as aforesaid.

And forasmuch as the several Complaints concerning Negroes and other Slaves in this Act mentioned, are appointed to be enquired into by the Two next or neighbouring Justices of the Peace to the Party complaining, so that it may sometimes happen that the said Justices may differ in Opinion concerning any Complaint which shall come before them; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of any such Difference in Opinion, the said Justices may, and they are hereby impowered and required to take unto cheir Assistance the next adjoyning Justice of the Peace, and them Three, or any Two of them, shall sentence, adjudge, and determine the Matter in Complaint; any thing in this Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And

237

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Caveats against fending off Negroes or other Slaves, which for the future shall be en-tred in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, shall continue and be of full Force for the Space of One Year from the Day of the Date thereof, and no longer, unless then renewed for One Year longer, and so from Year to Year, as there shall be Occalioru

Tap'd the yth Day of Juiie, 17 of.

An Act to keep inviolate, andprejerve the Freedom of Elections} j®® 557. and appointing who shall he deemed Tree-holders> and he capable of electing, or being elected, Representatives, Vefiry-men, or to serve as furors to try Real Actions within this Island.

WHEREAS many undue and illegal Practices have been used to awe and force Men to vote contrary to their Inclinations and Consciences, to the manifest Violation of the Freedom of Elections of Assembly-men and Vestry-men : And whereas there has been great Partiality used by Sheriffs upon Elections, and in Returning Representatives to serve in the General Aflem-bly, and also by the General Assemblies upon their Decision of Controverted Elections, which has proved of very ill Consequence to this Island : For PreT venting therefore of such ill Practices for the future, and that equal Right and Justice may be done to all Persons; Be it enacted by his Excellency Mitford Crowe, Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guar deloupe, the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That every White Man, professing the Christian Religion, the free and natural-born Subject of the Queen of Great Britain, or naturalized, who hath attained to the full Age of Twenty one Years, and hath a Free-hold, that is to say, who is actually seized of Ten or more Acres of Land in Fee-Simple, Fee-Tail, either General or Special, or of a Tenure of Ten or more Acres of Land, in Right of his Wife, qualified as aforesaid; or a Tenure of Ten or more Acres of Land in Right of his Wife’s Dower, or by the Courtesy of England; or of Ten or more Acres of Land in Right of the Church, called Glebe-Lands, within any Parish of this Island j or of any Land with a House, Houses, Store-houses, or any other Buildings thereon, in any one of the Towns in this Island, of the Yearly Value of Ten Pounds current Money, shall be deemed a Free-holder, and shall and may be capable of electing Representatives or Vestry-men, or of being elected a Representative or Vestry-man in the Parish wherein such his Estate lieth, or to serve as a Juror to try Real Actions, and no other Person or Persons whatsoever.

Provided always, That all Persons qualified by Land.* as aforesaid* do actually live on their Lands, or do by themselves, their Managers, Overseers. White Servants, Slaves, or some other Person or Persons in their stead, and for their Use, manage and reap the Profits of the said Ten Acres of Land, or improve the major Part thereof to their own Use.

Provided also. That the said Ten or more Acres of Land be really and bona fide of the full Yearly Value of Ten Pounds current Money > the said Value of the Lands, as well as of the Houses and Lands in the several Towns, as aforesaid, to be proved on Oath by Two of the next adjoyning or

neighbouring

238

Ihe LAWS of BARBADOES.

neighbouring Freeholders (who are no ways related to the Owners of the said Land or Houses) at such time when any Controversy shall happen thereon, if any Person shall desire the fame j or before the Assembly, upon controverted Elections of Assembly Men ,• or before the Governor or Commander in Chief, and Council, upon controverted Elections of Vestry Men.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon any Election of Representatives or Vestry Men for the future, it shall be made appear, that any Person or Persons claiming the Privilege of a Freehold, shall hold the fame by, from, or under any Person or Persons, who had not a good Right or Title to convey the fame, or Who hath conveyed a greater Title than by Law he could have done; in such case all and every Person or Persons, claiming by, from, or under such Conveyance, shall be excluded his or their Vote or Suffrage, and shall not in any wise be deemed or adjudged a Freeholder within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Provi ded always. That if any such Objection shall happen to arise on any Election of Representatives, the same shall be decided before the General Ai-fembly of this Island.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall be admitted as a Freeholder, or an Evidence in any Case whatsoever, whole original Extract shall be proved to have been from a Negro, except only on the Tryal of Negroes and other Slaves.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, or other Persons, who for the future shall execute any Writ or Writs on the Election of Assembly Men, as also the Chief Judge of the Court of Exchequer, or of the Courts of Common Pleas in this Island, or their Assistants, or any of them, where the Qualification of a Voter or Juror may come in Question, cr a Justice or Justices of the Peace, or that Person of the last Vestry w'ho shall be first named in the Church Books, and shall be (in the Absence of a Justice of the Peace) at the Election of Vestry Men, shall have, and hereby have delegated unto them full Power and Authority to administer any Oath or Oaths to any Person or Persons, for Discovery of the true Value of such Lands or Houses, as well as other the Qualifications of Freeholds, by which any Person or Persons are supposed to be Freeholders; and if there shall be Cause to proceed further thereon before the General Assembly of this Island, then and in such case, as well as on all other Matters touching or concerning the Decision of controverted Elections of Representatives, the Speaker of the said Assembly for the time being shall have, and hereby hath full Power and Authority to summon any Person or Persons before the General Assembly, for Discovery of any Fad or Fads, Circumstance or Circumstances relating to, or any wife concerning such Election 5 and upon any Person or Persons refusing to appear, as aforesaid, or appearing, shall refuse to make true Answer to such Questions as shall be put to them, relating to or any wife concerning such controverted E-ledion, the Speaker of that Assembly hath hereby full Power and Authority to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Goal of this Island, there to remain until he or they shall make Answer, as aforesaid, or during the Continuance of tharAffembly.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who, on any Occasion whatsoever, shall appear before the General Assembly of this Island, and shall, in the Presence of them, misbehave him or themselves towards the said Assembly, or any the Members thereof, either by uttering any unhand feme Language, or otherwise, during the Sitting of such. Assembly, the Speaker of the said Assembly shall have, and hereby hath full Power and Authority to commit all and every such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such time as he or they shall submit him or themselves to the House, or during the Continuance of that Assembly.

And

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

239

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there shall happen to be Two or more Joynt Tenants, or Tenants in Common, of a certain Parcel or Quantity of Land in any Parish in this IOand, or of any Land with a House, Houses, or other Buildings thereon, within any one of the Towns in this Island, and the said Parcel of Land shall contain as many times Ten or more Acres as there are Joynt Tenants, or Tenants in Common, or the Land with a House, Houses, or other Buildings thereon, in any of the Towns, as aforesaid, shall be worth as many times Ten Pounds current Money or more per Annum, as there are Joynt Tenants, or Tenants in Common, in such case the said Joynt Tenants, or Tenants in Common, and every of them, shall be deemed Freeholders to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever : Provided, such Joynt Tenants, or Tenants in Common, hold the fame Right or Title to their Lands, Houses, or other Buildings, as other Freeholders are herein before appointed to hold their Lands or Houses, and are of the fame Value : For it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That no Joynt Tenant, or Tenant in Common, who shall not have for his Share Ten Acres of Land of the Value aforesaid, or Lands with a House, Houses, or other Buildings thereon, in any of the Towns in this Island, of Ten Pounds current Money per Annum, if the fame were equally7 divided, shall be esteemed a Freeholder within the Meaning, Intent and Purport of this Act.

And further be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person at any Ekftion of Representatives or Vestry Men for the future, shall be deemed a Freeholder, qualified to elect, or be elected a Representative or Vestry Mart in this Island, but such who shall produce a Bill of Sale, or other lawful Conveyance of the Lands or other Estate whereby he claims to be a Freeholder, or an attested Copy thereof from the Secretary’s Office, which hath been acknowledged before the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, or the Chief Judge of some Court of Common Pleas in this Island, and duly recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, before or within Three Days after the first Publication of any Writ or Writs for Election of Assembly Men, and who shall not, together with the Person who fold and conveyed the said Freehold (if he be there present) make Oath before the* Person to whom the Writ for electing Representatives is directed (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same, if any Person present require it, or he himself mall think meet) that such Deed or Deeds by him so produced, is and are bona fide a real and absolute Deed or Deeds, according to the Purport thereof, without Covin or Fraud 5 and that he did not purchase, or otherwise get the said Land, with any manner of Intent, Design, or Thought to let the Person, from whom he had it, have it again, nor his Heirs or Assigns and that he is in actual Possession of the said Land, and receives to his own Use all the Profits thereof, and is under no Promise, or any other Obligation whatsoever, or hath any Thought or Intent to give up or surrender the said Deed or Deeds, or the Lands or Tenements in the said Deed or Deeds mentioned to be hereby fold and conveyed, at any time he shall have voted, or shall be elected.

Except nevertheless. Such Person or Persons who claim to be Freeholders by such Deed or Deeds which shall be executed in England for Conveyance of any Lands in Barbadoes, and authentickly proved in England, and hero proved so to have been, and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, as by an Act of this Island is provided.

Except also. Such as claim by any Last Will and Testament, duly proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, or by lawful Marriage* or by Five Years lawful and quiet Possession, according to an Act of this Island, bearing Date the Seventh Day of September, One thousand six hundred and sixty one or the Rector of any Church or Chapel having Glebe Lands, or shall make Oath that he is duly qualified, according to the true Intent and Meaning

240

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

of this Law; and the said Person to whom the said Writ is directed, is further hereby impowered and required to ask such other Questions, upon Oath, concerning the Free-hold and Qualification of any Person offering to elect, or Handing to be elected, either of him, or the Period who fold or conveyed the Free-hold, as to the said Sheriff shall seem meet, or shall be required by any Free-holder there present; and if any Person offering to elect, or Handing to be elected, shall refuse to take such Oath, or to answer to such Questions upon Oath, as aforesaid, the said Person forefufing, shall be excluded from giving his Vote for electing, or from being elected, a Representative for that time.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Lands and Houses which for the future shall, by the Oath of Two or more credible Witnesses in any of Her Majesty's Courts in this Island, appear to have been conveyed, granted over, or obtained, with a Design and Intent only to qualify any Person or Persons to vote on any Election of Representatives or Vestry Men, all such Lands or Houses shall be, and are hereby declared to be forfeited to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to and for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island.

Provi ded always, That nothing herein be construed to extend to the Forfeiture of such Lands or Houses as shall be conveyed from Fathers or Mothers to their Sons.

And forasmuch as fbme People called Quakers do refuse to take an Oath, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such People may, and they are hereby permitted, instead of taking any Oath or Oaths, as is required by this Law, touching their Free-holds or Qualifications to vote, to promise and declare in the Presence of Almighty God, that what they shall answer touching any Deeds produced by them, any Election of Representatives or Vestry Men, or to any Question that shall be asked them touching their Free-holds or Qualifications to elect Representatives for the General Assembly or Vestry Men, shall be the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth; who, after having so made out their Free-holds, shall be then as capable of giving their Vote, as if they had taken any Oath or Oaths hereby required any thing in this seeming to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding : Ana if it shall appear at any time that any Person hath declared, in manner aforesaid, at such Election an Untruth or False thing concerning any such Deed, or his Qualification of electing, or being elected, and Proof thereof made before any One Justice of the Peace in this Island, such Justice is hereby impowered and required to bind the said Person over to the Grand Sessions, there to be proceeded against and punished as in case of wilful Perjury, and be for ever held incapable of giving any Vote at any Election in this Island.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs for Election of Assembly-men shall be all iflfued by the Governor, or Commander in Chief, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council for the time being, in the usual Form, and directed to the several Members of Her Majesty's Council in this Island > and if there shall be more than One residing in a Parish, the Writ for that Parish shall be directed to the eldest Counsellor, who is hereby impowered and required to execute the same.

Provided nevertheless, If the Members of Her Majesty's Council, or any of them, at the time of issuing the Writ, shall decline to execute the fame, that then and in such case the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, by and with the Consent of the Council, may at the same time direct such Writ or Writs to some substantial Free-holder or Free-bolders in the said Parish or Parishes where such Counsellor or Counsellors shall so decline, who are hereby impowered and required to execute the lame: Provided such Person do not Hand as a Candidate to serve in the General Assembly.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Counsellor shall have any Writ directed to him so as to oblige him to go out of the Parish 8 where

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

241

where he lives or resides, unless there be more Counsellors than One in such Parish j and in such case the said Writ or Writs shall be directed to the younger Counsellor or Counsellors to execute the fame in some other Parish or Parishes as near as may be to their Place of Dwelling or Abode; but in case there shall not be Counsellors enough within this liland to execute the several Writs for Election of Assembly-men, or any of them be disabled by Sickness to perform such Duty, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, to direct such Writ or Writs to some substantial Freeholder of the same Parish, such as they shall think fit. who are hereby impowered and required to execute the fame : Provided such Person do not (laud himself a Candidate in some Parish to serve in tire General Assembly.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon calling an Assembly, all Elections throughout the bland shall begin in one Day between the Hours of Eight and Nine in the Morning, and shall continue, without Interruption, until the Poll shall be shut up and finished 5 which shall not be before the Hour of Four in the Afternoon, unless it be by Content of all the Persons who (land in any Parish for Representatives to serve in the General Assembly and if any Person shall vote before it be past Eight of the Clock in the Morning on any Election of Representatives to serve in the General Assembly, or for Vestry Men, or after Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, such Vote shall be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and if it shall be made appear before the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council for the time being, that the Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of this Law, to receive the Votes for Assembly Men or Vestry Men, did take any Vote before Eight of the Clock in the Morning, or after Four of the Clock in the Evening, he or they shall forfeit and pay to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this bland, the one Half to the Informer, and the other for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island j and if the Sheriff, or such Person as shall be appointed to receive the Votes at an Election of Representatives, shall not attend at the Church between Eight and Nine of the Clock in the Morning, and there continue until Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, unless it shall be otherwise agreed to by the Candidates (landing to be chosen Representatives, as aforesaid, such Sheriff shall forfeit to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money, to be to the same Uses, as aforesaid; and the Sheriff appointed, as aforesaid, shall, when he makes a Return of the Election before :he Governor, or Commander in Chief, take the following Oath, to be administred by the Secretary

XA.B. do swear. That according to the heft of my Skill and Judgment, the Return by me now made upon the EleBian of Representatives for the Parish of is according to this Law, and without Favour or AffeBion, Hatred or Malice3 to any Person whatsoever.

And upon wilful Refusal of acting in such Office, or of taking such Oath, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds^ to be to the same Uses, as aforesaid.

And forasmuch as the Sheriffs in the respective Parishes on Elections are, by the aforesaid Clause, obliged.to attend the said Election from between the Hours of Eight and Nine of the Clock in the Morning, until Four in the Afternoon, by which Means they may be prevented from giving their Suffrage in any other Parish ,where they may have a Free-hold : Be it therefore enacted

Hh by

242

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Sheriffs shall fend his Letter to any other Sheriff within the Hours aforesaid, signifying his Inclination to vote for any Persons {landing Candidates in such Parish, the said Letter shall be deemed as good and legal a Vote as if the said Sheriff had been personally present, and voted j and if, upon such Letter sent, there shall happen to be a controverted Election before the General Assembly, the fame appearing upon Oath, shall be allowed to be good and valid to all Intents, Confirmations, and Purposes whatsoever.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons to whom the Writs shall be directed, to prevent unnecessary Disputes and Mi-flakes, shall, in a Paper of several Columns, set down the Names of the Freeholders proposed to be voted for, and shall cause each Voter to subscribe his Name, or set his Mark under the Person’s Name he votes for; and the Person to whom the Writ shall be directed, as aforesaid, shall not admit any Man to set his Name, as aforesaid, unless he be qualified to give his Vote, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Law j and the Two Persons who shall have the Majority of Votes, shall be by the Sheriff returned upon Oath to be legally chosen j so that for the future it shall not be in the Power of the Person to whom the Writ shall be directed, to make any Special Return, unless it fall out that the Candidates shall have an equal Number of Votes.

Provided nevertheless, That if any Person who shall offer to vote at any Election of Representatives or Vestry Men, shall be cautious of swearing to his Freehold, not well understanding the Law, so that his Vote cannot be received at the Election, yet if such Election happen to be controverted, and his Freehold shall appear to have been good at the time of the Election, such Vote shall be allowed of, upon such controverted Election, as good to all Intents and Purposes as if it had been taken at the Election.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Elections of Vestry Men, the fame Methods shall be taken as for Assembly Men, by the Freeholders writing down their Names in several Columns, which is to be done, and the Votes taken, by the eldest Justice'present and if no Ju-slice be present, then by the Vestry Man first named in the Church Books of the last Vestry, and present, who has hereby the fame Power to administer any Oath relating to any Person’s Freehold, as the Sheriffs have on Election of Assembly Men; and all Titles and Controversies that cannot be decided at the said Election by virtue of this Law, are to be decided before the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, and Council, after the fame Method as the Election of Representatives is to be before the Assembly.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever for the future shall be elected a Representative or Assembly Man, shall, before the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, and Council, take the Oaths appointed instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in an Act, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Sttbjefts, and settling the Successum of the Crown, and all other Oaths and Tests taken and subscribed by the Members of the House of Commons in England; which Oaths shall be administred by the Secretary for the time being, in the Presence of the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, and Council; and any Person elected a Representative, who shall refuse to take the said Oaths, or take and subscribe the skid Tests, shall be, and are hereby rendred unca-pable of serving as a Representative or Assembly Man for that Assembly then chosen, and a new Writ shall issue immediately to choose another in his room.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be chosen or serve as a Vestry Mail, or vote for Representatives or Vestry Men, who shall refuse to take the Oaths appointed to be taken instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, if thereto required by any of the Electors pre-fenr, before any Justice of tlje Peace there present 5 but if no Justice be pre-

fenr,

- <- — — r-ttih'-in--—'--

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

245

sent, then before that Person of the last Vestry who is first named in the Church Books, and shall be present j who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, if demanded; except Quakers, whole Affirmation shall be as good and valid to qualify thefn to elect Representatives or Vestry Men as an Oath, but not to be elected.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case ahy Member of the Assembly shall be removed, die, or depart this Island, or shall be expelled the House, according to the Rules thereof, the Governor or Commander in Chief, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, shall, within Forty Days after such Removal, Death, Departure, or Expulsion, issue a new Writ, directed to the eldest Counsellor of the Parish where such Aftem-bly Man shall be wanting; and if no Counsellor shall live in that Parish, or decline, as aforesaid, then to such other Person as the Governor, or Commander in Chief, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council for the time being, shall think fit, for choosing another Person to terve in the Assembly, after the same Manner and Method as the first Choice was.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall presume to violate the Freedom of Elections for Assembly Men or Vestry Men by Menaces or Threats, or endeavour to force any Freeholder to vote for any Person or Persons against his or their Inclination, Intention, or Conference j or shall, by virtue of any Office, call the Inhabitants into Arms, or they being under Arms, shall detain or hinder them from voting, with Intent to make them vote contrary to their Inclinations, Intents, or Confidences; or shall make any Sham Freeholders, or hire, or otherwise procure any Vote; or who shall, after the Election is over, menace, defpightfully use, or abuse any Freeholder, because lie hath not voted as he would have had him, such Person, so offending, if he be chosen a Representative, shall, upon due Proof thereof be? fore the General Assembly, be by them, or the major part of them, expelled the House during that Assembly, and a new Writ Or Writs shall be issued, and another or other Member or Members chosen, after the same manner as in this Act is appointed, upon the Removal, Death, Going off, or Expulsion of any Member of the Assembly j and every Person or Persons, besides those chosen Representatives, that shall be guilty of any the aforesaid Practices, shall, upon due Proof by Two credible Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, current Money of this Island, for each Offence to' Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages, one Half to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and the other to the Informer.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever the Writs shall be issued for eleding Representatives, all and every such Writs shall be published in the several Churches in this Island the Three next succeeding Sunday following the Date thereof, by the Minister of the Parish, as for-, merly in the like Cafes have been used; and if by the wilful Neglect or Default of the Sheriff or Minister, to whom the said Writs shall be directed, they shall not be published accordingly, such Person shall forfeit and pay to Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for the Use of the Fortifications; and new Writs shall be immediately issued after the fame Method as in case of the Removal, Death,. Going off, or Expulsion of any Member of the Assembly.

A u d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all De-cifions of Controverted Elections before the Assembly, the Speaker shall take the following Oath before the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, or One of the Members of Her Majesty's Council; which said Member of the Council is hereby impowered to administer the same, and give a Gerti-. ficate thereof, ("viz.)

H h 2 L A. B.

244

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully and jujlly give my Opinion on the Decijion of the EleSlion now controverted between C.D. and E. F. according to the heft of my Skill and Judgment.

And then the Speaker'shall administerto every Member of the Assembly present the like Oath; and if any the Members shall refuse or deny taking such Oath, then he or they shall be expelled the House, and others chosen in Manner and Form aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall wilfully fbrfwear him, her, or them lei ves, or faborn, or attempt to suborn, any Witness or Witnesses in Matters of Election either of Representatives or Vestry Men, he, she, or they so forswearing themselves, suborning, or attempting to suborn others, as aforesaid, shall be proceeded against and punished as in case of wilful Perjury.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as would controvert the Return of any Election of Members to lit in the General Assembly of this Island, shall lodge their several Petitions or Complaints with the Clerk of the Assembly within Three Days after the first Meeting of such Assembly, and shall attend and prosecute such their Complaint at such Time or Times as the Assembly shall appoint.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill shall be read a Third time, in order to be passed into a Law, until such time as all the Controverted Elections shall be determined.

Provided nevertheless, That such Persons as do not lodge their Complaints within the Time herein before appointed, or prosecute the fame, as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have no just Cause of Complaint.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall presume to come into the House of Assembly, and ad as a Member thereof, that hath not been cholen and sworn according to the Appointment of this Act, and the true Intent and Meaning thereof, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages, one Half to be applied to the Use of the Fortifications, and the other to the Informer.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, after due Publication thereof, shall be returned in Six Days by the Ministers of the respective Parishes of this Island, together with a Certificate of its being published, to the Member of Her Majesty s Council therein resident; or in case there be no such Member of the Council, to One of the Representatives of the Laid Parish; and in Default thereof, the Minister to pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act, not otherwise herein before declared how they are to be recovered or disposed of, shall be to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and are hereby appointed to be recovered as in case of Servants W ages.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That these following Acts, (viz. ) One Ad, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate and preserve the f reedom of Elections, and appointing who shall be deemed Free-holaers, and be capable of elefiing, or being defied, Representatives, Vestry Men, or to serve as Jurors to try Real Afiions within this Island, bearing Date the Fifth Day of August, One thousand six hundred and ninety seven , a supplemental Act to

the

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

*45

the said Act, bearing Date the Eighth Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and five; and One other Act, intituled, An Act impowering the Freeholders of the Parish of St. Thomas to meet and chuse a Vestry, bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and four, shall be and are hereby severally repealed, and made null and void; to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever.

Pass'd the 2 4th Day of June, 1709.

An Act to render more effectual certain Legacies given and 55s. bequeathed by Captain Williams deceased, to the Parishdfrfw* of Christ Church within this Island, Pals’d in October,

1709.

An Act to dock the Entail of certain Lands in the Parish o/c£m5ed9‘ St. Philip, and of several Negro Slaves, and to vejt the*lJa" '7lu fame in Benjamin Chapman, Planter, in Fee-Simple.

An Act to dock the Entail of certain Lands in the Parish of Christ-Church in this Island, and of fever at Negro Slaves and also of a certain Parcel of Land lying and being in the Town of St. Michael, and to vest the Fee-Simple of the said Land and Negroes in Alice Tickle, Spinjier and of the Parcel of Land in St. Michael’j Town, in Francis Jemmott, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever.

An Act for giving further Time for Payment of the Levy lately raised on the Inhabitants of this Island. *p,K

An Act appointing an Agent, and the Payment of his Salary, R^jl2;a for transaBing and negotiating the Affairs of this Island 2ft A£?epafs’dla Great Britain. "7l7‘

An Act for the immediate Support and Subsistence of the ral Gunners and Matroffes employed in the everal Fortifica-tions of this Island.

An Act to enable and impower the Jurvroing aBing Execidor

of Johanna Parris Widow, deceased, to feU and dispose of cer~ NntM-17,54 tain Lands, Buildings, and Negro Slaves, devised by the Last Will and Tefiament of the said Johanna Parris, to and for the Vfes and Purposes herein mentioned.

An

2+6

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

313° 565

Expired in

»7iJ.

• An Act for laying an Impoftion on Wines and other Strong Liquors imported this Island, to raise Money for the carrying o?i the Fortifications , for Payment of such Officers as are or shall he imployed here at the Publick Charge; and for fitch other Publick Uses as are herein appointed.

H^itsEffffk An Act declaring that the Court of Common-Pleas for the Pre-cinBs of Christ-Church and St. Philip, may he holden on Monday and Tuesday, the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Days of March, One thousand seven hundred and twelve, and so succesjively from time to time, as the Law direBs.

313" 567.

Had its Effect. rev}ve ang cofitinue an Act for holding a Court of

Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Goal Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace in this Island.

568.

Expired. jor fjje £nc0uragement of Robert Mc Curdey, in his

new ProjeBion of raising Water with an Engine Forty Foot High in this Island,

.313" 569* ' ’

ixpired. jiff. iQ raijy a Levy on the several Inhabitants of this Island,

313" 570.

An Act relating to the Spring or Rivulet called The Three Hou-fes Spring, in the Parish of St. Philip.

WHEREAS it hath been constantly experienced to be the Wisdom of our Ancestors of all Nations, to preserve, promote, and confirm, by wholesome Laws, the Benefits, Blessings, and Emoluments granted to us for the general Use, Advantage, and publick interest of the Subject : And whereas some of the ancient Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Philip, in the said Island of Barbadoes, have, with united Charge, Labour, and Industry, dug and drawn a Rivulet in the said Parish, commonly called The Three Houses Spring, as Well for the Benefit of the adjacent Inhabitants through whose Lands it did naturally tend, and whose interest, by means whereof, in extreme wet Years, did most and greatly suffer, as also for the common and free Use and Service of the fame in very dry Years, when whilst the poor Inhabitants nor their Stock can subsist, without partaking of such a Blessing, which being lately altered, diverted, stopped, and rendred useless, and many poor Families thereby reduced to great Necessities and Miseries, against the general Service and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish : For Remedy whereof^ and the Prevention of the like Abuses for the future. Be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther, Efcfc Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Cha-ribbee Islands, &c. the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Eland, and by the Authority of the same, That

from

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

247

from and after Publication of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for all or any the said adjacent Inhabitants, through whose Land the said Rivulet runneth, to make such a reasonable Dam, and detain and draw off the said Water into his or their Chanel, Ditch or Pond, or other necessary Use, as he or they shall think most proper for his or their Occasion: Provided that no such Dam, Drain, or Chanel be so taken as thereby to dry the River below them, but that there shall be always a Stream kept running down the said River or Chanel to a Pond situate at the End of the said River’s Course, commonly called Brown's Bond; which Pond shall be always kept full by the Surveyors of the said Parish for the publick Use 5 provided the Owner or Proprietor of the said Pond do not debar any Person from watering thereat, but that at all times it may and shall be free for any the said Parishioners to water their Stock thereat.

And it is hereby further provided, and it is the Intent and Meaning of this Act, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any time make a Dam, or keep 1 ny Branch or Drain of the said River into his Land longer than the Space of Eight and forty Hours at a time, but then shall break down his said Dam, or flop his said Chanel or Chanels that did convey the Water into his Pond, or ottier Receptacle, and thereby permit the River to run without Let, so that the Person next below him, and adjacent with the River, may have the like Opportunity and Advantage for the like limited Times, and so succesllvely each adjacent Person, as they fall in Course, along the Banks of the said River : And that any Two Justices of the Peace of the said Parish shall and are hereby authorized and fully impowered, from time to time, as oft as Occasion shall require, to summon and command the sworn Surveyors of the Highways, or any Two of them, to view the said Rivulet, Stream, or Watercourse, issuing and running from the Spring of Water, commonly called The Three Houses Springs and order that the said Surveyors run, lay out, and appoint the said Rivulet or Stream to be run and carried in manner aforesaid, and in the fame Chanel, and through the fame Lands and Plantations as formerly, when first dug, and since continued and used, without the Let, Hindrance, Alteration, or Disturbance of any Person or Persons whatsoever, except as above expressed; and that it shall and may be lawful and free for such of the said Inhabitants as are willing and desirous to promote the Common Good and Benefit of the said Parish, together with the Surveyors aforesaid, to have free Liberty, Licence, and Power, at the Direction, Order, and Appointment of the said Justices and Surveyors, to clear, cleanse, open, cut, and scour the said Rivulet, Stream, or Watercourse, in order to make it more useful, beneficial, and commodious to the said Inhabitants, as well in .general as adjacent, without Prejudice to the Lands and Plantations of any particular adjacent Person. And further, if it shall be for the greater Benefit and publick Advantage of the Inhabitants aforesaid, such Justices and Surveyors, as aforesaid, are hereby impowered to order the feicf Rivulet to be further opened and inlarged, cur, cleared, amended, and re-formed, as to their Judgment and Discretion shall seem just and reasonable, and to make the fame more useful and commodious, and also to prevent the fame from overflowing and becoming in great. Rains and Floods' injurious or anyways prejudicial to the Lands and Plantations of the said adjacent Inhabitants, as frequently heretofore hath been, to their great Damage, and to cause such Ponds or Sucks to be dug from time to time, at the Charge e£ the said adjacent Inhabitants of the Parish, as may render the fame effectual and useful to the Publick.

And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for tire said Justices, on Complaint of any of the Inhabitants aforesaid, that they, or ah y of them, are hindred, letted, prejudiced, injured, opposed, dr prevented in the Works aforesaid, or of any Nusance, to do all such lawful. Acts. and Things as may be thought necessary to preserve the Peace, and punishOffenders against this Law, according as the fame shall' appear just and legal unto them; and for

248

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

for the free Use thereof it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, to and with the Surveyors aforesaid, at all time and times, as it shall appear expedient, to lay out such convenient and fit Foot-Path or Foot-Paths, not exceeding Two Foot in Breath, by the Side of the said River or Water-course, as they in Prudence shall think proper, for the free Use and Access to the Kivulet or Water-course, and to all and every the necessary and convenient Parts thereof.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon any Complaint relating to this Act made to the said Justices, that it shall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby required and authorized to sum-nion the said Surveyors, and appoint and order them how and in what manner the Rivulet, Stream, or Water-course aforesaid shall run or be laid out, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, and this to be done within Six Days after Complaint made > and the said Surveyors are also hereby required to run and Jay out the said Rivulet, Stream, or Water-course in Four Days after Order of the said Justices, in such manner as shall be by them directed and ordered, under the like Penalty of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages j and also all such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, as shall at any time be laid and imposed on any Offender against this Act, shall be recovered as in case of Servants Wages, as aforesaid, the one Half to Her Majesty, and the other Half to the Informer.

Whereas the said Spring runneth fitft through the Estate of John Braithwaite deceased, it is therefore thought reasonable that the said Eft.cte should have a greater Advantage from the said Rivulet or Spring than others , Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or P (feflor of the said Estate for the time being mail and may make such a reasonable Dam, and detain and draw off the said Water into his Chanel, Ditch, or Pond, or for any other necessary Use, after the same Manner, and under the fame Provisoes, Limitations, and Conditions, as is in this Act before mentioned and exploded, for the Space of Seventy two Hours, instead of Forty eight Hours, which is allowed to other Persons in this Act, and not otherwise.

Pdfs’d the 9th Day of June, 1713.

EjR°57l. An Act to impovoer the Vestry of St. James\r to proportion the p e ’ Levy laid on the Hole Town, by virtue of an Act hearing Date the izth Day of June, 1713.

JT3° 572. An additional AB to an Act, intituled, An Act to raise a Le-txpireJ' vy on the several Inhabitants of this Island.

38° 573* An Act to ascertain the Dimensions of Boards, Blank Staves, Shingles, and Heading, that shall he imported into this Island.

WHERE AS there have been many Abusesput upon the Inhabitants of this Island by the Importation of unfizeable Planks, Boards, Staves, Headings and Shingles from New England, and other Parts of the Continent of America : For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent that the Inhabitants of this Island shall for the future be certain of the Length, Breadth, and Thick-ness of Boards, Planks, Staves, Heading, and Shingles, Be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther, Esqj Captain General and Governor in Chief of 5 "* this

The LAWS of B ARlSADOES

249

this and other the Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guarde-loupe, &c. the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council* and the General Assembly of this Wand, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, upon or after the First Day of January^ in the Year of our Lord God One thousand seven hundred and thirteen, import into the Wand aforesaid any Boards, Planks, Staves, Heading, and Shingles, of any other Length, Breadth, and Thickness, than is or are herein after mentioned and expressed, shall forfeit the fame (that is to say ) That all Boards shall be One Inch thick, and not under; that all Pipe Staves shall be Five Foot and Six Inches long, One Inch thick, and Four Inches broad, and not under* that all Staves of White and Red Oak shall be Three Foot and a half Jong, Four Inches broad, and half an Inch thick, and not under j that all Deal Planks shall be Two Inches thick, and not under $ that all Shingles shall be Eighteen Inches and half long, Five Inches broad, and half an Inch thick, and not under; which said Shingles shall be without Sap; and lastly, that all White Oak Heading shall be Two Foot and Six Inches long. Six Inches broad, and One Inch thick, and not under.

And that this Act may have its full Force and Effect* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a publick Person be appointed to see this Act put in Execution, and that his said Excellency will be pleased to nominate such Person, and to invest him with full Power and Authority to inspect all Wharfs, Yards, Warehouses, Cellars, and other Places where Planks, Boards, Staves, Heading, and Shingles aforesaid, lit all be (lowed and kept, and to see that the fame do agree with this Act in Length, Breadth, and Thickness and if the said Person, so nominated and impowered by his said Excellency aforesaid, do find any Planks, Boards, Staves, Heading, and Shingles* as aforesaid, on or after the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and thirteen, not to be of the Length, Breadth, and Thickness aforesaid, the same shall be, by the Officer so appointed, forfeited and seized, the one Half to the Use of the said Officer, and the other Half shall be to the Use of the Publick.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Officer* so nominated, as aforesaid, by his Excellency, shall have Power at all times, between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Evening, to enter into and upon any of the Wharfs, Yards, Warehouses, Cellars* or other Repofi- tories for Boards, Planks, Staves* Heading, and Shingles aforesaid within this Wand; and in case of Denial or Refusal within the Hours aforesaid* then it shall be lawful for him to break open any Door, Lock, Bolt, or Bar* and enter into the fame, and there measure any or all of the Boards, Planks, Staves, Heading, of Shingles so imported, as aforesaid, and to compare his Measure- ment with the Marks upon any Boards* Timber, or Plank j and if he shall find that they are not rightly measured, and do fall short in Length* Breadth, or Thickness, then the said Owner or Owners thereof shall forfeit the fame* and the said Officer shall seize them, the One Half thereof to be to the Use of the said Officer, and the other Half for the Uleof the Publick.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Officer shall, from time to time, and at all times, after the said First Day of January in the Year aforesaid, give in to the Committee of Publick Accounts a particular Account in Writing of all such his Proceedings pursuant to this Act.

And for the better Encouragement of the said Officer in doing his Duty by virtue of this Act : Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Officer shall receive the yearly Sum of Thirty Pounds current Money to be paid out of the publick Treasury of this Wand*

Taft*d the 17th Day of August, 1713.

n

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

250

J12° 574- An Act appointing an Agent, and the "Payment of his Salary for transaBing and negotiating the Ajfairs of this Island in Great Britain.

JI2° 575* J[n Additional AB to an Act, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders, and capable of electing, or being elected Representatives, Vestry Men, or to serve as Jurors to try Real Actions within this Island.

WHEREAS there was no Provision made in the said Act for those Persons that stand as Candidates for the General Assembly that have Freeholds in several Parishes j and whereas it is as reasonable that those Persons who stand as Candidates, and have Freeholds in several Parishes, may have the Advantage of voting by Letter, as those Persons who are appointed to take the Poll in several Parishes : Be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Eftj; Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and o'her the Charibbee Islands, to Windward of Guardelottp?, Sec. the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That whosoever Hands Candidate for any of the Parishes of this Island for the time to come, at a General El- ftion of Assembly Men, may fend his or their Letter to the Sheriffs of the Parishes where he has a Freehold, and that the fame Letter shall be received by the Sheriff upon the Poll for the Persons whom he would have voted for, had he been there prefenr, in the fame Method and Manner as is directed and appointed in the said Act for the said Sheriffs.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff shall receive the Votes upon the Poll of any Person or Persons that shall swear him or themselves duly qualified according to the former Law j and if any Sheriff Lhall refuse any Person that shall so offer his Vote, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money for each Person so refused, to be recovered by the Person grieved before the nearest Justice of the Peace to the Party grieved, as in the case of Servants Wages.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person or Persons that hold their Estate by a Conveyance made by a Tenant in Tail, his Vote shall not be received by any Sheriff upon the Poll, or allowed of, upon the controverted Elections before the Assembly j any Custom or Ufige to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person that stands a Candidate, and fends his Letter or Letters to any of the Parishes, as aforesaid, shall be sworn before any of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace within Forty eight Hours before the Election, or before the Sheriff that takes the Poll where he stands Candidate, upon the Day of Election, that he sincerely stands to be elected for the Parish where he intends to have, or has caused his Name to be put on the Poll, without any other Design or Intention whatsoever j and the said Justice or Sheriff is hereby required to certify on the Bottom of the Letter, that is sworn according to this Act : And

lastly, whatsoever Sheriff or Justice of the Peace that shall refuse to administer the Oath immediately on Demand of the Party so Handing, as aforesaid, and at

the

y

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 251

the same time subscribe the Letter, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, current Money, to the Person so aggrieved, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages.

Pass'd the 24th Day of August, 1713*

An Act to revive and continue an Act for holding a Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Goal Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace in this Island.

576>

WHEREAS there was an Act made the Eleventh Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and eight, intituled, An Act for holding the Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Goal Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace, every Second Tuesday in the Months of June and December successively : And whereas the said Grand Sessions has riot been held since December, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eleven. Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lozvther, Esqj Her Majesty's Captain General and Governor iri Chief of this and other Her Majesty's Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloupe, &c. the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Clause, Matter, and Thing, mentioned in the said Act, shall be, and is hereby revived to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever; any thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Pass'd the i^th of November, 1713*

An Act to enable Her Majestys justices of the Peace to hold a J13° sf7* Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Goal Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace of this Island.

WHEREAS there Was ah Ad made the Eleventh Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and eight, intituled, An Act for holding the Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Goal Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace, every Second Tuesday in every Month of June and December successively : And whereas the said Grand Sessions has not been held since December, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eleven $ which said Act Was revived and continued by an Act dated the Thirteenth of November, One thousand seven hundred and thirteen, for holding a Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Goal Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace of this Island : And forasmuch as Writs have issued pursuant to the said Acts for holding the said .Courts, and directed to several Persons nominated and appointed Justices of the Peace, to nominate and appoint Six able and sufficient Free-holders of each Parish to attend the said Court: And whereas fame Persons, to whom the Writs were, directed, were not sworn at the time such Writs were directed, and others have returned some Persons that were Free-holders, though by Accid.ent they

I i a are

452 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

are become unqualified, yet to prevent the evil Consequences that may attend the Inhabitants of this Island by the long Continuance of their being bound over, and that speedy Justice may be done to Her Majesty's Subjects; Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lozvtber, Esq^ Her Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other Her Majesty's Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloupe, die. the Honourable the Members of Her Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That notwithstanding the said Writs were directed to such Persons that were not then sworn, the Persons returned not being qualified, the said Court shall be held pursuant to the said Statutes to all Intents, Purposes, and Confirmations whatsoever , any thing in the said Atts, or any other Act contained, or seeming to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Raft'd the 3d Day of December, 1713.

312° 578- An Act appointing an Agent for this Island in Great Britain.

AflTpaft’dy311 7»b> ms.

579> An Act for the Encouragement of a new Projection for Grind* ing of Sugar-Canes, and Drawing of Water, &c. by means of an Horizontal Wind-mill.

WHEREAS the Honourable Samuel Cox, Esq* hath informed us, that he hath, with great Difficulty and Expence, discovered a new Method for grinding of Sugar-Canes, and drawing of Water, &c. which will be very advantageous and beneficial to the Inhabitants of this Island, in respect it may be done with half the Charge, and much more Ease and Safety, than it hath hitherto been : To the end therefore that all due Encouragement be given to Ingenuity and Industry, when it tends to the publick Good of this Island; Be it therefore enacted by the Honourable William Sharpe, Esq; President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloupe, See. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Samuel Cox, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have the foie Benefit and Advantage of building Horizontal Wind-mills within this Island for the Term of Fourteen Years next to come from and after the Date of this Act; and whatsoever Person or Persons during the Time hereby limited, shall presume to make or use any Horizontal Wind-mill or Wind-mills, according to the Projection of the abovesaid Samuel Cox, without Licence in Writing first had under the Hand and Seal of him the fitid Samuel Cox, his Executors, Administrators^ or Assigns, he, file, or they shall respectively forfeit and pay to the said Samuel Cox, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, to be recovered before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island, who are hereby required to proceed as in case of Servants Wages.

An

Pass'dthe 19th Day ^September, 1714.

253

The LAWS of BARBA DOES;

An Act to inahte and impovoer the Treasurer of this island /or fc^°cd58°’ the time being, to pay unto Doctor Patrick Home the Arrears due to him on Account of the French Prisoners during the late War.

An Act for the Payment of a t>ent due froth the Puhltck to John JI3° 581. Sadlier of the Island of Jamaica Esq. E pited'

An Act appointing Agents to transaBl and negotiate the Ajf airs of this Island in Great Britain. 1 lts

An Act for the better Security of the several Ports, Bays, and 313° 583-Batteries of this Island, for appointing the Number of Matrons in each Division, and regulating the Payment of their Salaries.

FORASMUCH as the Security of this Place and People depends very much upon the Vigilance and Care of the several Gunners and Matroffes in this Island : To the end therefore that their several Duties may be ascertained, the Number for that Service, as well in Peace as in time of War, appointed, and that due Encouragement may be given to such as shall faithfully perform their respective Duties j Be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Esq j Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Cha-, ribbee lllands to Windward of Guardelcupe, the Honourable the Members of*

His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That for and during the Continuance of the Peace, the several Numbers of Gunners and Matrofles herein after mentioned, shall be, and ate hereby appointed to serve in the several Forts,' Bays, and Batteries within the respective Divisions of this Island in such manner as herein after is set forth and appointed that is to say. For the Forts and Batteries within the Division of Oijiines, One Chief Gunner, One Under Gunner, and Seven Ma-trolfes : For the Forts and Batteries within the Division of St. Michael, One Captain Gunner, Four Under Gunners, and Twenty Matrofles : For the Forts and Batteries within the Division of St. James, One Chief Gunner, Three Under Gunners, and Eight Matroffes: For the Forts and Batteries belonging to Reeds Bay Division, One Chief Gunner, Three Under Gunners, and Eight Matrofles : And for the Division of Slights Town, alias Little Bristol, One Chief Gunner, Three Under Gunners, and Fifteen Matrofles.

Akd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when, and as soon as War shall be declared against any the Enemies of the King’s Majesty, the following Number of Gunners and Matrofles shall be appointed to guard and take care of the several Fortifications of this Island j that is to say. For the Forts and Batteries within the Division of Ciflines* One Chief Gunner, One Under Gunner, and Fifteen Matrofles : For the Forts and Batteries within the Division of St. Michael, One Captain Gunner, Seven Under Gunners, and Forty Matrofles : For the Forts and Batteries within the Division of St. James*

One Chief Gunner, Three Under Gunners, and Sixteen Matrofles : For the

Forts

*54

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Forts and Batteries within Reeds Bay Division, One Chief Gunner, Three Under Gunners, and Twenty Matroffes : And for the Division of Spight's Town, alias Little Bristol, One Chief Gunner, Six Under Gunners, and Fifty Matrofles : All which Gunners and Matroffes shall be Freemen, and under no Obligation of Service to any Person whatsoever. And for authorizing and impowering all such Gunners and Matroffes, his Excellency, or the Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, is hereby humbly desired, from time to time, to issue forth his Commissions and Warrants to such Persons as he shall think fit to be Gunners and Matroffes for the several Divisions in this Island, as well during the Continuance of this Peace, as in case of a War and the said Gunners and Matroffes shall be under the Command of the several Colonels of the respective Divisions aforesaid; and in case of Mortality, or other Disability in the said Gunners and Matroffes, the Colonel of that Division where such Mortality or Disability shall happen, shall forthwith, from time to time, acquaint his Excellency, or the Commander in Chief for the time being, to the end that some other Persons may be appointed in his or their room, in manner aforesaid and his Excellency, or the Commander in Chief for the time being, is hereby humbly desired to poll: and distribute the several Gunners and Matroffes appointed, or to be appointed, in such manner as in his good Judgment shall be thought most useful for guarding and securing the several Forts, Towns, Bays, and Batteries in this Island from the Insults and Depredations of any His Majesty's Enemies, and to prevent the Running away of Boats and other Vessels.

And that the several Gunners, Under Gunners, and Matroffes, may have a sufficient Encouragement to perform the Duty required of them, and that they may constantly receive their Salaries without any Trouble or Charge; Be It enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Captain Gunner or Supervisor of the Division of St. "Michael, and all and every the Chief Gunners, Under Gunners, and Matroffes appointed, or to be appointed in manner aforesaid, shall be allowed and paid out of the publick Treasury of this Island, from the Money arising by the Excise on Strong Liquors imported, the several Salaries following, the Captain Gunner of St. Michael’s Division, for his extraordinary Duty, the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money per Annum; every other Chief Gunner, the Sum of Forty Pounds current Money per Annum; every Under Gunner, the Sum of Thirty Pounds per Annum and every Ma-trofs, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum; and the said Captain Gunner, and every other Chief Gunner of each Division, at the Expiration of e^ery Six Months, shall receive from the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, by an Order from the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Members of His Majesty's Council, One half part of their whole Year’s Salary due to themselves. Under Gunners, and Matroffes; and the Treasurer is hereby immediately, upon Sight of such Orders, to pay the same j and the said Captain Gunner, and Chief Gunners of every Division, shall, within Two Days after the Receipt of such Salaries, pay and distribute the same to the several Under Gunners and Matroffes, as the same shall be then due to them; and the said Captain Gunner, and other Chief Gunners, shall render an Account thereof once every Six Months, to the Chair-man of the Committee of Publick Accounts; and if the said Captain Gunner, or any other Chief Gunner, shall not, within Two Days after the Receipt of the said Salaries, pay unto the said Gunners and Matroffes their respective Salaries then due, the said Captain Gunner, or other Chief Gunner, detaining the fame, or any part, thereof, on Proof thereof before, any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island, shall forfeit to the Party grieved double the Sum so detained, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages, and be removed from his or their said Place by the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being.

And

255

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That once in Three Months (or oftner, if Occasion be) the Commissioners of the Fortifications, or any Three of them, shall muster the several Gunners and Matroffes, on such Days, and at such Places, as they shall appoint, in order to be viewed j and if upon Enquiry of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, it shall appear to them by Oath (which the said Commissioners, or any One of them, is hereby impowered to administer) that the said Gunners or Matroffes, or any of them, have not constantly served and performed their respective Duties in the Forts and Batteries within their several Divisions, or if any of them shall be found not qualified, the said Commissioners shall represent the same to the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, who is hereby desired to remove such Persons, and to appoint others in his or their Place or Places; and such of them as shall be found negligent in their Duty, shall also forfeit so much of his or their Pay as shall then be due to him or them.

And that the several Gunners and Matroffes may answer the Ends for which they are or shall be appointed. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Chief Gunner, Under-Gunner, and Matrofs, shall constantly attend at such Port, Fort, or Battery, as by the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, or the Colonels of the respective Divisions, shall be appointed, especially in the Night-time; and he or they shall not depart without Leave of the Governor or Commander in Chief, or Colonel of the Division, for the time being, in Writing, unless it be in case of Sickness, or other lawful Excuse, upon Pain of forfeiting his Place and Pay in manner aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chief Gunners in every the respective Divisions shall take care, that the several Under-Gunners and Matroffes constantly, by Turns, keep a strict and good Watch within their several Forts, Bays, and Batteries, especially in the Night-time, and that they perform and discharge all other necessary Duties; and the said Chief Gunners shall respectively take Care constantly to discipline and instruct the several Under-Gunners and Matroffes in the Art of Gunnery, and the, Use of Small Arms; and the several Colonels, or Chief Officer of each Division, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to inspect the Behaviour of the Gunners and Matroffes within their Division, from time to time, as they shall think fit.'

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any the Chief Gunners, Under-Gunners, Matroffes, Officer or Men upon Guard at the Magazine, on due Proof shall be found guilty of imbezilling or making Waste of the Stores or Ammunition within any the Forts, Batteries, or Magazine to which he or they belong, such Person shall be deemed a Felon, and as such shall be proceeded against by due Course of Law. And that good Order may be kept in the several Forts and Batteries of this Island, it any Gunner or Matrofs shall misbehave himself to his Superior Officer, or others, he shall be punished by Order of the Colonel, or Commander in Chief of the Division to which he belongs, according to the Rules and Discipline of War : Excepting in Capital Cafes touching Life or Member $ and in such case he shall be punished according to the Laws which are now', or hereafter shall be in Force in this Island, and no otherwise.

And whereas this Act doth require the several Gunners and Matroffes constantly to attend in the several Forts and Batteries of this Island within their respective Divisions j Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said . Chief Gunners, Under-Gunners, and Matroffes, shall not be compelled or required to appear in the several Foot-Companies or Troops in the Division w'hereto the several Forts and Batteries do belong, except by spedal Command from the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island, or Colonel of the respective Divisions in time of Alarums.

And whereas it is absolutely necessary that a constant Guard or Watch be kept upon the Magazine of this Island, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

25$ The LAWS of BARBADOES.

said, Th.it an Officer be commissionated by the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this island, with Twelve Men under his Command 5 which Officer shall constantly attend at the chief Magazine, and take Care that the Men under his Command do keep a strict Watch or Guard, by Turns, both Day and Night, and do such Duty there as the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this island, shall appoint j which Did Watch or Guard is hereby required to take particular Care, that no Negro or Negroes whatsoever be admitted to enter within the Doors or Gates of the Magazine. And the Did Officer and Men shall be paid, and receive out of the Money arising from the Duty on Strong Liquors, the several Salaries following, viz. the Officer the Sum of Forty five Pounds per Annum, and unto each Man under his Command the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum, by an Order from the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this island for the time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's Council of this island, to be paid unto the Officer of the Magazine at Four equal Payments in the Year from the Publication of this Act 5 and the said Officer of the Magazine is hereby required to pay unto the said Men under his Command, their Shares of the fame within Two Days after his Receipt thereof; and upon Failure in the Officer, he shall forfeit double the Sum to each Party grieved, to be recovered by Complaint to the next Justice of the Peace, as in case of Servants Wages And the said Officer and Men shall be furnished with Arms and Ammunition out of the Magazine for the Service aforesaid, and shall be accountable for the same.

And whereas it is highly necefliny, that the several Men appointed as Guards to the several Forts, Bays, Batteries, and Magazine of this island, should receive their several Salaries with as small Charge and Trouble as may bej Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chief Gunners of the respective Divisions to which they belong, and the Officer of the Magazine, shall, from time to time, as their several Salaries become due, deliver in upon Oath to the Secretary of this island for the time being, a true and just Account of what shall be due to themselves, Under-Gunners, Matrofles, and Men upon Guard at the Magazine and the said Secretary, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby impowered and required to administer the said . Oath to every of the said Chief Gunners, and Officer of the Magazine, that the said Account delivered unto him by them of the Salaries due to themselves, Under-Gunners, Matrofles, and Men at the Magazine, are really and bona fide due: Whereupon the said Secretary is hereby required to certify the fame, and annex such Account and Certificate to a Petition directed to the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, and Council, in the Name of each of the said Chief Gunners, and Officer of the Magazine, wherein shall be inserted the particular Salaries due to themselves, Under-Gunners, Matrofles, and Men upon Guard at the Magazine under their Care and Command; and if the said Secretary shall draw such Petition, he shall and may demand Five Shillings for drawing the fame, but not otherwise, and Five Shillings for an Order thereupon, and no more $ and in case the said Secretary shall not readily perform what is hereby required of him, or shall ask, demand, or receive more than what is hereby appointed him, the said Secretary shall forfeit and pay unto the Party or Parties grieved, the Sum of Twenty Pounds current Money, to be recovered before any One of His Majesty s Justices of the Peace, as in case of Servants Wages.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this island, shall command the Militia of this island on Duty at the several Forts, Bays, and Batteries of this island (except in case of Alarums, Insurrections, or Invasions) the several Salaries appointed by this Act to the Gunners, Under Gunners, Matrofles, Officer and Men upon Guard at the Magazine, shall cease, and become void, so long as

the

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

257

the said Militia shall remain upon Duty; and upon their being again discharged, the said Salaries shall respectively revive and be continued in manner above-mentioned.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Gunners, Under Gunners, and Matrofles, as also the Officer and Meil at the Magazine, appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, before they enter upon such Duty, take the Oaths appointed to be taken instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and declare and subscribe the Test, to be administred to them by the Colonels of the several and respective Divisions to which they belong.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be One Matter Gunner and Six Matrofles imployed to take Care of the Ordnance at 'Pilgrims and that the said Matter Gunner shall receive for his Salary at and after the Rate of Forty Pounds current Money per Annum> and each Matrofs after the Rate of Twenty five Pounds of like Money per Annum; which Salaries shall be paid out of the Duty arising on Wines and other strong Liquors imported, in the same manner as herein before is appointed for the other Gunners and Matrofles, imployed or to be imployed by virtue of this Act.

And whereas several indirect Practices have been heretofore made use of by the several Colonels and other Officers within this Island, to prevent such Person or Persons as were Freeholders, on Guard under their several Commands, from giving their free and voluntary Suffrages upon Elections of Aflfem-bly and Vestry Men, by confining such Freeholders, or otherwise mifufing them with great Severity, if they voted contrary to their Officers Inclinations : For Remedy whereof, and Prevention of such evil Practices, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any the Gunners, Matrofles, Officer, or Men appointed, or to be appointed by this Act, shall happen to be Freeholders, such Persons shall, from time to time, and at all times, have full Liberty, upon all Elections either of Assembly or Vestry Men, to go and give their Vote or Votes where they shall think fit, without any Hindrance whatsoever; andi in case they shall be prevented by any Colonel, or other Officer whatsoever, or misused before or after their having voted upon Account of such their Voting, such Colonel or other Officer shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, one Moiety thereof to the Party grieved, and the other Moiety for and towards Repair of the Fortifications of this Island, to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages; and such Officer or Officers shall be rendred incapable of holding any Commission in this Island for the future.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or other Vessel shall attempt to go or depart from any the Ports of this Island, without due Clearances from all and every the Offices appointed by Law, as also from the chief Fort where such Ships shall ride or be at an Anchor*’ it shall be lawful for the chief Gunner, or any the Under Gunners of such Fort, to give Directions for the Discharge of so many Guns, with great Shot* as shall be necessary to flop orprevent such Ship or Vessel from departing $ and in case any Ship or other Vessel shall sustain any Damage by means thereof, the said Chief Gunner, Under Gunner, or Matrofs, shall not be liable to any Forfeiture, Lois, or Damage, but shall be, and is hereby exempted, acquitted* and discharged therefrom; and upon any Action which shall be brought against the Captain Gunner, or other chief Gunner, Under Gunner, or Matrofs* because of any Damage which shall be so sustained, it shall be lawful to plead this Statute in Bar, or give the fame in Evidence, and it shall be allowed in all or any the Courts of Judicature within this Island, where such Prosecution shall be commenced.

Kk

And

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

458

A'Nt) be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all other Acts heretofore made touching or concerning the Gunners and Matrofles, and such part of any Act as relates to the guarding of the Magazine, shall be, and are hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Pa fid the 2 Sth Day of September, 1715.

5s4. An Act for laying an Imposition on Wines and other Strong Li-Expired. quors imported this Island, to raisie Money for carrying on the Fortifications; for Payment of finch Officers as are or shall be imployed here at the Publick Charge and for finch other Publick Ufies as are herein appointed.

jQ0 585. An Act for compiling the Lares of this Island.

312° 5s6- An Act to prevent the Exportation of Horfies and Asses this Island.

WHEREAS there hath been of late a very great Mortality among the Horses and other live Stock in this Island, notwithstanding which forne Persons for Lucre and Gain have exported great Numbers of Horses and Afles from this Island to other Parts, to the great Prejudice of this Place and People: Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guar deloupe, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Publication of this Act, every Person whatsoever who shall ship off or export, or cause to be shipped off or exported from this Island to any Part whatsoever, any Horse or Horses, Afs or Asses, shall pay, and is hereby made liable to a Tax of Twenty Pounds current Money for every such Horse or Afs, the same to be paid to the Treasurer of this Island for the time being; and if any Person whatsoever, so shipping or exporting, or causing to be shippedor exported such Horses or Asses, shall neglect or refiife to pay the said Tax to the said Treasurer within Twenty four Hours after such Shipping or Exportation, he or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay double the said Sum for each Horse or Afs so exported or shipped off, to be levied by Execution under the Hand and Seal of the Treasurer for the time being, directed to any Constable, upon any the Goods, Chattels, or other Effects of the Person offending, and in Default thereof, then on the Body j and in case that is not to be discovered or found, then the said Execution shall, by the said Constable, be levied upon the Goods, Chattels, or other Effects of the Security or Securities for the Vessel wherein such Horses or Asses were exported; which Sum or Sums of Money, and the Forfeitures by this Act accruing, shall be and enure to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to and for the Use herein after mentioned, that is to say, for and towards Payment of the Publick Debts of this Island j and the Treasurer for the time being is hereby required to apply the fame accordingly.

Pafid the 27th Day of September, 1715. c

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

259

An Act to raise a Levy on the several Inhabitants of this jr° 587.

Island. Expired.

An Act for the better Establishment of the everal Fortifications JR° 58S> of this Island.

WHEREAS the several Fortifications of this Island are at this time very much gone to Decay, and it being absolutely necessary for the Honour of the Government, as well as the Safety of this Place, that the said Fortifications should be well and sufficiently repaired, and at all times for the future kept and preserved in a good Posture of Defence : Be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lovother Esq:, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guardeloupe, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person in this Island, being seized or possessed of Ten or more Acres of Land in Right of him, her, or themselves, or in the Right or Occupation of any other Person or Persons, shall, and is hereby obliged,under the Penalties herein after mentioned, afioon and as often as thereto required by the Commissioners of the Fortifications herein after appointed, or any Three of them, to fend One able White Man, Negro, or other Slave, to work on the Fortifications of this Island Two entire Days, and so for every Ten Acres of Land that any Person or Persons are or shall be possessed of.

And whereas divers Persons in this Island, who have not Ten Acres of Land, have nevertheless other valuable Possessions in Negroes, Houses, and Personal Estate, and therefore ought to contribute to the Publick Safety : Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person in this Island, being an Owner or Possessor in any Right of a House or Houses in or near any the Towns of this Island, of the Value of Ten Pounds per Annum, or upwards,' shall, and is hereby obliged to fend One able Labourer to work on the Fortifications of this Island in manner abovementioned j and so for every Ten Pounds per Annum which such House or Houses are or shall be leased or rented for : And every Person whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be possessed in any Right of Five working Slaves (excepting such Persons as shall lend Labourers for their Plantations) shall, and is hereby obliged to fend Two able Labourers to work Two entire Days on the Fortifications, and so proportionably for every Five such Slaves which any Person or Persons shall be seized or possessed of; and the Commissioners of the Fortifications have hereby full Power and Authority, joyntly or severally, to administer any Oath or Oaths to any Person or Persons whatsoever, touching or concerning the Value of any House or Houses, or the Number or Numbers of Slaves, in any Person’s Possession.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, who by this Act are, or shall be obliged to fend any Number of Labourers to work on the Fortifications, shall, and is hereby required to provide them, and every of them, with sufficient and wholesome Provisions, and to furnish so many of them with Pickaxes, Crows, Sledges, Houghs, Bills, and Baskets, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall direct.

And to the end that a certain proportionable Quantity of Labour, hereby, assessed, may be appointed to each Precinct or Division, Be it enacted by: the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons by this Act required

K k a ' " " to

V

26c

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

to furnish any Quota or Quota’s of Labour out of Oiftinesh Town, or out of St. Philip's and Christ Church Parishes, they, and every of them, shall work their, and each of their respective Levies in the Precind or Division of Christ Church, otherwise known by the Name of The Windward Division $ and all and every Person or Persons hereby obliged to furnish Labourers out of Bridge Town, or the Parishes of St Michael, St. George, and St. John, shall work their respective Levies in the Precind or Division of St. Michael, otherwise called The Bridge Division; and all and every Person or Persons hereby obliged to furnish. Labourers out of the Hole Town, or the Parishes of St. Thomas and St. James, shall work their respective Levies within the Precind or Division commonly called The whole Division; such part of the aforesaid Levies only excepted in the Parishes aforesaid, as shall arise or become payable out of the District of the Regiment now under the Command of Colonel John Waterman; and all and every Person and Persons hereby obliged to furnish Labourers within the Parishes of St. Andrew and St. Joseph, and other Parts of the District of the aforesaid Regiment, are hereby appointed to work their respective Levies within the Precind or Division of the Sea Coast, commonly known by the Name of Reeds Bay Division; and the Rest and Residue of the Labourers hereby assessed (viz.) what shall arise out of the Town of Little Bristol, alias Spights Town, as also what shall hereby accrue out of the District of the Regiment raised in the Parishes of St. Peter All Saints, and St. Lucy, and other Parts of the District of the said Regiment, shall be wrought within the Leeward Precind or Division, commonly distinguished by the Name of Spights Division.

Be it futher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when, and as often as the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, shall give Directions, any Three or more of the Commissioners herein after appointed, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to summon the said Parties within their respective Precincts to fend their Labourers to work, as aforesaid, by their Warrant directed to any Constable within the said Precincts; and it" any Person or Persons shall refuse, upon Summons, as aforesaid, to fend their Number of Labourers, with their Provisions and Implements, the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, have hereby full Power and Authority, by Warrant of Distress under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Constable, to levy Five Shillings per Day for each Labourer on any the Estate of the Party foin Default, and Six Pence in Default of each the Implements aforementioned, provided such Labourers shall be actually sent without them; in which Proceedings the fame Methods are to be used as in case of Servants Wages , and the fame Fees taken; and the Money arising thereby to be paid to the said Commissioners, or any One of them, for the Uses herein after by this Act appointed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, the Gentlemen of the Assembly, Re-fident in each Parish, District, or Division, together with all and every the Field-Officers of this Island, in the Precincts where the Regiments are to which they belong, or shall be ported in case of Alarums, or any Three of them, are hereby appointed Commissioners in their respective Precincts, Districts, or Divisions, as aforesaid; and are hereby authorized and impowered, in their respective Divisions, to order, appoint, and dispose of the Labour of Hands and Money arising by this Act, for clearing the old Trenches, digging or throwing up new Ones, repairing or building of Guard-houses, Breast-works, and other Fortifications, and mounting of great Guns; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby fully impowered and authorized to employ a Clerk in each Division, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Annum for each Clerk, and to impress, hire, or employ all manner of Labourers, Workmen, and Artificers within

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 261

their respective Precincts, to work on the Forts and Fortifications, to build; repair, and amend them, to mount the great Guns, to make, amend, and repair Carriages for great Guns, to impress Horses, Cattle, Carts, Wains, Boats, or other Conveniences, for carrying Stones, Timber, or other Materials for the Use of the Fortifications j and further, to do all such other Labour and Artifice as shall be adjudged necessary to be done and performed for the better Safeguard and Defence of this Island : And the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, have hereby full Power and Authority to appoint some fit and proper Person in each Division to supervise and take care that the Work on the said Fortifications be carefully and diligently carried on, according to the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and to appoint a Salary or Salaries for such Supervisor or Supervisors, not exceeding the Sum of Twelve Pounds per Month for such Person as shall be employed for St. Michael's Division, and Ten Pounds per Month for each of the other Divisions; but such Allowance or Salary shall not be paid, but only for and during such Time as the Labour on the said Fortifications shall be actually carried on; and to do all and every ocher Thing or Things, Act or Acts, necessary for the carrying on the said Work with Expedition and Advantage; and the Salaries or Allowance to the said Clerks and Supervisors, as also the Value of Labourers or Artificers Work, the Hire of such Cattle, Horses, Carts, Wains, Boats, drc. as may, for the Services aforesaid, be impress’d, shall be certified by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, according to the Merit of such Services, to the Governor and Council, or to the Commander in Chief and Council for the time being j who are hereby desired, upon such Certificate, to issue their Order or Orders, directed to the Treasurer of this Island, who is hereby impowered and required to pay all such Orders out of the Produce of the Excise, or such other Fund as shall be raised for the more speedy Payment of such Orders > but such Labourers, Artificer or Artificers, or other Persons, who ate to receive Money out of the Treasury for any Service done to the Fortifications, shall not pay or allow any Fee whatsoever upon obtaining such Order, as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Land as shall be taken away, wasted, destroyed, or damaged, by making any such In-' trenchments, Breast-works, or Fortifications, for the Service of this Island, every Owner thereof shall be paid and recompensed for the fame out of the Publick Treasury of this Island, according to the Appraisement of any Three of the neighbouring Free-holders, to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Fortifications at the Request of the Party damaged; which Appraisement shall be upon Oath, to be administred by the said Commissioners to the said Freeholders, and returned by the said Free-holders to the said Commissioners, and by them certified to the Governor and Council, or Commander in Chief and Council for the time being, who are hereby further desired to grant their Order to the Treasurer of this Island for Payment of the same.

And to the end that upon all necessary Occasionsthe Commissioners of Fortifications may convene for the Dispatch of such Matters as have any relation thereto, or to the Trust reposed in them, and that all Commissioners may have due Notice of such intended Convention; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the eldest Counsellor in each Precinct, District, or Division, shall be always Chair-man amongst the said Commissioners; and in case no Counsellor belong to the Division, then the Colonel, or next Field-Officer in Commission, to be Chair-man, who, on Request from any Two or more of the Commissioners of the Fortifications for that Division to which he is a Chair-man, shall, and is hereby required to issue his Summons, directed to some Constable or Constables, for the Convention of the Commissioners, on such short Day, and at such Place within the Division, as he shall think fit 5 and in case the said Chair-man shall neglect his Duty in this behalf, or in case he, or any other

Commissioners

262

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Commissioners afterwards, absent him or themselves from the Service which on such Day was intended, without a sufficient Cause in Writing shewn, to be allowed of by the major part of the Commissioners then present, he or they shall forfeit and pay, each, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied upon him or them by Warrant of Distress from any Three or more of the said Commissioners, in such Manner and Form as hath been accustomed for the Recovery of Servants Wages j which Sum or Sums, when collected, are to be applied for and towards defraying the Expences of the said Commissioners at their Meetings for the Services aforesaid : And to the end that the Publick may not be burdened with the Expences of liich Commissioners at their Meetings, as aforesaid, it is hereby declared and appointed. That no Commissioner whatever shall pretend to, or be allowed any Fee, Reward, or Charge, for or by reason of his Attendance on the Publick Duty hereby enjoyned, but shall in all Respects whatever discharge the fame at his and their proper Expence.

And to the end the Service may not be neglected by reason of those almost fatal Distrufls which the Creditors of the Publick have lately had, in being punctually paid any Debt legally contracted j but instead thereof, that the Publick Faith may be held, and at all times kept inviolable : Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately when any Certificates of the Commissioners shall be presented to his Excellency and Council, or the Commander in Chief and Council for the time being, they shall, and his Excellency and Council are hereby humbly requested to give the greatest Dispatch thereto, that the Nature of the Cafe will admit, so that their Order on the Treasurer to pay such Sum or Sums, so certified to be expended on the Fortifications, may be speedily paid; and in case the Treasurer shall neglect to comply with the fame within a Fortnight after a Tender of such Older made, provided there be so much Money in the Treasury applicable to the Payment of such Order, that the said Treasurer shall forfeit to the Party injured, by such Delay, the Sum mentioned in such Order, to be recovered before any Magistrate, as in case of Servants Wages; and the said Magistrate hath hereby full Power, on any such Complaint, to call before him the Treasurer for the time being, and to examine him upon Oath, whether he has any Money in his Hands applicable to the Payment of the Order or Orders so complained for; and in case the said Treasurer shall refuse to appear before the said Magistrate, or appearing, shall refuse to answer to all such Questions as shall tend to the Discovery of the Money in his Hands, applicable as aforesaid, the said Magistrate shall forthwith issue Execution against the proper Estate of the said Treasurer, for the 'Amount of the said Order or Orders, and the Charge thereon accruing.

And whereas the greatest Destruction which the Trenches are subject to, is occasioned by Cattle and Horses grazing on them, and by Persons digging or cutting up the Grass, Pimpeloes, or other Herbage, which hold the Earth and Sand together : For Prevention of which. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on no Pretence or Occasion whatever any Person or Persons presume to dig up, cut, or otherwise destroy any Herbage or Pimpeloes growing on or within Twenty Foot of the said Trenches, or the Banks of Earth thrown up near them, and that no Cattle of any fort whatever be suffered to feed or graze in or near them, , under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for each Trespass to be committed against the Intention of this Act, to be recovered against the Owner or Owners of any Slave or Slaves, Servant or Servants, or Cattle, trefi passing as aforesaid, on Complaint to be made to any the neighbouring Justices of the Peace, who is hereby obliged to make Process thereupon, as in case of Servants Wages, and to cause the Moiety of the said Sum of Forty Shillings to be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners, for the Uses herein before expressed, and the other Half to the Informer,

And

S

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

263

And whereas home Persons heretofore imployed to see the Work on the Fortifications carried on* have received Money from several People in lieu of their Quota of Negroes, under Pretence of hiring Labourers for them, when in truth they,have applied such Money to private Uses, and by that means delayed the Service then intended : For Prevention therefore of such Abuses for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person, who shall be imployed as Supervisor or Overseer in any the Divisions of this Island, shall keep an exact Account of the Number of Labourers sent to work on the several Fortifications of this Island, and by whom sent; and once in every Week the said Supervisors or Overseers shall respectively deliver such Account to the Commissioners of the Fortifications in their respective Divisions, or any Three of them, upon Oath; which Oath the Lid Commissioners, or either of them, have hereby Power, and are strictly required to administer j and the said Commissioners have also Power to call before them any Persons whatsoever, and them examine, as to them shall seem convenient, for the better Discovery of any fraudulent Practice committed against the true Intent of this Law; and if any Supervisor or Overseer shall be found to render a false Account to the said Commissioners upon Oath in manner aforesaid, such Supervisor or Overseer shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be prosecuted accordingly.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Acts heretofore made, touching or concerning the Fortifications of this Island, shall be, and are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

fiafid the 2jth Day of September, 1715.

An Act impowering licentiate Lawyers to praBife as Barristers 589-in this Island.

WHEREAS it hath been a Custom or Usage in this Island fever since the first Settlement thereof, that Persons admitted and licensed by any Governor of the said Island, should plead and practise as Barristers or Coun-fellors at Law in all Courts of Law and Equity within the same, although such Persons were not regularly called to the Bar in that part of the Kingdom bf Great Britain commonly called England, there having been for many Years together no regular Barristers in this Island, and generally so few, that if the said Usage had not been introduced and continued, there would not have been a sufficient Number of Lawyers to supply the Occasions of the People : And whereas our Kings and Queens have so far allowed of the said Usage, that the Affairs of the Crown in this Island have often been intruded to the Management of such Licentiates, and several of them have had the Honour of serving as Attorneys and Solicitors General here, in which Post they have so well behaved themselves, that upon transmitting an Account of their Proceedings to Great Britain, they have received the Royal Approbation j and we have also found by Experience, that many of those Licentiates have exceeded some of the regular Barristers themselves, who have practised here, as well in their Skill and Knowledge in the Law, as in their other Accomplishments : And whereas several Doubts and Scruples have of late been moved by feme envious and ill-meaning Persons concerning the Lawfulness and Validity of the said Custom or Usage, with a Design of excluding such Licentiates as are at present ingaged in the Practice of the Law here, though otherwise Men of unque-ftionable Characters and Abilities, and of preventing others from being admitted for the future - which Design, if it should take Effect, would not only min the Fortunes and Families of those injured Piacticers, but would also tend very

muqb.

264

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

313° 59 °-

Expired.

313° 591-

Expired.

313° 592-

Had its Effect.

313° 593-

much to the lessening of His Majesty's Prerogative in this Island, and to the Inconvenience and Detriment of the Country in general: Now therefore for the confirming and establishing of the aforesaid laudable Custom, and for the effectual preventing of all Disputes concerning the same for the future, Be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Eftjj His Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief of this Island of Barbadoes, San ft a Lucia, Dominica, St. Vincent, and the rest of the Island s, Colonies, and Plantations in America, lying and being to Windward of Guardeloupe, which now are, or hereafter shall be under His Majesty's Subjection and Government, and by the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons, who have or hath been, or hereafter shall be admitted or licensed under the Hand and Seal of any Governor of this Island for the time being, to plead and practise the Law in this Island as Barristers or Counsellors at Law, shall have full Power and Authority, and they, and each, and every of them the said Licentiates, are hereby fully impowered and authorized accordingly to plead and practise the Law in all and every His Majesty's Courts within this Island, in the same Manner, and with the fame Privileges in all Respects, as Barristers or Counsellors at Law do, or may plead and practise the fame here, who are regularly called to the Bar in that part of the Kingdom of Great Britain commonly called England i anything which hath been or may be alledged or pretended to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Raff'd the 2jtb Day of September, 1715.

An Act Empowering his Excellency Robert Lowther Esq; to appoint Commissioners to make ContraBs for Timber, Iron Work, Utensils, and other Materials3 for the immediate Use and Repair of the Fortifications , as also to agree with Ar~ tificers and Labourers to be Employed in that Service.

An Act for defraying the Expence of the Commissioners appointed for making Contrails for Timber, Iron Work, Tlten-jils, and other Materials, for the Use and Repair of the Fortifications.

An Act Empowering the Treasurer of this Island to discharge the Arrears due to Mr. Arthur Zouch, late Clerk of the General Assembly.

A Supplemental AS to the AB, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on new Negroes and other Slaves imported this Island.

WHEREAS fbme Persons in this Island, intending to defeat the Publick of the Duty arising by virtue of the before mentioned Act, have, after the Arrival of Ships and other Vessels at this Island with Negroes and other Slaves, 8 contracted

2^5

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

contracted for, or bought great Numbers of such Negroes, and them have removed on board of other Vessels, and exported them to other Places, without landing them in this Eland; by which Means they have evaded the Payment of such Duty, against the true Intent and Meaning of the before mentioned Law : Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Esq; Cap-rain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Change Islands, lying and being to Windward ol Guardeloupe> &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That no Negroes or other Slaves whatsoever, which shall for the future be once imported this Island, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Five Shillings a Head; but such only which shall be within Forty eight Hours exported in the fame Ship or Vessel wherein they were brought and imported and even in that case before any such Ship or other Vessel, exporting any Negroes or other Slaves, shall be permitted to clear from this Island, without paying the Duty aforesaid, the Master or Commander of such Ship or other Vessel, Super Cargo, or Merchant, shall make Oath before the Treasurer of this Island for the time being (which he is hereby impowered and required to administer) that no Pexson whatsoever, since his Arrival at this Island, hath purchased any of the Negroes or other Slaves intended to be so exported; and that no Contract or Agreement, either Verbal or in Writing, made or entred into with any Person whatsoever in this Island, for or concerning the Sale or Delivery of the said Negroes, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, at any other Place or Places whatsoever; but that the said Negroes and other Slaves, and every of them, are truly and bona fide exported on the proper Account and Risque of the first Consignor or Consignors, alid for his or their only Use, Benefit, and Advantage.

Pass’dthe yth Day of February, 1715.'

An Act impovoering the Freeholders of the Pai"ish of St. Michael, 594-

and the Freeholders of the Parzfh of St. Peter All Saints, to meet and choose a Vestry for each of the said Parishes respectively.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act of this island, intituled, An Act concerning Vefiries, the Freeholders of the Parishes of St. Michael and St. Peter All Saints, did meet on the Second Monday in January last, in order to choose a Vestry for each of the said Parishes; but it so happened, that some of the Candidates in each Parifln had an equal Number of Votes, by means whereof it cannot be known who were duly elected Vestry Men in the said Parishes, and therefore the said Parishes are now without Vestries : And whereas by the aforesaid Act there is no other Day appointed for the Freeholders to meet and choose Vestry Men : Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guardeloupe^ the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Freeholders of each of the said Parishes, and they are hereby impowered and required to convene at the said respective Parish Churches (that is to say) the Freeholders of the Parish of St. Michael, on the Second Monday after Publication of this Act, in order to choole a Vestry for the said Parish of St. Mi-chael; and the Freeholders of the Parish of Sr. Peter All Saints, bn the next Monday following, to choose a Vestry for that Parish*

And whereas it may happen, that the Freeholders of the said Parishes, or of any other the Parishes, on future Elections of Vestry Men, may fail of meet*

L 1 ing

a 66

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

ing on the Days appointed by this or the before mentioned Act; or although they should meet according to such Appointment, yet they may happen to elect more than the Number of Sixteen Freeholders to be of the Vestry, home of which may have an equal Number of Votes : And whereas also Controversies concerning the Legality of Votes, taken on Elections of Vestry Men, may happen, fb that until a Decision thereof is had before the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island, and Council for the time being, it cannot be known or ascertained who are duly elected to serve as Vestry Men; and in case on such Controverl'y any Election of Vestry Men shall be declared void, that a cert.iip Time may be appointed for the Freeholder's of Inch Parish or Pa-rifnes to meet again and make a new Choice : Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Free-holuers of any Parish in this llland shall, for the future, fail of Fleeting on the Second Monday in January in every Year succes-fively, or if on such Meeting more than sixteen shall happen to be elected Vestry Men, and some of them have equal Votes, in either of these Cafes the Free-holders of any such Parish or Parishes shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to meet at their Parish-Church on the Third Monday in the said Month of January^ and so successively on every Monday following, until they shall have elected Sixteen Persons, legally qualified to serve as Vestry Men for such Parish or Parishes; and in all Cafes where, on any Controversy before the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island, and Council for the time being, concerning the Election of Vestry Men, such Election shall be by them declared void, it shall and may be lawful for the Free-holders of such Parish where such Controversy shall arise, to convene at the usual Place on the Monday following stich Decision, and so successively every Monday ensuing, until Sixteen Persons, legally qualified to serve as Vestry Men for such Parish, shall be duly choien and returned; in all which Cafes the Vestry Men so to be elected, or the major part of them, have hereby full Power and Authority to manage and translift all Affairs of the said Parish or Parishes in as full and ample a manner as any the Vestries of this llland have, and ought to have dons but not otherwise; any Act, Statute, or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Faff'd the 2 ift Day of February, 1715:,

'imPoxoer 'mS Committee of publish Accounts of this Island, to allow the Sum of One hundred and ninety one Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence, to the Credit of the Honourable Thomas Maycock, EJq; late Treasurer of this Island, on his accounting for the Publick Monies by him received.

j!2°596- An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of James Vaughan, Esquire.

597- An additional ASh to an A81 intituled, An Act to ascertain the Payment of such Bills as have been issued pursuant to a late Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply 8 the

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 267

the Want of Cash, and to establish. a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island.

WHEREAS by the said Act it is, ariiongst other Things, enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who became any ways bound, or who entred into any Obligation or Obligations, Bond or Bonds, unto the Honourable John Holder, Esq; for any Sum or Sums of Money which they had been severally credited for by virtue of the late repealed Act, should, and they were by the said Act obliged and required to pay unto the Commissioners by the said Act appointed, or either of them, the respective Sums of Money for which they were so severally bound, at or before the Expiration of the respective Bonds or Obligations so entred into, as aforesaid; and in case any such Person should neglect or refuse to pay the same, then the said Commissioners or either of them, were by the said Act impowered and required immediately to issue out a Warrant or Execution, under his or their Haneys and Seals, to be: directed to such Marshal or Officer as the said Commissioners should think fit to appoint, requiring him to attach the Estate of Inheritance, or other Estate Real, whereof such Person or Persons were actually seized at the time of en-tring into such Obligation or Obligations, in whose Hands soever the fame should be found, as also all and every the Personal Estate whereof such Person should be possessed at the time of the issuing such Warrant or Execution >• and the feme Estate, so attached, in Eleven Days after to fell at publick Outcry to the highest Bidder, for and towards Payment and Discharge of the respective Sums of Money for which such Persons were severally bound and obliged^ together with the Charges of such Levy and Sale: And whereas in pursuance of the said Authority, so, as aforesaid, given to the said Commissioners and Marshal, Execution hath issued against divers Persons, Debtors in manner aforesaid 5 which Executions, for want of other Effects to fetisfy the said Debts, have been levied on Land, and Notes fee up, giving Notice when the intended Sale of the said Land at Outcry would be; but it hath so happened, that when the said time of Outcry hath come, no Person would become a Bidder for the said Land; and there being no Person authorized by the said Act to bid for the fame in behalf of the Publick, the Intent of the said Act; hath been defeated, and the said Debts remain unsatisfied : To the end therefore that the said Debts may be speedily collected, and if no Person shall be inclinable to bid for the said Land, when exposed to sale, that some Person may be impowered, in behalf of the Publick, to become a Bidder for such Land, and to dispose thereof again to any Person or Persons, to the best Advantage he can for the Publick; Be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther, Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guar deloupe, & c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That Robert Teamans, Esq; Commissioner be, as he is hereby impowered and required, in all such Cases, as is before recited, to bid for the said Land in behalf of the Publick, in such manner that the Publick may be as little Sufe>

•ferer as possible $ and in case he the said Commissioner shall purchase the said Land on the Publick Account, he is hereby impowered and required to use his utmost Endeavour to dispose thereof again to some Person or Persons, and to execute a Bill or Bills of Sale for the feme in like manner as the Marshal by, the aforesaid Act is impowered to do; all which Bills of Sale, so to be executed, shall be as authentick to convey a Title to the Purchaser or Purchasers, as though the fame had been passed and done by the said Marshal or Officer, or any other Sale at Outcry by virtue of the aforesaid Act.

LI 2

Provided,

268

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Provided always, That before the said Commissioner shall actually sell or dispose of such Land, so to be outcried, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, he shall, and is hereby obliged to give Notice thereof to the Committee of Publick Accounts, or the major part of them, and to have or receive their Approbation and Content for conveying the fame, before lie shall prefunne to pass or execute any Bill of Sale, or other Conveyance for such Land; and the said Committee are hereby desired to signify such their Approbation or Consent, by subscribing their Names to the said Bill or Bills of Sale, Conveyance or Conveyances.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the said Commissioner shall take upon him to bid for any such Land, in manner aforesaid, he shall appear before the Commander in Chief of this Island lor the time being, and take the following Oath j

IDo swear, That I will not become a Bidder for any Land which shall he expofled to Sale for Satisfaction of any Debts due by virtue of the Ad, intituled, An Act to ascertain the Payment of such Bills as have been issued pursuant to a late Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to supply the Want of Cash, and to establish a Method of Credit for Persons having Real Estates in this Island, hut where no other Person will hid for the fame or unless any Person fly all endeavour to purchase the said Land at an Under Rate: Neither will I exceed in such Bidding Two Thirds of what Ishall in my Confluence ejteem such Land to be worth.

So help me God.

Which Oath the Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being is hereby humbly desired to administer.

And whereas by the aforesaid Act, the Honourable Thomas Maycock and' William Grant, Esquires, were appointed Commissioners for executing the several Powers and Authorities in the said Act mentioned ,- and whereas the said Thomas Nlaycock, by occasion of Sickness, went off this Island, and thereby became uncapable of acting as a Commissioner, and the said William Grant. became foie acting Commissioner, and took upon him accordingly all the Powers and Authorities which were vested in him by the said Act: And whereas the said William Grant having lately departed this Life, it is highly necessary that the Debts out-standing, and not collected in by the said Commissioners, may be collected and received, and that a Commissioner may be appointed for the aforesaid Purposes; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Robert Teamans, Esq* be the Commissioner, and he is hereby impowered and authorized to take upon him the Execution of all and every the Powers and Authorities, appointed by the said Act, to be done or performed by the said Two C'ommissioners, yet remaining to be done and performed, as also all and every the Powers in this Act mentioned and contained.

And whereas several Writs of Twenty per Cent, have already issued by virtue of the aforesaid Act, and others ought to have been issued by the said Commissioners, or One of them, against several Persons, who, on Sales at Outcry of Land, Buildings, Negroes, and other Effects, levied on by virtue of the aforesaid Act, have become the greatest Bidder, but have neglected to pay the Sums by them bid at Outcry, as aforesaid : Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

269

aforesaid, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby obliged, within Thirty Days after the Publication of this Act, to issue out Y\Trits of Twenty per Cent, against every Person who have failed or neglected to pay any Sum or Sums of Money by him dr them bid on any Sale at Outcry by virtue of the aforesaid Act ( except against Mrs. Jane JLytc, who was the last and greatest Bidder at Outcry for the Land and Buildings situate, lying, and being in the Parish of St. Michael, belonging to the Honourable John Niilles^ Esq; which was levied on towards the Satisfaction of a Debt due to the Bank from the said John Miller, in regard at that time, and several times since, the Country was in Treaty with the said Honourable John Milles and Mrs. Jane Lyte, about purchasng the said Land and Buildings for the Use of the Publick ) and the Marshal, by virtue of this Act to be appointed, is hereby charged and required, within Five Days after such Publication, to give in to the said Com-rnilfioner a true Lift of the Names of every such Person.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marshal to be appointed by the Commissioner shall take Care to collect the Money due on any Sales at Outcry heretofore made, as also the Twenty per Cent, due from any Person or Persons (except as before excepted ) within Twenty Days after the Publication of this Act; and whatsoever Perfort or Persons shall for the future bid for any Land or otiier Effects at Outcry, who are uncapable of paying for the said Land, or other Effects, so that a Writ of Twenty per Cent, do issue out against him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby impowered and required to issue a Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, against every such Person, directed to the said Mar-shal, who is thereupon obliged forthwith to apprehend and take the Body of such Person or Persons, and him, her, or them deliver into the Custody of the Provost Marshal of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, there to remain in the Common Goal, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of One whole Year, and subject to the Pains and Penalties hereafter expressed and the said Commissioner is further directed and impowered, within Fourteen Days after fucll Imprisonment, to issue a Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, to the said Mar-, shal, requiring him, within Seven Days after the Receipt of the said Warrant, to put the Person so offending into a Pillory, to be erected for that purpose in one of the Market-places in the Bridge-Town, where he, flie, or they are to stand, from the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Morning to the Hour of Twelve, with a Paper fix’d on the Pillory expressing the Crime $ and the said Marshal is further authorized, within the said Flours of Ten and Twelve, to cut off the Ears of the said Offender.

And whereas several Persons have heretofore bid for Land and other Effects at Outcry, levied on by virtue of an Execution or Executions issu'ed by the late Commissioners, Thomas Maycock and William Grant, or One of them, pursuant to the aforesaid Bank Act j which Persons, by means of Insolvericy, or some other Reasons, have not paid for the same, by means whereof the Publick has and may again suffer: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Robert Teajnans, Commissioner, is hereby impowered and renquired, within Thirty Days after Publication hereof^ unless the Persons having so bid for any such Lands, or other Effects, at Outcry, shall pay the Debts and Charges due for such Bidding within the Time limited, as aforesaid, unto the said Commissioner, or Marshal to be appointed, to issue an Execution or Executions for all such Sum or Sums of Money due from such Person and Persons who became Bidders, as aforesaid, together with a Writ of Twenty per Cent, and all and every Person and Persons, who became bound by any, Obligation or Obligations unto the Honourable John Holder, Esq; then Manager of the said Bank, and not already paid, are hereby made liable to the Payment of such Obligation or Obligations in the same manner as he was made liable to by the late Act, impowering the late Commissioners, "Thomas Maycock

8

and

270 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

and William Grant; and the said Robert Teamans, Commissioner, is hereby impowered and required forthwith to proceed and issue an Execution, directed to the Marshal, against all and every such Person and Persons so indebted; and the Person and Persons, and his and their whole Estate, is hereby made liable to the Payment of the fame, in as full and ample manner, as if the fame had never been proceeded against by any Execution or Executions under the Hands and Seals of the late Commissioners, Thomas Maycock and William Grant, or either of them.

And whereas some Persons have heretofore bid for Land, by virtue of the beforementioned Act, and have afterwards proved insolvent, by means whereof the Intention of the said Act has been defeated : Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Person or Persons have heretofore bid, or who hereafter shall become a Bidder for Land at any Sale at Outcry, which have been already made by virtue of the beforementioned Act, or which shall be made by virtue of this present Act; and where such Persons have proved, or who hereafter shall prove insolvent, the said Commissioner is hereby required to make a new Extension on the original Debtor, in the same manner as if no such Sale at Outcry had been made - and the Land lb fold, or to be sold, to such insolvent Persons, shall again revert to the said original Debtor, in as full and ample a manner, as if no Extension had been made ,• and the whole Estate of the said original Debtor shall be, and is hereby made liable to such further Extension, in as full and ample manner, as if no such Levy or Sale at Outcry had been made.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, to whom the Publick is or shall be indebted by any Order or Orders regularly obtained from under the Hand of any Commander in Chief of this Island, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Honourable the Members of the Council for the time being, shall have an Inclination to purchase any Lands levied on, or to be levied, by virtue of this or the before mentioned Act, if any such Person shall become the highest Bidder for any such Land, the said Commissioner shall receive the said Order or Orders from such highest Bidder, as ready Money, to the full Value mentioned in such Order or Orders 5 which Orders the Committee of Publick Accounts shall receive from the said Commissioner as ready Money, and shall discharge him for the full Amount thereof.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who is or are indebted to the Publick in manner aforesaid, aie or shall be possessed of any such Orders, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to pay the lame unto the Commissioner or Marshal in Discharge of their said Debt, or any Part thereof,- and the said Commissioner or Marshal shall, and are hereby severally obliged to receive the same as ready Money from such Person or Persons, to the full Amount of such Order or Orders j and the Committee of Publick Accounts are hereby obliged to allow the lame to the Account of the said Commissioner, without having any Regard to the Numbers or Dates of such Orders j any Law or Statute of this Island to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Robert Teamans Esqj Commissioner, and the said Marshal for the time being, have hereby delegated unto them the fame Powers and Authorities against any Person or Persons who shall make Refinance by strong Hand, or who shall oppose the Commissioner or Marshal in the Execution of his or their Office, or who shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money bid at Outcry, according to the Appointment of this or the aforesaid Act, as the Judge of any the Courts of Common Pleas in this Island, and the Marshal thereunto belonging, have by virtue of any Act or Acts of this Island.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

271

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Com-inilfioner and Marshal shall, and they are hereby strictly required to put hi Execution all and singular the Powers and Authorities in this or the before mentioned Act, in such Manner, and with such Expedition, that all the Debts dlie and recoverable, be collected and received; and that all and every the Matters and Things any ways relating to the aforesaid Act, commonly called The Bank /l£t\ may be finished, ended, and determined within Eighteen Months after the Publication of this Act; and if by the Default or Neglect of the said Commissioner or Marshal, that Affair shall not be wholly brought to a Conclusion by that time, the said Commissioner or Ivlarlhal, whoever shall be found faulty, shall not have any Reward or Encouragement that is given by this Act.

And that this Act may meet with no Obstruction or Delay in the Execution thereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That thefitid Robert Teaviatis Commissioner, hath hereby full Power and Authority, on any Failure of Ditty by the said Marshal, either by means of Sickness, or otherwise, to appoint any other Marshal or Marshals, Deputy or Deputies, to execute the several Powers in the Ail aforesaid, or by this present Act mentioned, he the said Robert Teamans taking due Care that the said Marshal or Marshals, Deputy or Deputies, and every of them, qualify him or themselves in the same manner as by the aforesaid Act is directed.

And be it luit her enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons lb all prefer any Petition or Complaint against the said Commissioner or Marshal upon any of their Proceedings by virtue of this or the before mentioned Act, and upon hearing the said Complaint, the same shall be adjudged frivolous, then the said Commissioner or Marshal shall have and receive such Colt from the Complainant, as the Person or Persons, before whom such Complaint shall be made, shall adjudge proper for such his or their unjust Vexation.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Sum or Sums of Money which have or shall arise by virtue of this Act, shall by the Marshal be paid into the Hands of the Did Commissioner, by him to be applied in manner following (that is to say) the Money arising by Execution, to and for the same Uses as the Money arising, by virtue of the before mentioned Act is appointed to be paid and the Money accruing by means of any Writ or Writs of Twenty per Cent, for and towards making good the Deficiencies which the Publick may fall under by means of Insolvency, or ochervvile ,• and if any Overplus shall remain, the same shall be first applied in Payment of the said Commissioner for his Care in the Execution of this Act; and the Residue for and towards Discharge of the Publick Debts.

And forasmuch as the said Commissioner must necessarily undergo a great deal of Fatigue and Expence in the Execution of the aforesaid Powers, and for his greater Encouragement to collect soon the out-standing Debts; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Robert Teamans Commissioner shall have and receive, for such his Care and Pains, Ten per Centi for such Sum or Sums as he shall collect, to be paid out of such Debt or Debts as are due and out-standing to the said Bank, by retaining so much of the said Debts in his Hands as will pay the same.

And whereas some Eersons have heretofore purchased Lands, Buildings, and Negro Slaves at publick Outcry by virtue of the before mentioned Act, for and towards Satisfaction of Debts due to the Bank $ bttt John Heywood, who was appointed Marshal by the Commissioners in the said Act nominated, departed this Life without executing any Bill or Bills of Sale to such Purchaser or Purchasers : Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases, as is before recited, where any Person or Persons shall make appear

272 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

pear to the said Commissioner, that any inch Sale at Outcry have been actually and bona fide made by the said John Heywood, and that he, she, or they have duly paid the Money by him, her, or them bid at such Sale or Sales at Outcry, he the said Commissioner is hereby impowered and required to p.ifs a Bill or Bills of Sale to such Purchaser or Pure halers, which shall be as good and valid to convey a Title to the said Purchaser or Purchasers, as if the fame had been executed by the said John Heywood.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the said Robert Teamans shall act, or be capable of acting as Commissioner aforesaid, he shall become bound, with sufficient Securities, to his Excellency, in the Sunt of Two thousand Pounds (which laid Securities are to be approved of by his Excellency and Council) for the due and faithful Performance of the Trull aforesaid.

Pass'd the yth Day of March, 1715.

10° 598 An Act laying an Im or Duty on all Sugars, Melasses, October, 1717. Rum, Cotton, and Ginger, imported this Island, which are not the Natural ProduB, Growth, and Manufacture of some of His Majesty s Colonies.

WHEREAS divers Persons in this Island have of late imported, or caused to be imported, great Quantities of Sugar, MellaH'es, Runi, Cotton, Ginger, and Alloes, from Martinique, or other Places not under His Majesty's Subjedion and Government; which Importation, if not in some measure restrained, will greatly lelfen the Value of the Manufacture of this Island, and thereby discourage the Inhabitants of this Place in their accustomed Labour and Industry : Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Low ther, Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Cha-ribbee Islands, lying and being to Windward of Guar deloupe, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That after the Fourteenth Day of April next, all Sugars, Melasses, Rum, Cotton, Ginger, and Alloes whatsoever, which shall be imported or brought into any Port, Harbour, or Creek in this Island, and which shall be landed or removed from on board of any Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel importing such Sugars, on board of any other Ship, Sloop, Shallop, or other Vessel, shall be liable to, and is hereby charged with the following Duty or Imposition ( that is to say ) Twelve Shillings and Six Pence for every Hundred Weight of Mufconoado Sugar; and Twenty five Shillings for every Hundred Weight of Improved Sugars; for every Gallon of Melasses, Eighteen Pence 5 for every Gallon of Rum, Two Shillings; for every Pound of Cotton, Six Pence for every Hundred Pounds Weight of Scraped Ginger, Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Pounds Weight of Scalded Ginger, Ten Shillings; and for every Pound of Alloes, Eighteen Pence, which shall be imported in manner aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within Twenty four Hours after the Arrival of every Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, in any Port, Harbour, or Creek in this Island, from any the Leeward Islands, or any other Place, having Sugar, Melasses, Rum, Cotton, Ginger, or Alloes on board, the Matter or Commander of every such Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, shall appear before the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, and declare upert Oath in the Words following

I A. B.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

273

I A.B. Master of Vessel, do swear, That the Mani-

fejt now given in by vie signed, is a true and exaEl Account of all the Sugars, Mellajfes, Rum, Cotton, Ginger, or Alloes, which was on board my said Vessel when I first made this Island j and that the before mentioned Goods were taken on board my Vessel at and to the heft of my Information and Belief

they are the ProduSl and Manufacture of

Whi ch Oath the Treasurer is hereby impowered and required to admini-fter, and sign the said Manifest as duly sworn to before him ,• and in case any Master or Commander of any such Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to appear before the Treasurer within the Time beforementioned, or shall refuse to take the abovesaid Oath, and deliver to the Treasurer a Manifest signed, the said Treasurer is hereby impowered and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit every such Master or Commander to the Common Goal of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall conform to this Act.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the before-mentioned Duty or Imposition shall be paid, or secured to be paid in to the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, within Ten Days after such Oath made, and Manifest signed and delivered, as aforesaid ,• and in Default thereof the said Treasurer is hereby impowered and required to issue his Execution against every Defaulter for double the Sum so in Arrear and unpaid, which shall be collected by any Constable, as in case of Servants Wages.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer for the time being hath hereby full Power and Authority to call before him any other Person or Persons whatsoever, and him or them examine upon Oath touching or concerning the Importation of any such Sugars, Melasses, Rum, Cotton, Ginger, or Alloes, and the Quantities thereof j and in case of Neg-left or Reful'al in any Person whatsoever to appear ( after legal Summons ) or when appearing, if he or they shall refuse to answer to such Questions as shall tend to the Discovery of any Practices against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the said Treasurer is hereby impowered and required to commit every such Person to the Common Goal of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall conform him or themselves to this Adfc.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Vessel import into any Port, Harbour, or Creek of this Island, any Sugars, Melasses, Rum, Cotton, Ginger, or Alloes, without duly complying with this Act, the said Goods and Vessel shall become forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors 5 one Half of such Forfeitures to and for the Uses of this Act, and the other to any Person who shall make Information thereof to the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, who is hereby fully impowered and required to prosecute the same to Effect in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at the Publick Expence of this Island j and the said Treasurer is hereby farther impowered, either by himself, or any Person by him to be appointed, to repair on board any Vessel, or enter into any House, Store-house, Yard, or other Place, where he or they shall suspect any such Sugars, Rum, Melasses, Cotton, Ginger, or Alloes to be, which are imported contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to make Seizure thereof, and to prosecute fbt the fame in his own Name in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

M m Anu

*74

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which shall be collected or paid by virtue of this Act, shall be and enure to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to and for the Use herein after mentioned, that is to say, to and for the defraying the Publick Charges of the Government.

Pass'd the 21ft Day of March, 1715.

313° 599* An Act to dock the Entail limited on a certain Plantation, fitnate in the Parish of St. Michael, and to enable Thomas Somers Esq; to sell the same} with the Negro Slaves thereunto belonging.

600. for fjje Encouragement of John Perrat Gent, in his

new Improvement of Wind Mills for grinding Sugar Canes.

u%° Iff a to Prov?de for the Entertainment of the Court of Grand

Sessions, which is to be hoi den on the Second Tuesday in June next.

602. An Act for giving further Time to colIeSl the late levy on the C tt0’ several Inhabitants of this Island.

312° 603. An ASI appointing Agents to transaB and negotiate the Affairs Ul to' of this Island in Great Britain.

313" 604. An yifl f0 confirm and make more effectual certain Heeds or Indentures of Lease and Releaje, bearing Hate the First and Second Hays of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seven, andniade} or mentioned to be made, between Robert Lowther of Measurn, in the County of Well-morland Esq; and Joan his Wife, of the one part, and the Right Honourable Katherine Viscountess Lonsdale and James Lowther of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland Esq; of the other part; and to confirm and make more effectual a certain Indenture, hearing Hate the Twenty fourth Hay of April, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fourteen, made, or mentioned to be made, between the Honourable John Frere of the Parish of St. Philip, in the Island of Barbadoes Esq; of the one part, and the said Robert Lowther and Joan his Wife, by the Names of his Excellency Robert Lowther and Joan his Wife, formerly called Joan Carleton, the Widow and ReliSl of Robert Carleton, late of Carleton, in the County of Cumberland Esq; of the other part.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 275

An Act to dock the Entail limited on a certain Plantation, situate c^.°rm^5. in the Parishes of St. Peter and St. Andrew In this Island,^ and to enable George Nicholas Esq; and Susanna his Wife, to mortgage or sell the same, with the Negroes thereto belonging.

An Act for collecting several Sums of Money due and in Arrear 31^ 606.

r j r. 1 1’ 7 ° j Had its Effect.

to the Publick.

An Act to dock the Entail limited on a certain Plantation or 30° 607. Parcel of Land in the Parish of St. James, and the Negro Slaves thereunto belonging, and to veji the Fee Simple thereof in "William Thorpe Gent, youngest Son of Robert Thorpe, late of this Island Gent, deceased.

An Act enabling the Representatives of the Parish of Christ 313° 60S; Church to fell Six Acres and Thirty Perches of Land in the said Parish, formerly the Land of Philip Trowell deceased.

WHE REAS in and by a certain Act or Statute of this Island, dated the Fifteenth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord, according to the Computation of the Church of England, One thousand six hundred seventy and five, intituled, An Act for the settling fix Acres and thirty Perches of Land, and Two Negroes, in the Representatives of the Tariff} of Christ-Church, for maintaining Five poor People by the Gift of Mr. Philip Trowell, It is recited, ordained, enacted, and declared in the Words following (viz.) " Whereas Mr. Philip " Trow.ell of the Parish of Christ Church in this Island, Planter, being well tc and charitably disposed, did, by his Deed indented, bearing Date the Tenth " Day of this instant April, settle and convey Six Acres of Land and Thirty " Perches, with its Appurtenances, lying and being in the said Parish of " Christ Church, and Island aforesaid, together with One Negro Man, and One " Negro Woman therein named, to Nathaniel Kingsland and Richard Seawell, tc Esquires, the present Representatives of the said Parish of Christ Church, and cc their Successors, Representatives of the said Parish, for ever, for or towards tc the Support or Maintenance of Five poor decayed Englishmen of the said "Parish, with full Power and Authority to settle and place such Five poor " Men, with other Powers and Authorities to them and their Successors given " relating thereto, as by the said Deed, Relation being thereunto had, doth " and may appear: And to the Intent so good and pious a Gift’may take " effect to all Intents and Purposes, as by the said Deed is intended j Be it there-" fore ordained and enacted, and it is hereby ordained, enacted, and declared "by his Excellency Sir Jonathan Atkins, Knight, Governor in Chiefof this tc Island, the Council and Representatives of this Island: now assembled, and " by Authority of the same, That the said Six Acres and Thirty Perches of £* Land, with its Appurtenances and Negroes mentioned in the said Deed,

" bearing Date the said Tenth Day of this instant April, are fully, and effedku-tc ally conveyed and settled by the said Deed, according, to the true,Intent and " Meaning thereof j and that the said Nathaniel Kingsland and: Rio hard Sea-

M m a ’ " well.

The LAWS of 6 ARB ADO ES.

tc well, the present Representatives of the said Parish, and their Successors, " Representatives of the said Parish, are hereby declared and enacted to have Cs full Power and Authority to take and hold by the said Deed for ever to and " for the Uses therein declared; and that the said Deed is full and effectual for cc the Purposes thereby intended, and shall be so judged, deemed, taken, and cc reputed, as in and by the said Act or Statute now in full Force appeareth.

And whereas the said Two Negroes are long since dead, and the Buildings on the said Land are wholly gone to Decay, and the said Land lieth waste and desolate, and by reason of the Poverty and Barrenness of the Soil, will not answer the Charge and Expences of any Buildings to be put thereon, and the lame now is, and for many Years last part hath been of no Profit or Benefit y And whereas the Intent of the said Philip Trowell, as the Land now lieth, is wholly defeated, but the fame may be answered in part, if the said Land be fold, and the Monies arising by such Sale be put out to Interest in some secure Hands until a convenient Opportunity offers to purchase other Lands nearer the Church, and more commodious for the Use intended : Be it therefore ordained and enacted, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther, Esq; His Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guar deloupe, O c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Six Acres and Thirty Perches of Land, with the Appurtenances mentioned in the said Deed, Hull be, and are hereby veiled and settled in Samuel Adams and Robert Bishop, Esqs. the present Representatives of the said Parish, and their Successors, Representatives of the said Parish, to the Intent and Purpose that such Sale thereof may be made, as herein after is mentioned : And the said Samuel Adams and Robert Bishop, the present Representatives of the said Parish, and their Successors, Representatives of the said Parish, are hereby enabled, upon such good and valuable Confederation as is herein aftermentioned, and with the Consent of the Vestry of the said Parish, or of the major part of the said Vestry, to make any Conveyance, Sale, or Disposition of the said Land, with the Appurtenances, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and to their Heirs and Assigns.

And for the better ascertaining the Value of the said Land, and facilitating the Sale thereof, it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Application of the said present Representatives of the said Parish, or their Successors, Representatives of the said Parish, to any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace living near the said Land ( which said Application shall be made within the Space of Thirty Days now next ensuing) the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to issue a Warrant of Appraisement under their Hands and Seals to Five of the ablest Free-holders of the said Parish, thereby impowering and requiring the said Five, or any Three of them, to repair to the said Land, and of the same to make a just and conscionable Appraisement upon Oath ( which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer) and the same to set down in Writing under their Hands and Seals, according to the best of their Judgments and Under-standings.

And for the better Method of proceeding therein, the said Justices shall at the feme time with the said Warrant of Appraisement make their Warrant to any Constable of the said Parish, to summon the said Five Persons, so nominated by the said Justices j and the said Justices and Constable are hereby required to do their several Duties by this Act enjoyned them without any Fee or Reward whatsoever therefore.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Appraisement made, the said Representatives of the said Parish, or their Successors, Representatives of the said Parish, shall, with such Consent as aforesaid, as soon as they may, make Sale of the said Land, with the

8 . Appurtenances,

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

277

Appurtenances, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and to their Heirs and Assigns, for the Value of the said Appraisement, or as much more as they can get for the fame (if more can be had therefore ) but not for less than the said Appraisement 5 and the Monies arising by the said Sale,

shall be paid to, and veiled and settled in the Vestry and Church-warden of the said Parish for the time being; and the said Vestry and Church-warden are hereby authorized and impowered to put the fame out at Interest, from time to time, upon good Security $ and the Interest hereby arising shall at all times hereafter be collected, received, and applied by the said Vestry and Churchwarden of the said Parish for the time being, for and towards the Uses in the said recited Deed declared, until a convenient Opportunity shall offer to purchase other Lands nearer the Church, and more commodious for the Use intended, to which Use the said principal Sum shall be applied, and to no other Use or Uses whatsoever j and such Sale of the said Land, with the Appurtenances, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, the said recited Statute, or any thing therein, or in the said recited Deed contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be, and is hereby declared to be a Publick Act or Statute of this Island, of which all Judges and other Persons are to take notice, and that the lame shall or may be given in Evidence.

Raft'd the 1 jth Day of April, 1717.

An Act to dock the Entails limited on certain "Plantations Jitu- JI3d 6°9* ate in the Parishes of St. Thomas and St. James in this Island, and to vest the fame in Joseph Gibbes, Esq, in Fee.

A Supplemental AB to the AB, intituled, An Act laying ail JI2° 610: Imposition or Duty on all Sugars, Melasses, Rum, Cotton, and Ginger, imported this island, which are not the Natural Product, Growth, and Manufacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies.

WHEREAS divers Persons have, notwithstanding the aforesaid A<3£ and the Penalties therein mentioned, clandestinely imported great Quantities of Sugars, Melasses, and other the abovementioned Commodities, without paying any Regard or Obedience to the said Act: For further Prevention whereof. Be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Esq-, Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and .other the Charibbee Elands, lying and being to Windward of Guardeloupe, SCc. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, to appoint One or more Persons in such Parts of this Island, as he shall think fit, to go on board any Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel whatsoever, lying or being in any Port, Harbour, or Creek in or about this Island, and them, and every of them, to search, and examine what Sugars, Melasses, Rum, Cotton, Ginger, or Alloes, is or hath been on board such Vessel, and from what Place the lame was brought or imported j and in case such Person shall find or discover any of the said Commodities on board such Vessel, or that any such Commodities have been landed or removed horn on board such Vessel into any other Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, without reporting

278

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

porting the same to the Treasurer, and paying the Duties thereof according to the Appointment and Direction of the said Act, it shall and may be lawful, and every such Person is hereby fully impowered and authorized to make Seizure of every such Boat, Shallop, Sloop, or other Vessel whatsoever, and the same shall be condemned according to the Directions of the aforesaid Act, together with the Negroes and other Commodities on board them, or any of them; and in case of Refinance given to any such Officer to be appointed in manner aforesaid, in the Execution of his Trust or Office aforesaid, every White Person concerned therein, or being aiding or abetting thereunto, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, and shall forthwith be committed by Warrant from the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, without Bail or Mainprize, until he pay the same; and if any Negroes or other Slaves shall be concerned in such Refifiance, they, and every of them, shall be, and are hereby declared forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

And whereas some Vessels bringing the aforesaid Commodities, or some of them, to this Island, have lain off several Parts of this Island, or otherwise come to an Anchor in private Bays and Creeks, without entring their Vessels in any the Offices of this Island, until such time as they have privately unladen their said Vessels, by which means the Persons concerned have evaded the Payment of the Duties in the beforementioned Act express’d : Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every Chief Gunner, Under-Gunner, and Matrofs whatsoever employed, or to be employed in any the Forts or Batteries in this Island, and they, and every of them, are hereby strictly charged and required, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, and of being for ever after incapable of serving in any Publick Employ in this Government, to fire at and discharge Great Shot against every Vessel that'ihudl so lie off or come to an Anchor in any private Bay or Creekin or about this Island, and which shall there remain for the Space of Two Hours, without producing to the Gunner of such Fort or Battery, under whose Command such Vessel shall lie, a Certificate (from under the Hand of the Treasurer or Comptroller for the time being, which he or they are obliged to issue, when required, and to take no Fee or Reward for the fame ) That such Vessel, with the Goods and Commodities on board, have been duly entred in the respective Offices of this Island (or as the Nature of the Cafe shall require) and in case any such Vessel shall attempt to depart from under the Command of such Fort or Battery without fending their Boat on Shore, and producing such Certificate within the Time beforementioned, every such Gunner and Matrofs is hereby charged and required to use their utmost Endeavour to fink every such Vessel; and the said Gunners and Matrofles, and every of them, shall be, and are hereby exempted and indemnified from any Damage or Accident which may happen to such Vessels, or the Men on board, by means of such firing or discharging Great Shot in manner aforesaid and upon all Actions, Suits, or Informations which, shall be made against any the said. Gunners or Matrofles for. or by means of such Damage or Accident whatsodyer, he or they shall and may, plead this Act in Justification (or give in Evidence) and the same shall be a good Bar, and shall be received as. such in any the Courts of this Island, or before any General Sessions; and the Charges, and Expences which any such Gunner or Matrofs shall be put to in making* his Defence to any fuich Suit or Information, shall be paid by the Treasurer out. of the Publick Treasury.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any the Persons which shall be authorized and appointed, by the Treasurer in manner aforesaid, or any other Person whatsoever, to make Seizure of any Parcels of Sugars, Melasses,. Ginger, Cotton,or Rum, which he or they shall have Information of, or shall have good Reason to believe are

not

The LAWS of BARBADOES,

2 79

not the Product, Growth, or Manufacture of feme of His Majesty's Colonies and to detain the fame in his or their Custody, until the Persons claiming the lame shall make appear by Oath, or other sufficient Evidence, before the Treasurer ( which Oath the said Treasurer is hereby impowered and required to administer ) that the Goods so seized are the Natural Product, Growth, or Manufacture of fonie of His Majesty's Colonies, or that the Duty imposed by virtue of the aforesaid Act, hath been truly and bona fide paid, or secured to be paid; and in case the Owner or Claimer of such Goods seized shall nor, within Twenty four Hours after the time of such Seizure, make such Proof in manner aforesaid, it shall be taken pro ConfeJJo, that the said Goods were illegally imported, and they, together with the Ship or other Vessel in which such Goods were imported, shall be, and are hereby declared forfeited.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates from the Treasurer or Comptroller, which shall be produced to any Gunner or Matrofs of any Fort or other Battery by any Sloop or other Vessel according to the Direction of this Act, shall be left with such Gunner or Matrofs, and by him or them returned within One Week to the Treasurer of this Island for the time being $ and in case any Gunner or Matrofs shall fail in making a due Return of all and every the Certificates which shall be left with him or them in manner aforesaid, and within the Time beforementioned, he or they shall forfeit his Place, and all such Pay as shall be then due to him, and shall further pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, current Money of this Island, and shall stand committed by Warrant from the Treasurer for the time being, to the Common Goal of this Island, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall pay the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer and Comptroller for the time being shall be and are hereby obliged to keep an exact Account of all such Certificates as shall be issued by him or them, from time to time, and to whom, and to compare the Numbers and Dates of them with the Returns made, from time to time, by the Gunners and Ma-trofies in manner aforesaid.

Pass'd the 14th Day of May, 1717.

An Act to prohibit Masters of Ships and other Vessels, frcmi 6llf landing Aliens or Foreigners in this Island without a Licence for so doing from the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being.

WH ERE AS great Numbers of Aliens and Foreigners have of late been brought to, and privately put on Shore in this Island j which, if not prevented, may prove prejudicial, as well by becoming burthensome to the Inhabitants in their Maintenance and Support, as otherwise : Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther, E% Captain General and Gdvemor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guar deloupe^ See* the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island-, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Matter of any Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel whatsoever, shall presume, from and after the Thirty first Day of July- next ensuing the Date of the said Act, to land or put on Sliofe, or Puffer to be landed or put on. Shore, ih any part of this Island), any Aliens or Foreigners, without first acquainting the Governor, or Commander in Chief off. this Island for the time being, with the Names, Qualities, Conditions, and

Callings

28o

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Callings of every such Alien or Foreigner, and the Reasons and causes of his and their coming hither j and without also obtaining a Licence from the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, for his or their being so landed or put on Shore, every such Mailer or Commander of such Ship or other Vessel shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for every such Alien or Foreigner so landed or put on Shore.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Alien Or Foreigner, who, after the Time beforementioned, shall presume to come on Shore in any part of this Island, or who shall be found on Shore before such Report made by the Mailer or Commander of the Vessel wherein he or they was or were brought, and Licence obtained in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall become subject to any the Penalties in this Act mentioned, shall, upon Conviction thereof before the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the time being, or any Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Goal of this Island by Warrant, to be directed to the Provoil Marshal of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby required to detain every such Person in strict and close Confinement, until he and they shall satisfy and pay the said Forfeiture unto the Treasurer of this Island for the time being, or until he or they shall be otherwise discharged by Order from the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being.

Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend to the Mariners belonging to Ships or other Vessels being Foreigners, who shall actually be Hupped as such upon Wages, but only to Passengers, or those who shall be brought hither with Intent to be discharged from such Ship or other Vessel in this Island, to be discovered upon Oath of the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel, or any other Person who shall be deemed necessary for Discovery of the Truth.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall accrue by virtue of this Act, shall be and enure to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Discharge of the Publick Debts of this Island, according to the Priority of the Dates and Numbers of the Orders outstanding.

Pass’d the 20th Day of June, 1717.

-iadicsEfftft for a Fecompence fcr Thomas Whaley, At-

a Its torney at Law, Clerk to the Honourable the Comtmssioners of Contra8ls for repairing the Fortifications of this Island, for his drawing several Articles and other Writings for the Country s Service; and also for Satisfaction of some Charges and Expences he has laid out for the Service aforesaid.

hSs effla better to enable the Committee of Publick Accounts

of this Island to settle the Accounts of Richard Downes, late Treasurer of this Island3 deceas'd.

An

8

28i

the LAWS of BARBADOES.

An Act to prevent His Majesty's Subjects within this Govern- #2° 614-nlent from having any Trade or Commerce with, or giving Protection, Encouragement, or Assijlance whatsoever, so <2«y of the Rebellious Subjects of his tnoji Christian Majesty belonging to the Island of Martinique*

An Act appointing Agents to transaB and negotiate the Affairs jRo gI5, of this Island in Great Britain.

An Act to dock the Entail limited on Two certain Messuages JI3° C16. or Tenements, and Three Pieces or Parcels of Land in the Town of St. Michael^ and on certain Negro Slaves, and to Vejt the Fee-Simple thereof in Martha Lenoir, Wife of John Lenoir, Esquire, and Daughter and Heir of William Cragg, late of the said Town of St. Michael, Merchant, deceas'd.

WHEREAS William Craggy late of the Town of St. Michael in this Island, Merchant, deceas’d, was, in his Life-time, and at the Time of his Decease, seized in his Demesne, as of Fee to him and his Heirs for ever, of Two certain Messuages or Tenements in a Street called Read-fir eet^ in the Towii of St. Michael aforesaid, together with Three Pieces or Parcels of Land in the said Street j as also of divers Negro Slaves ( viz.) Cary Uogady, and Venture, Men; Peggy and Mary, Women; Jemmy and Jack?

Boys } and Rose, a Girl. And being so seized, on the Five and Twentieth Day of November, which was in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and sixteen, duly made and published his Last Will and Testament in Writing, wherein and whereby he devised and bequeathed unto his Daughter Martha Cragg, and her Heirs lawfully begotten, for ever, all his Lands, Houses and Negroes in this Island, as in and by the said Last Will and Testament, duly proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office, appears: And whereas the said Martha, since the Decease of the said William Craggy hath intermarried with John Lenoir, Esq; and is the only Daughter and Heir of the said William Cragg : And whereas the said Martha hath been privately examined by Thomas Maycock and John Boynton, Esquires, being a Committee appointed by the General Assembly of this Island. for that Purpose; and upon such Examination the said Martha hath voluntarily and freely acknowledged, that she is very desirous to have the Entail on the said Land, Messuages, or Tenements, and Negro Slaves, docked and barred, to the end that the fame may be fold, and the Money arising by such Sale, placed out and improved for the better Increase of the said Martha's Fortune j and the said John Lenoir is likewise willing that the said Entail shall be barred : But because of the said Entail on the said Land, Messuages, or Tenements, and Negro Slaves, by virtue of the before mentioned Will and Testament, no Person will become Purchaser thereof;

Be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Esq; His Majesty's Captain General and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and General

N n Assembly

282

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth the said Estate Entail so, as aforesaid, limited and settled, and all Rever-fions and Remainders expectant thereupon, be, and they are, by Virtue of this present Act, for ever docked and barred; and that from henceforth the said Messuages or Tenements, with their and every of their Appurtenances, and the said Pieces or Parcels of Land, and Negro Slaves, with their Increase lince the Death of the said William Cragg, shall be, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes in the Law whatsoever, actually veiled and settled in the said "Martha Lenoir, her Heirs and Assigns for ever; and accordingly the said Martha Lenoir shall be adjudged and taken to be seized thereof, as of a good, pure, absolute, and indefealible Estate of Inheritance in Fee-Simple.

Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Heirs and Successors ( other than and except the said Martha Lenoir, and the Right Heirs of the above mentioned William Cragg, upon the said Martha's dying without Ilfue ) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand w’hatsoever, as me, they, or any of them, have, or of Right ought to have, of, in, to, or out of the said Messuages or Tenements, Land, or Negro Slaves, or either of them, or any Part thereof, as if this Act had never been made.

Provi ded always. That nothing herein contained, Lhall extend or be construed to impeach or make void any of the Debts or Incumbrances wherewith the said Messuages or Tenements, Land, and Negro Slaves, or any of them, or any Part thereof, is or are, or ought to be charged and burthened; but that all such Debts or Incumbrances whatsoever, shall be and continue payable and recoverable in the same manner as the fame were and should have been before the Palling of this Act ,• any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Pass'd the 15 th Day of October, 1717.

FINIS.

ACTS

O F

ASSEMBLY,

PASSED in the

I Hand of Barbadoes;

From 1717-18, to 1738, mclusive.

PART II.

LONDON:

Printed by JOHN BASKETTt Printer to the King’s Moil: Excellent Majesty. MDCCXXXIX.

INDEX

T O

PART II. of*

Barbadoes LAWS.

111

A AT AB for the better settling Liteflates Estates; and for enabling ^>a^ec^ Fathers to dispose of the Custody of their Children during their Mi- 1714* nority, (Part I.) Page 315

An Act for the Encouragement of David Aubin Gentleman,• in Two 1717-18.' several Projections by him invented\ ibid.

An Act to hnpower the Ireajiirer oj this Island to defray the Expence of the *7* late Grand Sessions, held for the Body of this Island on the ‘Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Days of December, 1717. 316

An Act to raise a Levy on the several Inhabitants of this Island', ibid.

An Act for the better ordering and regulating of His Majesty's high and honourable Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown in this Island', ibid.

An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Proceedings of His Majestfs Courts of Common-pleas within this Island, 318

An Act appointing in what Manner Salt, and all forts of Grain imported this Island, fall be sold or disposed of, 320

An Act requiring all Persons whatsoever in this Island to bring in to the Treasurer for the Time being, a true Lift of all Orders, or other Debts due to him, her, or them, from the Publick of this Island, 321

An Act to raise a Levy on the several Inhabitants of this Island, ibid.

An Act to dock the Entail limited on Two certain Plantations or Parcels of Land, in the Parish of St. Philip j and to vest the Fee-jimple thereof in John Jones Gentleman, eldejl Son of Jefurun Jones, late of this Island,

Gentleman, deceased, ibid.

An Act for the Encouragement of Thomas Sainthill Gentleman, in his Proje-Bion of a Mill for the grinding of Sugar Canes, 322

An Act for the further and better enabling the Committee appointed for settling the publick Accounts of this Island, to proceed to the ballancing the Accounts of the honourable Thomas Maycock Esquire, late Treasurer of the said Island, ibid.

(S f 3)

An

iv INDEX to Part II. of Barbadoes Laws.

Pa fled An Act to impower the LreaJ'urer of this island to defray the Expence of the

1718. late Grand Sefions, held for the Body of this If and on the Tenths Eleventh,

and Twelfth Days of June, 1718. Page 32a

An Act granting a free Liberty to the Inhabitants of this Ifand in general, to load and unload' to and from any the Mays, Creeks, or Harbours in and aboiit this Ifand, ibid.

An Act to confirm an Afjefment if Negroes Labour, and Carriage of Carts, laid on the Owners of Land, Negroes, and Carts, within the Parish of Christ Church, by the Gentlemen of the Fifty of the said Parish, 324

An Act appointing Agents to transact and negotiate the Affairs of this Ifand in Great Britain, ibid.

An Act to enlarge the Lime for Sale of Effects attached for Pariff Dues , in a near, 325

A fipplemental Act' to an Act, intituled, An Act to enable and impower the Treasurer of this Island fot the Time being, to pay unto Dr. Patrick Home the Arrears due to him on account of the French Prisoners during the late W ar, ibid.

2718-19. An Act for abrogating the Oath appointed by an Act of this Ifand to be taken by Attornies employed to draw up Special Verdicts, and appointing another Oath infead thereof, ibid.

An Act to impower the I’reafiirer of this Ifand to defray the Expence of the late Grand Sessions, held for the Body of this Ifand on the Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Lwelfth Days of December, 1718, 326

An Act to impower the Governor, or Commander zn Chief, and Council for the Lime being, to commute the Value of Powder, Arms, and Ammunition, or ether Stores that now are, or hereafter shall be found wanting in the Accounts of the Store-keepers of the Magazine in this Ifand -, and to reduce the fame into Money, ibid.

1719. An Act for the Encouragement of William Maflett, in his new Projection of

making Worms, and altering Still-heads, for the better Improvement of Dif illation, 327

An Act for the Relief of William Harris, and others, touching several Country Orders which have been accidentally destroyed at Sea, ibid.

An Act appointing Agents to transact and negotiate the Affairs of this Ifand in Great Britain, ibid.

An Act for docking the Entail of a certain Plantation, situated hi the Parish of St. Lucy in this Ifand, and of certain Negro Slaves, and for settling the fame in Fee-fmple on Elisha Goulding, of the said Pariff, Gentleman, ibid.

A . supplemental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act to oblige the casual Receiver of His Majesty's Revenue of this Island, to pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds current 'Money, towards defraying the Charges of the several Courts of Grand Sessions held for the Body of this Island, 328

An Act to ascertain the Quantity of Liquors that shall be contained in any Glafi Bottles imported this Ifand far-Sale, ibid.

1719-20. An Act for the better regulating the Power of Vefiries in this Ifand, in the giving and granting away parochial Money to Clergymen officiating as Rectors or Curates, 329

An Act for depriving William Gordon Clerk, commonly called William Gordon, Rector of the Parish of St. Midhael, of his Benefice j and for disabling him

from

IN D E X to Part IT. of Barbadoes Laws.

v

1720.

from exercising or enjoying any Ecclesiastical Living, Dignity, Be?iefice, or ikf/- Passed niftry •within this If and Page 329 1719-20.

An Act to impower the Treasurer of this If and to defray the Expence of the late Grand Saffians, held for the Body of this If and on the Eighth, Ninth, and ‘tenth Days of December, 1719. as also the Expences occassioned by the late Examination of Witnefes in this If and, touching the Char abler and Principles of William Gordon Clerk, pursuant to an Order of the Right Honourable the Lords of the Committee for hearing Appeals, Complaints, See. from the Plantations, ibid.

An Act appointing Security to be given by Appellees, 330

An Act to oblige Church-wardens to account for Monies received by them •, and for the better regulating the Sale of Lands and Hoitjes, for the Payment of parochial Duties in arrear, 331

An Act to repeal a Clause of an Act, intituled, An additional Act to an Act, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders, and capable of eleSling, or being elected Representatives, Vcjhymen, or to j'erve as furors to toy real ASlions within this If and, ibid.

An Act for discharging Joseph Pilgrim Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and others, from certain Articles of Agreement, made and concluded upon the Marriage of the said Joseph and Mary; and also to enable the J’aid Joseph, and Mary his Wife, to make J'ale of certain Plantations, Lands, Negroes, and Hereditaments in this If and, comprized in the said Articles of Agreement, ibid.

An Act for the better preserving the Peace and Franquility of this Island', ibid;

An Act appointing the Persons executing the Ojfce of Secretary of this If and for the Lime being, to aSl as Notaries Publick in mercantile Cafes, 332

An Act for confuting and making more effectual a Decree or decretal Order, made in the High Court of Chancery in this If and on the Eleventh Day of May, 1720. in a certain Cause then depending, wherein the Honourable John Frere Esquire, and others, were Complainants, and John Price, an Infant, by his Guardian, Defendant, 333

An Act appointing how several Sums of Money, due and belonging to the Publick of this If and, shall be applied, ibid.

An Act to ascertain and fix the Bounds of the several Parifoes in this If and,

ibid.

An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections-, and appointing 1721; who shall be deemed Freeholders, and be capable of eleSling, or being eleSled Assemblymen, or Vestrymen, or to serve as Jurors to try real ASlions within this If and, 335

An Act for supporting the Honour and Dignity of the Government, 350 1722

An Act to prevent the Vessels that trade here, to and from Martinico, or elsewhere, from carrying off any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slaves, Persons indented, or controlled Servants, 3 51

An Act to impower his Excellency Colonel Henry Worsley to appoint any 1723. Perfm or Persons to treat and conclude with the Executors and Frufees of Thomas Pilgrim deceased, for a new Lease of Pilgrim House and Land,

ibid.

An Act appointing Agents for this Ifand in Great Britain* 352

(T t) An

VI

INDEX to Part II. of Sai'baffoes Laws.

Passed

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported this Iflatjd, in order to raifs Money for carrying on the Fortifications, for Payment of such Persons as are or shall be employed at the publick Charge, and for fitch other publick ZJfes as are herein appointed, Page 352

An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, should, be accepted instead of an Oath; and for granting to the said People such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration, as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under, ibid.

An Act to enlarge the Time allowed by an Act of this Island, intituled, A supplemental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on all Sugars, Melajfcs, Rum, Cotton, or Ginger imported this Island, which are not the natural Product, Growth, and Manufacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies, for proving Goods seized by virtue of the said Acts, or either of then/, to be the natural Product, Growth, or Mannfailure of some of His Majestys Colonies 3 or that the Duty imposed by virtue of the ffrjl of the said Acts, hath been truly, and bona fide paid, or feasted to be paid, 354

An Act to prevent the Dangers which may happen to the Inhabitants of this Island from contagious Distempers, brought here by Ships, or other Vessels arriving from Foreign Parts, 35 6

An Act to raise a Levy on the Inhabitants of this Island 3 and to establish a Method to ftpply the want of Caffs, for the Payment of the publick Debts, ibid.

An Act for enlarging the Time appointed for the Election of Vejlrymcu in this Island, ibid.

An additional AS to an Act, intituled, An Act establ idling the Courts of Common pleas in this Island; declaring also a Method and Manner of Proceedings, both to Judgement and Execution, which are to be observed in the said Courts, 357

1724. An Act appointing Agents for this If and in Great Britain, 358

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for carrying on the Fortifications, for Payment of such Persons as are or shall be employed at the publick Charge, and for fitch other publick Dfes as are herein appointed, ibid.

An Act for the Preservation of Fish, 359

An Act to repeal Part of an Act of this Island, hearing Date the Fourth Day of August, 1724. intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for carrying on the Fortifications, for Payment of such Persons as are or shall be employed at the publick Charge, and for such other publick Uses as are herein appointed 3 so far as the fame relates to Wittes, and other StrongJiquors, of the Growth or Production of Europe, imported into this Island, ibid.

1725. An Act requiring all Persons whatsoever in this Island, to produce to the

Treasurer for the Time being, all Orders for Money due to them from the Publick of this Island, %6o

An Act to prevent the Dangers which may happen to the Inhabitants of this Island from contagious Distempers, brought here by Ships, or other Vessels arriving from Foreign Parts, ibid.

An

INDEX to Part If. of Barba does Laws.

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for carrying on the Fortifications, for Payment of fitch Persons as are or pall be employed at the pttblick Charge, and for fitch other publick Uses as are herein appointed, Page 360

An Act for creating Magazines at St. Anne’j Cajile, and building a Towh-hall and Gaol in the Town of St. Michael, in the said IslandI, ibid.

An ylH appointing Agents for this If and in Great Britain, ibid.

An Act for the Payment of Money due from the Publicity to the Honourable William Downs Esq Hire, ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duly on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this I flan cl, in order to raise Money for carrying on the Fortifications, for Payment of such Persons as are or shall be employed at the publick Charge, and for such other pttblick Uses as are herein appointed, 361

An Act appointing Agents-for this Island in Great Britain, ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines. and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for carrying on the Fortifications, for Payment of fitch Persons as are or shall be employed at the pttblick Charge, and for fitch other publick Uses as are herein appointed, ibid.

An Act to prevent the Vessels that trade here, to and from Martinico, or elsewhere, from carrying off any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slaves, Persons indented, or controlled Servants, ibid;

An Act to reduce the Pate of Interest, 363

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for Payment of fitch Persons as are or shall be employed at the pttblick Charge, and for fitch other publick Uses as are herein appointed, $64

An Act for the Encouragement of William Ramsden Gentleman, in his new Improvement of Cattle Mills, for grinding Sugar Canes, 365

An Act for the better carrying on. Completing, and finishing Magazines at St. Anne’sCaflle, and building a Town hall and Gaol in the Town of St. Michael, in the said Island, ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for Payment of such Persons as are or shall be employed at the publick Charge, and for such other publick Uses as are herein appointed, 369

An Act for preventing of excessive Gaming, ibid.

An. AB for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for Payment of fitch Persons as are or shall be employed at the publick Charge, and for such other publick Uses as are herein appointed, 371

An Act for the Punishment of run-away Slaves, and of Slaves who shall wilfully entertain, harbour, and conceal any run away Slaves, ibid.

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for Payment of such Persons as are or shall be employed at the publick Charge, and for fitch other publick Uses as are herein appointed, 373

An

VII

Faffed

1725.

1726.

1727.

1728.

1729.

1730.

*73r*

viii IN D E X to Part II. of Barbados Laws.

Passed An Act for Limitation of AH ions, and avoiding of Suits - and for the hct-173a. ter securing to the Inhabitants of this Island the peaceable Possession of their Ejiatcs, Page 373

An Act for making Provision for the Reception and Accommodation of his Honour the President at Great Pilgrims, and defraying the Expences of his Residence there, 374

1733^ for the better Support of his Excellency, and the Dignity of the Government of this Island, 575

An Act to regulate and ascertain the ElcHion, Manner of Accounting, Powers, and Proceedings of Church-wardens, ibid.

An Act for the better governing of Negroes; and the more effectual preventing the Inhabitants of this Island prom employing their Negroes, or other Slaves, in Selling or Bartering, 381

An Act for the Payment of the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to the Committees of Council and Assembly, appointed to consult and agree upon proper Measures to defray the Charges of putting His Majesty's InflruHions, for publishing his Excellency’s Commisston in His Majesty's Island s of St. Lucia, St. Vincent‘s, Dominico, and Tobago, and the Evacuation of St. Lucia, St. Vincent’s, and Dominico, in execution, 385

An additional AH to an Act, intituled, An Act for the better Support of his Excellency, and the Dignity of the Government of this island,

ibid.

An Act for the further, better, and more certain regulating and appointing the Fees of the several Officers and Courts of this Islancl, ibid.

1734. for foPPbing the Deficiency of the Excise, and for raising Money fir

other publick Uses, ibid.

An Act for the more effectual Recovery of certain Arrears due to His Mojl Sacred Majesty by virtue of an All or Statute of this Island, bearing Date the Twenty sixth Day of February, 1722. intituled, An Act for supporting the Honour and Dignity of the Government, and fir appropriating the same to the Uses herein after mentioned, ibid.

An Act for preventing clandestine Marriages, 3 85

An Act for the Allowance of Interest on Orders to be issuecl for the Payment of Monies that shall be due to any Person, either for Work done, or Materials provided for the putting the present Train of Artillery at Pilgrims in good Order and sufficient Repair, and jinifling TumbreUs, and other Nc-cejfariesy fir those and such other Guns as shall be added thereto 5 and for repenting and amending the other principal Forts and Fortifications in this Island, 387

An Act to empower certain Persons therein named, to purchase Pilgrim House and Land for the Use of the Publick, ibid.

*735* An Act the better to manifest the Gratitude of the People in this Island for the Benefits they received from the Just and prudent Administration of his late Excellency the Right Honourable Scroop Lord Viscount Howe, Baron of Cleonelly, our deceased Governor 5 and for enabling and impowering the Treasurer for the Time being, to pay a certain Sum of the publick Money to the Right Honourable Maria Sophia Charlottee Viscountess Howe, Widow and ReliH of his said late Excellency, for the necessary Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned, 388

An

IX

INDEX to Part II. of Barb a does Laws.

An Act for the Encouragement of Major Thomas Spencer Esquire, in a new Passed Proje3 or Method he has invented in the place and stead of Lead on 1735* Coppers, being left expensive, more durable, and convenient than what hath heretofore been used, Page 389

An Act empowering the Vejlry of the Parish of St. Joseph to choose a Churchwarden for the said Parish, to continue in the said Office till the Five and twentieth Day of March next, ibid.

An Act to provide for the Expences of his Honour the President’s Table, during his Refid'ence at Pilgrim’/ Hottfe, for the Benefit of the Publick, ibid.

An Act impowering the Vefiry of the Parish of St. Lucy to choose a Churchwarden for the said Parish, to continue in the said Office tiU the Twenty fifih Day of March next: And also to enable the Vestries of the several Parishes in this Island to make choice of a Church-warden, in case of the Death, or going off" this Island of any Church-warden, before the Tear, for which he is elected, expires, ibid.

An Act appointing Agents for this Island in Great Britain, 3 90

An Act for the Encouragement of Thomas Spencer Esquire, in a new Proje3 or Method he has invented, for the more easy and expeditious firaining of Liquors for making Sugar and Rum, ibid.

An Act declaring Part of the new Town-house, in the Town of St. Michael, to be the common Gaol of this Island j and impowering the Provost-marshal to make use of it as such, 391

An Act concerning the surveying of Land in this Island, ibid.

An Act for making further Provision fir the Expences of his Honour the >73* President's Table, during his Residence at Pilgrim House, for the Benefit of the Publick, 392

An Act for the Encouragement of Thomas Sainthill Esquire, in his. new Pro-je3ion of a Machine, for the more expeditiously taking off the outward red Skin, and the inward white Parchment Skin from Coffee, ibid.

An Act for the better ascertaining the true at*d exafi Gage and Tare of Cask,

ibid.

An Act so prevent the Exportation of Clay from this Island, 396

An Act more effectually to remedy and prevent the Hardfinps and inconve-ntencies on the Inhabitants of this Island by Forejlallers, Ingrossers, and ' Regrators of Provisions, 3 97

An Act to enable and tmpower Assignees and Indorsees of all Debts and Demands, to commence and do all other A3s and Things in his, her,

or their own Name or N$mes, fir obtaining and getting Satisfaction thereof, in as full and ample Manner, Form^ and Effe3, to all Intents and Purposes, as the original Creditor might or could, do, had no Alignment or Indorsment been made 5 and also fir giviqg the like Remedy against the Assignors, Indorsers, or Accepters of Inland Bills and Notes, as is used and allowed on Foreign Bills of Exchange, 399

An Act for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Butchers Meat $ and for 1737-giving them a speedy Method of recovering what is or may be due and owing for what they feU and dispose of; and also for giving the like Remedy to the Planters, and Raijers of Cattle and Stock, against such Butchers, for yw hat they buy to be killed, fold, and disposed of, 402

(U a) An

X

INDEX to Part II. of Barbadoes Laws.

Faffed An Act for the Encouragement of Simon Scantlebury, and Philip Jackman *737' Eftpdres, in a new ProjeSt or Method they have invented, for recovering and curing blasted Canes in this Island, Page 403

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, intituled, An Act to quiet the Minds of the Inhabitants of this Island against the Terrors and Appre-.. henfioris they lie under of a Spiritual Court j and to provide, that no Ecclesiastical Law or Jurisdiction shall have Power to 'inforce, confirm, or establish any Penal Mulft or Punishment in any Case whatsoever within this Island, ibid.

An Act for raifng a Levy on the Inhabitants of this Island, to Jitpply the Dejicj-ency of the Excij'e, in paying the publick Debts, and the annual Expences of the Government of this Island, 405

1738. An additional and explanatory Act to the Act, intituled, An Act to oblige Church-wardens to account for Monies received by them j and for the better regulating the Sale of Lands and Houses, for the Payment of parochial Duties in arrear, 406

An Act to encourage the raising of Cattle, and other live Stock in this Island; and for giving a tnore Jpecdy Remedy for recovering Debts contracted for Cattle and Stock, foldj dispoj'ed of, and credited here, 407

An Act to prohibit the exporting from this Island, of Cattle, and other live Stock, and Provisions planted and reaped here; and for the tnore effectual putting in force all former Laws made against Exporters and IngroJJers, 408

An Act for appointing a.n Agent for this Island in Great Britain, 41.0

An Act to oblige Church-wardens to give Security for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices •, and f or the better regulating the Manner of their Election and Accounting, ibid.

'An Act to inforce and render effectual in this Island the several Acts or Statutes made in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain heretofore called England, for obliging Vessels to perform iguarentine j and for preventing the Dangers which may happen to this Island from contagious Distempers, brought here by Ships, or other Vessels arriving from Foreign Parts, 413

si".

-ll

; 5

1

THE

3*5

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

An Act for the better settling Intestates Estates, and for enabling Fa- B° 617. thers to dispose of the Custody of their Children during their Minority. shouia hive

been inferred

Waiter N° 581.

HERE AS divers good and wholesom Laws have been made, and Foi. »8j. in are now in full force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain ,c,| °buc heretofore called England\ for the better settling and Distribution of Intestates Cape.

Estates, and Fathers are thereby enabled to dispose [of] the Custody of their wasTe"™ be-Children, during their Minority: And whereas the Ordinaries of this Island j1"fC|UnJ°"u'jc have sometimes acted conformably to the said Laws now in force in England, 'noc^ran-5n the granting of the Administration of Intestates Estates, and in allowing the

Fathers to dispose of the Custody of their Children j and at other Times have office till the thought lit not to regulate themselves by the said Laws, and acted contrary Jnejrth‘e7rze^re thereto, whereby many and great Inconveniencies have happened to the Inha- could not be bitants of this Island; to the intent therefore that all Uncertainty herein may p^ntecdp^L(.,gS. be removed, and the said Inconveniencies prevented for the future, be it en-proper ace" acted and ordained, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Honourable William Sharpe Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloup, the Honourable the Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof, in case where per. any Person or Persons die intestate, or that the Executors named in any Testa-^"^ ment refuse to prove the said Tellament, then the Ordinary of this Island for the Ordinary, the Time being shall grant the Administration of the Goods of the Testator, or Person deceased, to the Widow of the same Person deceased, or to the nextto cheWidow, of his Kin, or to both, as by the Discretion of the lame Ordinary shall be^nnexc °-f thought good, taking Security of him or them, to whom shall be made such ' Commission, for the true Administration of the Goods, Chattels, and Debts, which he or they shall be so authorized to minister: And in case where divers Persons claim the Administration, as next of Kin, which be equal in Degree of Kindred to the Testator, or Person deceased j and where any Person only delireth the Administration of next of Kin, where indeed divers Persons be in Equality of Kindred, as is aforesaid; that in every such Case the Ordinary to be at his Election, and Liberty to accept any one or more making Re-quest, where divers do require the Administration j or where but one or more of them, and not all being in Equality of Degree, do make Request, then the Ordinary to admit the Widow, and him or them only making Request, or any one of diem, at his Pleasure.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaidj That the Ordi-Bond to be naries of this Island for the Time being, shall and may, upon their respective Xdmmiftra- granting and committing of Administration of the Goods of Persons dying in- »• testate after the Publication hereof, of the respective Person or Persons to whom any Administration is to be committed, to take sufficient Bonds, with two or more able Sureties (Respe<£l being had to the Value of the Estate) in the J'Jame of the Ordinary, to the said Ordinary, and his Successors, with the Condition in Form and in Manner following, mutatis mutandis j viz.

THE Condition of this Obligation is such, *That if the above bounden A. R.

Administrator of all and singular the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of C.D. deceased, do make, or cetitfe to be made, a true and perfect Inventory of all and fngular the Goods, Chattels., and Credits of the said Deceased, which have or shall tome to the Hands; PoJJeJjfan, or Knowledge of blm the said A.B. or to the Hands andpfjefjhn of any other Person or Persons for him; and the fame' so made, do exhibit,1 or cause to be exhibited in the SecretarysQflke of this Island, within thirty

R r 2 Days

3i6 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Days next ensuing; and the fame Goods, Chattels, Credits, all other the

Goods, Chattels, and Credits of the said Deceased, at the Time of his Death, which at any Time after fall come to the Hands or Pofefion oj the said A.B. or into the Hands and Pofefion of any other Person or Persons for him, do well and truly adminifer according to Law; and further do make, or caitje to be made, a true and jujl Account of his said Administ ration, within ten Calendar Months now next ensuing; and all the rest and Ref due of the said Goods, Chattels, and Credits, which fall be foimd remaining upon the said Administrator s Accounts, fall deliver and pay unto Jiich Person or Persons respectively, as the Court oj Chancery in this Tstand, establifed by their Degree, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning oj this Act, shall limit and appoint: Aid if it fall hereafter appear, that any last Will and Te-f ament was made by the said Deceajed, and the Executor or Executors therein named, do exhibit the fame into the said Secretary’s Office, making Request to have it allowed and approved accordingly, if the said A.B. above bounden, being thereunto required, do render and deliver the said Letters of Administration (Approbation of such Test ament being jirjl had and made in the said Secretary’s Office) then this Obligation to be void, and of none Effect; or else to remain in f ull force and virtue.

Which Bonds are hereby declared and enacted to be good, to all Intents and Purposes, and pleadable in any Courts of Justice j and also that the said Court of Chancery shall and may, and is enabled to proceed, and call such Administrators to account for and touching the Goods of any Person dying intestate j and upon hearing, and due Consideratic-n thereof, to order and mark just and equal Distribution of what remaineth clear, after all Debts, Funerals, and just Expences of every fort first allowed and deducted, amongst the Wife and Children, or Childrens Children, if any such be, or otherwise to the next of Kindred to the dead Person, in equal Degree, or legally representing their Stocks, pro juo cuique Jure, according to the Laws in such Cases, and the Rules and Limitation hereafter set' down, and the fame Distributions to decree and settle, and to compel such Administrators to observe and pay the same by the due Course of His Majesty's Ecclesiastical Laws; saving to every one supposing him or themselves aggrieved, their Right of Appeal, as was always in such Cases used.

ReGdue of

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Intestate^how t^le Court of Chancery Avail distribute the whole Surplusage of the Estate tobcdittiibut-of any Person dying intestate, in Manner and Form following; that is to lay, *d' One third Part of the said Surplusage to the Wife of the Intestate, and all the

Residue, by equal Portions, to and amongst the Children of such Persons dying intestate, and such Persons as legally represent such Children, in case any of the said Children be then dead, other than such Child or Children, not being Heir at Law, who shall have any Estate by the Settlement of the Inte-state, or strall be advanced by the Intestate in his Life-time, by Portion or Portions, equal to the Share which shall by such Distributions be allotted to the other Children, to whom such Distribution is to be made: And in case any Child,' other than the Heir at Law, who shall have any Estate by Settlement from the said Intestate, or shall be advanced by the said Intestate in his Life-time, by Portion not equal to the Share which will be due to the other Children by such Distribution, as aforesaid, then so much of the Surplusage of the Estate of such Intestate to be distributed to such Child or Children as shall have any. Land and Negroes by Settlement from the Intestate, or were advanced in the Life-time of the said Intestate, or shall make the Estate of all the said Children to be equal, as near as can be estimated; but the Heir at Law, notwithstanding any Land, or other real Estates that he shall have by Descent, or otherwise, .from the Intestate, is to have an equal Part in the Distribution with the rest of the Children, without any Consideration of the

Value

317

The LAWS of BARBADOES,

Value of the Land, or other real Estate which he hath by Descent, or otherwise, from the Intestate : And in case there be no Children, nor any legal Representatives of them, then one Moiety of the said Estate to be allotted to the Wife of the Intestate; the Residue of the said Estate to be distributed equally to every of the next of Kindred of the Intestate, who are in equal Degree, and those wh,o legally represent them; provided, that there be no Representation admitted actiongst Collaterals, after Brothers and Sifters Children; and in case there be no Wife, then all the said Estate to be distributed equally to and amongst the Children; and in case there be no Child, then to the next of Kindred, in equal Degree of or unto the Intestate, and their legal Representatives, as aforesaid, and in no other Manner whatsoever.

IV. Provided also, and be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, NoDiftribu. to the end that a due Regard be had to Creditors, That no such Distributions '^de'ni'Ta of the Goods of any Person dying intestate, be made till after one Year, be Year after the fully expired after the In testate’s Death; and that such and every one, to Dejfha.te s whom any Distribution and Share shall be allotted, shall give Bond, with Bond to be sufficient Sureties, to the said Ordinaries, in the Name of the said Ordinaries, f,aveI£eJjtr0flie and to the said Ordinaries, and their Successors, that if any Debt or Debts, Debt!, if »ny truly owing by the Intestate, shall be afterwards sued for and recovered, or aPP011-otherwise duly made to appear; that then, and in every such Case, he or she

shall respectively refund and pay back to the Administrator his or her ratable Part of that Debt or Debts, and of the Cost of Suit, and Charges of the Administrator by reason of such Debt, out of the Part and Share so as aforesaid allotted to him or her, thereby to enable the said Administrator to pay and satisfy the said Debt or Debts so discovered after the Distribution made, as aforesaid.

[Proviso.]

V. Provided ahsqtys, and be "it ehadled by the - Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where the (Ordinary hath used heretofore to grant Administration,

cum T^ejlc annexoi he shall continue so to do; and the Will of the Deceased in such Testament expressed, shall be performed and observed in such Manner, as it should have been if this Act had never been made.

VI. Provided always, and be it declared by the Authority aforesaid,'That re*

neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall be construed to extend Femes-covert.; to the Estates of Feme-coverts that shall die intestate, but that their Husbands

may demand and have Administration of their Rights, Credits, and other personal Estates, and recover and enjoy the lame, as they might have done before the making of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where Father! may any Person hath or shall have any Child or Children under the Age of One cuSody° of and twenty Years, and not married at the Time of his Death, that it shall clieirChildren and may be lawful to and for the Father of such Child or Children, whe- Minority]6* ther born at the Time of the Decease of the Father, or at any Time in

Ventre Ja Mere, or whether such Father be within the Age of One and twenty Years, or of full Age, by his Deed executed in his Xife-time, or by his last Will and Testament in Writing, in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, in such Manner, and from Time to Time, as he shall respectively think fit, to dispose of the Custody and Tuition of such Child or Children, for and during such Time as he or they respectively remain under the Age of One and twenty Years, or any lelfer Time, to any Person or Persons in Possession, other than Popish Reculants j iand that such Disposition of the Custody of such Child or Children, from and after Publication of this Act, shall be good and effectual against all and every Person and Persons claiming the Custody or Tuition of such Child or Children, as Guardian in Soccage, or otherwise; and that such Person or Persons, to whom the Custody of such Child or Children hath been or shall be so dhposed or deviled, as aforesaid, shall and may maintain an Action of Ravishment, of Ward, or Trespass, against any Person

318 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Person or Persons which shall wrongfully take away or detain such Child or Children, for the Recovery of such Child or Children, and shall and may recover Damages for the lame in the said Action, for the Use and Benefit of such Child or Children.

Their Estatei

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons, to whom the Manage- the Custody of such Child or Children hath been or shall be lb disposed or ment of their deviled, shall and may take into his or their Custody, to the Use of such Child uar wnr. Qr children, the Profits of all Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and Hereditaments of such Child or Children; and allb the Custody, Tuition, and Management of the Goods, Chattels, and personal Estate of such Child or Children, till their respective Age of One and twenty Years, or any lesser Time, according to such Disposition aforesaid, and may bring such Action or Actions in relation thereunto, as by Law Guardians in common Soccage might do.

Proviso relat-

IX. Provided also, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to discharge any Apprentice from his Apprenticeship.

Faffed the 8th Day of January, 1714.

The End of the First Parti

3*5

THE

LAWS

BARBADOS S.

PART II.

An Act for the Encouragement of David Aubin Gent, in t<wo federal

Proje&ions by him invented.

i!2° <517. Expired.

s i

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

316

33° 618- An Act to mpower the Treasurer of this Ijlatid to defray the Expence of the late Grand Sefjtons, held for the Body of this Island on the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth Days of December, One thousand seven him-. dred and seventeen.

f-j'

turn

ii2° 619.

Expired.

An Act to raise a levy' on the several Inhabitants of this Island.

§ mm mm

s Mm Mm s£^2 mm

<?2o. An Act for the better ordering and regulating of His Mafejlys high and honourable Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown in this If. and.

HERE AS in and by a certain Act or Statute of this Island, now in full Force, intituled, An ALB ejlnbiij];-ing the Courts of,Common-pleas in this Islan'djdeclaring also a Method and Manner of Proceedings, both to Judgement and Execution, which are to be observed in the said Courts, it is (amongst other things) enacted and declared, That this Island shall be distributed into five Precincts", in each of which Precincts a Court of Common-pleas is appointed to be holden once in every four Weeks, to begin on the last Monday and jtuefday in January in every Year, and so to continue successively until the twenty sixth Day of September following: An<$ further, by the said Act it is declared, That every Person shall be sued in the Precincts wherein he lives, unless two or more Persons living in several Precincts be prosecuted for one Cause of Action, as by the said Act, relation being thereunto had, more fully, and at large it doth appear: And whereas the said Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown, hath usually been held at the Town of St. Michael, and divers Persons, under Pretence only of being Debtors and Accountants to His Sacred Majesty, as well as His Majesty's Officers and real Debtors, have commenced several Suits in the aforesaid Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown, against divers Persons in this Island,

living

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

living in different Prou'ners, contrary to the aforesaid Act or Statute : And whereas the said Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown, hath often times adjourned for the Space of fourteen Days, and at other times for a Week or ten Days, by Means whereof the Parties Defendants have been surprized, and Judgements have passed against them by Default, and Executions have immediately issued, to their great Prejudice: For remedy whereof for the future, be it enacted by his Excellency Robert L/nvther Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardehup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, no Upon win: Person or Persons whatsoever (except His Majesty's Governor, or Commander p°r"bnVniay in Chief for the Time being, the Officers of the said Court of Exchequer, as mainrain Suits well judicial as ministerial. His Majesty's Attorney-general, and Solicitor-ge- o" Exchequer, neral, the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, the Collectors and Receivers of His Majesty's Customs of this Island, the Agents-victuallers, or Agent-victualler of His Majesty's Ships of War, Plis Majesty's Escheator and casual Receiver, and the acting Deputy or Deputies of every such Officer for the Time being) shall maintain any Action or Suit in tire laid Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown, for the Recovery of any Debt or Duty whatsoever; unless the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall, at the next Sitting of the said Court of Exchequer, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced, personally appear before the Chief Baron, or any two or more of the Puisne Barons of the said Court, and make Oath, That such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs is or are, really and bona fide, indebted to His Majesty in the Sum of and that such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs did not become indebted to His said Majesty on purpose to have the Privilege of suing in the said Court of Exchequer, and are not,able to pay His said Majesty, unless such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs can speedily recover the Debt or Sum of Money declared for in such Action or Suit; which Oath the said Chief Baron, a any two or more of the Puisne Barons of the said Court, are hereby impowered and required, to administer on the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from, and Court of Ex-immediately after the Publication of this Act, The laid Court of Exchequer, where "to be and Pleas of die. Crown, shall be held on the Friday next after the Day in held-course on which the Chancery Court is usually held, and so successively once

a Month, on every Friday next after the said Chancery Court, and not oftner, for the hearing and determining of any common Plea between any of His Majesty's Subjects.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Per-Persont prison or Persons as are, or hereafter shall become privileged to sue in the said

Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown, shall be liable to be sued in Court, may the said Court by any Person or Persons in this Island, although such Person by any others, or Persons shall not be any ways indebted to His Majesty, or His Successors j .any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and When Execu-after the Publication hereof, no Execution shall issue on any Judgement that *}f "e* *re to shall be obtained in the said Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown,

upon any common Plea, until fourteeen Days next after the obtaining such Judgement shall be expired; and that every Execution that shall hereafter be issued on any Judgement obtained in the said Court of Exchequer on any common Plea, shall run in the same Manner and Form, as Executions that are issued out of His Majesty's Court of Common-pleas in this Island, and not otherwise.

3i 8 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Capias not to be taken out instead of an Execution.

Marshal :o proceed in the same Manner as the Marshal of the Common-pleas

Not to prejudice H:s Mi* jesty, Qpc.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That henceforward no Capias shall be taken out, or issued against the Body of any Person whatsoever, for any Debt recovered, or to be recovered in the said Court of Exchequer by any private Person, instead of an Execution; but that the fame Method of proceeding shall be had and observed for obtaining the Debt so recovered, as is used and practised in the Courts of Common-pleas in this Island, and no other ways,

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marshal of the said Court of Exchequer, and Picas of the Crown, or his lawful Deputy, shall proceed in levying such Executions as shall be issued out of the said Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown, in the same Manner and Form, as the Marshal of His Majesty's Court of Common-pleas, or his lawful Deputy, are impowered and required by Law to proceed on Executions issuing out of the said Court of Common-pleas, and not other ways.

VII. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not diminish, or in any ways hinder the Rights and Privileges of His Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the aforesaid Court of Exchequer, and Pleas of the Crown j but that the Rights and Privileges of His Majesty's Heirs and Successors shall be saved in all Points; any thing in this Act being or seeming to the contrary in any ways notwithstanding.

spp

w

113° 62i* for the better ordering and regulating the Proceedings of His Majesty s Courts of Common pleas ‘within this Island.

WHEREAS upon Trials of Titles, and other Issues, in the several Courts of Justice in this Island, the Judges of the said Courts, and the Assistants fitting as a Court, have sometimes been desired and requested, that the Jury then impannelled to try such Cause, should be directed to bring in a Special Verdict; notwithstanding which, the said Court have in some Cafes thought fit either to take no Notice of such Request, or else have re-fused to give any such Directions; and at other times, although such Directions have been given by the Court [to] the said Jurors, they have taken upon themselves to bring in a General Verdict, contrary to the Direction of the Court, and thereby have become Judges as well of Matters of Law, as Fact, to the great Prejudice and Inconveniency of many His Majesty's Subjects in this Island, who by such Practice have not only been deprived of his or their Remedy, before superior Courts in this Island, but also from appealing to His Most Sacred Majesty, and Council, by reason the Matters of Fact upon which such General Verdicts are given, do not appear: To the end therefore that the Judges of the several Courts in this Island, together with the Assistants thereof, as also the Jurors to be impannelled in such Courts for the future, may be restrained from exercising such illegal and unwarrantable Power and

Practices;

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

3i9

17:8.

Cfiirr to d,-

Pracliccs; be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lczuther Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Gvardehup, &c. the Honourable the Members of Elis Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth, if any Perl'on v/hatfo- r . ever, either Plaintiff or Defendant, in any Cause which shall be upon trial in touAVl'pX any the Courts of Common-pleas within this Island, shall, by himself, or his Counsel at Law, move or request the said Court, that the Matter or Idling by mha-L then in Dispute may be found Specially by the said Jury; the said Court shall, and they are hereby fervidly enjoined and required forthwith to direct and order the said Jury, before whom Inch Cause or causes is or are to be tried, to bring in their Verdict Specially, wherein all and every the Matters, as well of Law as said, with the Papers, Records, and Evidences whatsoever, shall be set forth and recited at large, in the same Manner as they, or any of them were delivered or produced to the said Court and Jury upon the said Trial, and as the Counsel or Attorney at Law on each Side shall agree and consent to in open Court, to the end that the Party aggrieved may be the better enabled to bring a Writ of Error, and that the whole Matter may be fairly transmitted to any supericr Court or Courts, if Occassion be: And if such Jury, so directed and ordered, as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding such Directions, presume to bring in a General Verdict in any such Caule; then the said Court is hereby empowered and required to quash every such Verdict, as null and void; and every such General Verdict which shall be brought in and delivered contrary to stich Directions of the said Court, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Penury on Judge of any of His Majesty's Courts of Common-pleas in this Island, or /aj‘ f0L any the Assistants fitting as a Court, shall, upon the Motion or Request of such D‘rctii-any Plaintiff or Defendant, either by himself, or his Counsel or Attorney at°ns 1 Law, neglect or refuse to give Directions to the Jurors to find the Cause or Matter upon trial Specially, with all and singular the Circumstances, Evidences,

and Proofs given or produced to the said Court and Jufy on the Trial, as aforesaid 5 in every such Case, every such Judge and Assistant, who shall of-pose, neglect, or refuse giving such Directions to the Jury, as aforesaid, shall from thenceforward be, and every of them are hereby declared incapable of serving His Majesty in any Poll or Office whatsoever in this Island, either civil or military; and shall be further subject and liable to the Damages fu-stained by the Party, whose Request shall be so refused by the Court; which Sum shall be recovered before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within this Island, as in case of Servants Wages.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Jury and nn tie whatsoever shall presume to bring in and deliver any General Verdict in any /"gRife'm boy" Cause where the said Court shall direct the said Jury to find the said Matter

then in Dispute, Specially; then, and in every such Case, every such Juryman shall by the said Court be forthwith committed to the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain for the Space of six Months, without Bail or Mainprize 3 and every of them shall further forfeit and pay to the Party who shall desire such Special Verdict, the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money <3f this Island j to be recovered before any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within this Island, as in case of Servants Wages.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, not- Veidifi withstanding the Penalties hereby laid on the Court and Jury, any Verdict shall contrary to be brought in and published, contrary to the Request or Desire of anytl,c Rcpueftof Person, either Plaintiff or Defendant, the fame being assigned as Error, anda^be =>«• duly made appear, shall be sufficient and valid to vacate and set aside anycd »s £>*o?. Judgement which shall be given on such Verdict.

T t V. And

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

-*y — mj

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Special Verdict shall be directed to be brought in, in Manner aforesaid, the Attornies employed in such Caul'e, as well on the Part of the Plaintiff, as Defendant, shall, before they proceed to draw up and frame inch Special Verdict, take the following Oath; viz.

Oath to be T A.B. do Jwcar, That I will nji’ my utmost Skill and Ability in preparing and torniei before X. drawing up the Special Verdict new directed; and that I will not omit, alter, drawing up a add, or diminish any the Evidence, Matter, ‘Thing, or Ciratmjlance whatsoever, df<s!'al VCf" which hath been proved, delivered, or produced to the Court in this Caffe; but will faithfully and truly recite and mention every individual Matter, Thing, and Cir-cumjlance in this Caitje, as well for the Advantage of the Plaintiff, as the Defendant, without Favour or Affection, Hatred, Malice, or Ill-will to any Person whatsoever.

Which Oath the said Court is hereby impowered, directed, and required to Penalty od administer to the said Attornies respectively: And if any Attorney, that shall Return. fog employed to draw up such Special Verdict, shall refuse to take such Oath, when tendered by the Court; every such Person shall thenceforth be, and he and they are hereby rendered incapable of practising as an Attorney or Solicitor in any the Courts of Law or Equity in this Island.

Judge to hear

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the VeCrdiftithe'aI Judge an^ Assistants of the several Courts of Common-pleas in this Island next Court shall, and they are hereby severally required, on the Motion of the Counsel after Motion. £or Plaintiff or Defendant, to hear and determine every Special Verdict

the very next Court after such Motion shall be made.

i!2c <5:s. Ain All appointing in nvhat Manner Salt, and all forts of Grain imported

this Island, fall he sold or disposed of.

TX THERE AS many Abuses have been committed by the Method used \\ in disposing of Salt, Corn, Oats, Beans, and other Grain imported this Island for Sale; be it enacted by His Excellency Robert Lowther Esquire. His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Gitardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of Salt, and all this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Pu-to'be°foM by*1 Plication of this Act, Salt, and all forts of Grain whatsoever, which shall be Weight. 7 imported this Island for Sale from any Foreign Part, or other Place whatsoever, shall be fold and disposed of by Weight in the Manner following j that is to say, Every Bushel of Salt shall contain eighty four Pounds; and every Bushel of Grain, fifty six Pounds; except Oats, which shall contain thirty eight Penalty. Pounds to the Bushel: And if any Person shall presume to sell or dispose of any Salt, Corn, Oats, Beans, Pease, or any other Grain whatsoever, fb imported, in any other Manner than before is mentioned j he, she, or they shall forfeit double the Value of the Specie so sold or disposed of, to His Majesty,

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

His Heirs and Successors; to be recovered before any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island, as in case of Servants Wages; one Half 1718. to the Use of the Person who shall make such Discovery, before any one of His said Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island; and the other Half to the Poor of that Parish where such Forfeiture shall arise; to be paid unto the acting Church-warden of such Parish.

An Act requiring all Per fans •vjhatsoever in this Island to bring in to the |3° <523* Treasurer for the Time being, a true Lijl of all Orders, or other Debts e due to him, her, or them, from the Publick of this Island.

An Act to raise a Levy on the several Inhabitants of this Island.

JU° 624.'

Expired.

An Act to dock the 'Entail limited on tnm certain Plantations or Parcels 3$° 62;. of Land, in the Parish of St. Philip; and to vefl the Fee-JtmplePnvate* thereof in John Jones Gentleman, eldefi Son of Jefurun Jones, late of this If and Gentleman, deceased.

jin

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

322

fxp-rfd5' for t^>e E/ncourag>eme'>7t of Thomas Sain thill Gentleman, in his

Projection of a Mill for the grinding of Sugar-canes.

627. An Act for the further and better enabling the Committee appointed for Expired, settling the publick Accounts of this Island, to proceed to the ballanc-ing the Accounts of the Honourable Thomas Alaycock Esquire, late Treasurer of the said Island.

628. An Act to impovoer the Treasurer of this Ijla?id to defray the Expence of Expired. late Grand Sessions, held for the Body of this Island on the tenth,

eleventh, and twelfth Days of June, One thousand fevc?i hundred and eighteen.

629. An Act granting a free Liberty to the Inhabitants of this If and in general, to load and unload to and from any the Bays, Creehs, or Harbours in and about this If and.

TY'THERE AS several Persons in this Island, having Plantations at a great W Distance from the several Towns, and not only finding the Expence of Land-carriage of the Produce here to be very great, but in wet Weather impracticable, by reason of the great Mortality that has happened amongst

the

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

the Cattle and Horses, through a malignant Distemper which has raged amongst them for three Years past, whereby the poor and middling Inhabitants are greatly straitened, not only to carry their Goods to Market, but to get Provisions, and other Necessaries to their Houses, for the Support of their Families: And whereas it hath been a Practice Time out of Mind, for Sloops and Boats to go to and from several Out-bays and Creeks of this Island, for the Carriage of the dead Produce, and bringing Necessaries to the said Bays, to the great Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants who live the most remote from any Towns; which Bays have ever been free for any Persons to go to and from with their Carts and Waggons, and other Carriage, till of late some evil-disposed Persons, with Intent to make a private Advantage to themselves, and to the ;great Detriment of the Publick, have got into their Hands the Land adjoining to the said Bays, whereby they have hindered several People going to the said Bays, without paying them for the fame: For the Prevention whereof for the future, and for the better and more ealy Conveyance of Sugar, Rum, Molall'es, Cotton, Ginger, and other the dead Produce of this Island; and to the end that all His Majesty's Subjects may have free Access to go to and from the said Bays and Creeks, and to load and unload at any of the said Bays, Creeks, or Harbours; be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lvwther Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Guardeloup, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person whatsoever, being an Inhabitant in Inhabitants^ this Island, shall, from and after the Publication hereof, be any ways obstruct- berty tcTgo'tu ed, hindered, or molested, to drive either Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage and^'rom^the through any of the known Roads or Paths that of late have been, now are,

or hereafter shall be laid out, leading or going to any the said Bays or Creeks; but that he, she, or they shall have free Liberty to make ule thereof; andp£nally °n any Person whatsoever refusing to give such Liberty, or hinder such Carriage, °hem. ms shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money of this Island to- the Party grieved; to be recovered before anyone of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, as in case of Servants Wages.

II. And that all Ways and Passages leading to any the said Bays or Creeks in this Island may be made common and free to. any of the Inhabitants; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Disputes shall arise con- Disputes concerning the Path or Roads leading to any the laidi Bays or Creeks, or where no Paths are laid-out for lUch Conveniency, the Surveyors of that Parish, or determined ' any two of them, shall, upon the Complaint of any Person whatsoever, sum- by Jur^ mon, or causetobesummoned, a Jury of Freeholders, as usual, for laying out Highways, to view the said Paths or Roads already laid out, or have been used for the Passage to the said Bays or Creeks; and where any of the said Paths or Roads are any ways defective, the lame to be amended, or new ones laid out, at the Charge and Expence of that Parish where such Conveniency lies, within ten Days after such Complaint shall be made; and the Churchwarden of such Parish is hereby required and enjoined to pay the said Charge:

And if any Surveyor or Surveyors shall not,- within the Time before limited, perform his or their Duty, the said Surveyor or Surveyors so neglecting, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered upon Complaint before any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this liland, as in case of Servants Wages.

III. And if any Person shall be summoned as a Juryman to amend any penalty 6n old, or lay out any new Way, and shall either neglect or refuse to do his Duty therein, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be re- Dufy ° covered as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas some Owners and Possessbrs of Land adjoining to the said Bays, have been at great Trouble and Charges in erecting Cranes, and

U u building

3^4 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

"* building Wharfs for their own Conveniency, which would be a great Hardship I71^. £or others to make use of, without Leave of the said Owners; be it there-Provision for^ore ena<^e£i by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Crane or the Owner* of Wharf have been already erected or built, no Petlon whatsoever shall have Li-Wharfj°r berty of shipping off, or landing any Manner of Goods at the said Cranes or Wharfs, without Licence from the Owner or Possessors of Inch Cranes or Wharfs.

Penalties how- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and to be app ied-every Penalties and Forfeitures which shall accrue by virtue of this Act, .shall be, and enure to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to and for the Uses following; viz. To and for the Use of the Parish where such Offence is committed, and so applied as to the Vestry of the laid Parish final! seem meet.

m

m

*8

i&° 630. An Act to confirm an Assessment of Negroes Labour, and Carriage of Bxpirad, Carts, laid on the Owners of Land, Negroes, and Carts, within the

Par'tjh of Christ Church, by the Gentlemen of the Firflry of the said Parish.

An All appointing Agents to transaB and negotiate the Affairs of this Island in Great Britain.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

3aS

r

An Act to enlarge the "Time for Sale of EjfeBs attached for Parish Vues j|3° <53 a.

m arrear.

WHEREAS the Custom of this island hath been, that Negroes, Goods,

Chattels, or other Effects levied upon for the Satisfaction and Payment of Parish Dues in arrear, have been exposed to Sale between the first Day of January, and the last of September in every Year, and at no other Times, which is found to be very detrimental, inasmuch as the Supplies given for the Use of each Parish are daily wanted j be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Gaardeloup, See. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of the said Island, That from and after Publication of Good* seized this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Church-wardens, or their lawful Dues,tm*y be Deputies, being duly sworn before any one of His Majesty's Justices of the any Peace in this island for the Time being, and they are hereby impoweredYeTr.Wt c and authorized to levy upon, and expose to Sale in the usual Manner, at any Time in the Year (Sundays only excepted) any Lands, Houses, Negroes,

Goods, or Chattels, for Parochial Dues in arrear in their respective Parishes, during the Time of their acting as Church-wardens; any Law or Usage heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding.

A supplemental Act to an Act, intituled, An Act to enable and im- 312° tfjjv power the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being to pay unto Dr.Expir*4' Patrick Home the Arrears due to him on account of the French Prisoners during the late War.

An Act for abrogating the Oath appointed by an Act of this Island to be

taken by Attornies employed to draw up Special Verdicts, and appoint*®0 ^4* wag another Oath instead thereof

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, made the sixth Day £jf June,

One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, intituled, An Act for the Vidt N» f better ordering and regulating the Proceedings of His Majesty's Courts of domtnon-pleas within this Island, and now in full Force, Attornies employed to draw up Special Verdicts, are. obliged to take an Oath therein mentioned and prescribed

32.6 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

r—-A—-"-i be it enacted by his Excellency Robert Lcwtlrj- Esquire, His Majesrv’s Captain-1718-19. general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Lurribbcc lilands to Wind-L ward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of ILs Majesty's Coun-

cil, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same.

Oath pre- That the said Oath shall be, and is hereby repealed, utterly abrotraced, and made Icribed by the . , ’ J r J

former Act, VOid.

repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth, when any Special Verdict tlvall be directed to be brought in, in Manner in the said Act directed, the Attornies employed in such Catife, as well on the Part of the Plaintiff, as Defendant, before they proceed to draw up such Special Verdict, shall, instead of the said Oath lb abrogated, as aforesaid, take the following Oath j viz.

Oath to be taken mite ad thereof.

I A.B. do fiaear, That I will use my utmost Skill and Ability in preparing and drawing up the Special Verdict now directed; and that I will not, wittingly or willingly, omit, alter, add, or diminish any the Evidence, Matter, Thing, or Cir-cumjlance whatsoever, which hath been proved, delivered, or produced to the Court in this Cause j but will faithfully and truly, to the best of my Remembrance, recite and mention every individual Matter, Thing, and Cii-cumflance in this Cause, as well for the Advantage of the Plaintiff, as the Defendant, without Favour or Af-section. Hatred, Malice, or Ill-will to any Perjdn whatsoever.

Which Oath the said Court is hereby impowered, directed, and required to Penalty oo administer to the said Attornies respectively: And if any Attorney, that shall Refusal. be impowered to draw up such Special Verdict, shall refuse to take such Oath, when tendered by the Court; every such Person shall thenceforth be, and he and they are hereby rendered incapable of pradliling as an Attorney or Solicitor in any the Courts of Law or Equity in this Island,

3S* An Act to impower the Treasurer of this Island to defray the Expence of the late Grand Sessions, held for the Body of this Island on the ninth, tenth, eleventh, and twelfth Days of December, One thousand seven hundred and eighteen.

AnAB to impo'wer the Governor, or Commander in Chief and Council for the Time being, to commute the Value of Powder, Arms, and Ammunition, or other Stores that now are, or hereafter shall he found wanting in the Accounts of the Store-keepers of the Magazine in this Island$ and to reduce the fame into Money.

A#

The LAWS of BARBA DOES, 32,7

An Act for the Encouragement of William Maffett in his new Proje -(lion of making Worms 3 and altering S till-heads 3 for the better Improvement of Vifillation.

An Act for the Relief of William Harris, and others3 touching several Country Orders which have been accidentally destroyed at Sea.

An All appointing Agents to transdU and negotiate the Affairs of this M° 6zg.

If and in Great Britain. Expired’

An Act for docking the Entail of a certain Plantation, Jituated in the 64a. Parish of St. Lucy in this If and, and of certain Negro Slaves, and l>rivate* for settling the fame in Fee-simple on Elisha Goulding of the said Parisht Gentleman.

X 35

A sup-

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

32.8

1719.

512° 641.

Not m torce,

A supple)nental All to an Act, intituled, An Act to oblige the casual Receiver of His Majesty s Revenue of this Island, to pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money, towards defraying the Charges of the several Courts of Grand Sejjims held for the Body of this Island.

Stiy/jS&’SSSS

~<f.K r/v'.rrArsx

iSSxli&x

fu° 642- An Act to ascertain the Quantity of Uquors that shall be contained in

any Glass Bottles imported this Island for Sale.

w

qrors in ties ur.de Measure.

HERE AS many Abuses have been committed by Matters of Vessels, Supra-cargoes, and others, in bringing bottled Liquors to this Island, under the Estimation of full Quart and Pint Bottles, where they have not contained that Quantity, but considerably less: To the end therefore that such Irregularity for the future may be prevented, be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Esquire, Captain-general, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other the Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of Penalty on the fame. That from and after nine Months next ensuing the Publication imrcrting^i-kereo£ any Master of any Ship or Vessel, Supra-cargo, Mariner, or any other r Peiibii whatsoever, importing any kind or fort of Liquors in Glass Bottles, commonly called Quart Bottles (liable to pay the Duty settled by the Act of Excise in this Island) and shall not contain the Quantity of a Wine Quart; and Bottles, commonly called Pint Bottles, to hold the fame in proportion j such Master, Merchant, Supra-cargo, Mariner, or other Person whosoever, importing such Liquors in Bottles commonly called Quarts, not containing the Quantity of a Wine Quart, or Bottles commonly called Pints, in proportion, shall be fubiebt and liable to pay unto the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, over and above the Duty settled by the said Act of Excise, the Sum of Five Shillings current Money, for each Dozen of Bottles not containing the Quantity hereby assessed. officer of the

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and feae then£*y may be lawful for any Officer belonging to the Treasury Office of this Island, to view, search, and fee into any Calk or Hamper containing any bottled Liquors; and if upon such View there shall be found any Bottles not containing die Quantities beforementioned, that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to seize and take into their Possession and Custody such Bottles of Liquors, and the same to carry and convey unto the Treasurer’s Office of this Island, who is hereby impowered to receive the same; and that if the said Master or Owner of such bottled Liquors shall, within six Days after such Seizure, pay the additional Penalty hereby imposed unto the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, that the Owner of such bottled Liquors shall have and receive the said bottled IJquors returned to

himj

3a9

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

him; othervvite the said bottled Liquors to be forfeited, one Half to the Seizer, r~—*-----

the other Half to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to and for the Uses 1719-

hereafter mentioned; that is to say, To and for the Uses mentioned in the Act v ~J

of Excise; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the better regulating the Power of Vefiries in this Island, 1719-2C in the giving and granting away Parochial Money to Clergymen ofji- ^pea^f'

dating as Reffors or Curates.

An Act for depriving William Gordon Clerk, commonly called William 644I Gordon, Reffor of the Par ip of St. Michael, of his Benefice 5 and RePealed* for disabling him from exeroifing or enjoying any Ecclesiastical Living,

Dignity, Benefice, or Minifiry within this Island,.

An Act to impower the Treasurer of this Island to defray the Expence of $L° 645. the late Grand Sefitons, held for the Body of this Island on the eighth, Expircd" ninth, and tenth Days of December, One thousand seven hundred and nineteen : As also the Expences occasioned by the late Examination of Witnesses in this Island, touching the Char offer and Principles of William Gordon Clerk, pursuant to an Order of the Right Honourable the Lords of the Committee for hearing Appeals, Complaints, &c. from the Plantations.

Aw

p-° ^46.

Execution to be flayed ,upon an Appea’j unless the Appellee give Security to the Appcllant.

Bond, if for- cited, to be assigned to the Appellant,

The LAMrS of B ARBADOES.

sin appointing Security to be given by slppellees.

WHEREAS an Appeal lieth to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, from Judgements and Decrees in this Island, in Cal'es where the Matter in question is of the Value of Five hundred Pounds, or upwards: And whereas it hath been the Practice for the Parties recovering such Judgements or Decrees, to proceed to levy the lame, notwithstanding such Appeals have been brought, and pending the fame Appeals; and it has often happened that such Judgements and Decrees have been afterwards reverted, and Restitution hath been ordered to be made to the Appellants j but the Appellees pending such Appeals, have either proved insolvent, or withdrawn themselves, and and their Effects from this Island and thus the Appellants have had no Benefit by such Reversals, and have been left without Remedy : For preventing of which Mischief for the Time to come, be it enacted by His Excellency Robert Lcnather Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbce Islands to Windward of Guarde!oupt the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Appeal to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, from any Judgement or Decrees to be render-dered or obtained in this Island, shall hereafter be made. Execution of such Judgement or Decree shall be stayed till such Appeal be finally determined, unless the Party obtaining such Judgement or Decree do give Bond, with sufficient Securities, in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, in double the Value of the fame, for which such Judgement or Decree shall be had, to make Restitution to the Appellant of all Things that the Appellant shall have loft, by Occasion of such Judgement or Decree, in case upon the Determination of such Appeal, such Judgement or Decree shall be reversed, and Restitution be awarded to the Appellant j such Bond to be taken in the Name of the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, and his Successor, Governors or Commanders in Chief of this Island for the Time being; and the said Securities to be allowed and approved of by the Court from whose Judgement or Decree such Appeal shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Bond shall be forfeited, the same shall be assigned over by the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, to the Appellant} to be sued in the Name of the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and the Penalty thereof to be recovered j out of which Recovery Satisfaction shall be made to the find Appellant, for all Things that the said Appellant shall have loft by Occasion of such Judgement or Decree that shall be reversed, as aforesaid.

33*

'Ihe LAWS of BARBADOES.

1720,

An Act to oblige Church-wardens to account for Monies received by them and for the better regulating the Sale of hands and Houses, for the Payment of Parochial Duties in arrear.

An Act to repeal a Clause of an Act, intituled, An additional Act to 313° 648. an Act, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Free- Repealed' dom of Elections •, and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders, and capable of electing, or being elected Representatives, Pefrymen, or to serve as furors to try real Aftims within this Island.

An Act for discharging Joseph Pilgrim Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and <549* others, from certain Articles of Agreement, made and concluded upon the Marriage of the said Joseph and Mary y and also to enable the said Joseph, and Mary his Wife, to make Sale of certain Plantations, hands, Negroes, and Hereditaments in this Island, comprised in the said Articles of Agreement,

An Act for the better preferring the Peace and Tranquillity of this Island, 12° 6$o:

Repealed,

Y y

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

\17.<S.

•f3°<55l. An ATI appointing the Per fans executing the Office of Secretary of this Island for the Time being, to all as Notaries Publick in mercantile Cafes.

WHEREAS the Secretaries of this Island for the Time being, and their acting Deputies, have for many. Yea vs last part used to protest Bills of Exchange for Non-acceptance or Non-payment, and to receive and enter Protests in mercantile Matters, and to take Depositions in Writing relating thereto, and to atteil Procurations and Powers of Attorney, and to do all other Acts relating to Matters mercantile, as Notaries Publick do in England: And whereas of late some Doubt hath arisen, and question been made, touching the Validity of such Protests and Acts made and done by the Persons executing the Office of Secretary of this Island: And whereas it is absolutely necessary, for the carrying on of Trade and Commerce in this Island, that the Office and Power of a Notary Publick, so far as relates to such Matters mercantile, should be veiled in, and executed by some Person resident in this Island; be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Robert Lowther Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Car-ribbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloup, the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of Secretary of the fame, That the Person executing the Office of Secretary of this Island for eiecute^the0 the Time being, shall be authorized and impowered, and he is hereby autho-officB of No- rized and impowered to protest Bills of Exchange, for Non-acceptance or Non-ta.y Public*. pay,nentj and to receive and enter Protests in mercantile Matters, and to take Depositions in Writing relating thereto, and to attest Procurations and Powers of Attorney, and to do all other Acts relating to Matters mercantile, and no •others, ias Notaries Publick do in England; and to demand and receive there-• fore such Fees and Perquisites, as former Secretaries of this Island, and their De-. puties, fiave usually had and received in the like Cafes: Provided always nevertheless, That the Person so executing the Office of Secretary for the Time being, shall, before he take upon him to execute any of the Powers or Authorities to him hereby given, take the following Oath before the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being; viz.

His Oath. , TT A. B._ now executing the Office of Secretary of this Island, do swear, That I 1 will faithfully and honesty, to the befl of my Skill and Judgement, execute the J'everal Powers and Authorities to me given by an Act of this Island, intituled, An Act appointing the Persons,executing the Office of Secretary of this Island for ’Sib T-afte being," to a*£t as-No&tids Publick. in mercantile Cafes.

Not com- Provided also, That the Person so executing the Office of Secretary for the ^Aegiiter'o^i Time being, shall not be, nor be compellable to be Register of any Court of Court of Ad- Admiralty, to.be held in this Island for the Trial of Pirates, by virtue of any eairaltb Chhi'mission, issued or to he issued pursuant to a certain Act or Statute, made at Westminster in the eleventh Year of the Reign of our late Lord William the third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons executing the Office of Secretary of this Island for the Time being, shall do any Act as a Notary or Ta-

bellion-

333

LAWS of BARBADOES.

bellion-publick in this Island, by virtue or colour of any Power or Authority r-—'—-» from any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than, and except His Sacred *72°‘ Majesty, and His Successors; every such Person or Persons io acting, shall for every such Act by him to be done as a Notary or Tabellion-publick, forfeit any other Fertile Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money of this Island, to be recovered a0£jottrygPu-as in case of Servants Wages; one Half thereof to be to the Use of the In- blick. former, and the other Half thereof to the Use of the publick Treasury of this Island.

mm

mm

mm

mm mm mm

Hn Albl for confirming and malting more effectual a Decree or decreetal Pf* 652-Order, made in the High Court of Chancery in this Island on the eleventh Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and twenty, in a certain Cause then depending,wherein the Honourable]ohnFrere Esquire, and others, were Complainants? and John Price, an Infant, by his Guardian, Defendant.

ama, tfWW-Ck

way wEf vMw

Ain sl£l appointing how several Sums of Money, due a\ the Publick of this Island, shall be applied.

4

An Act to ascertain and fix the Bounds of the federal Parishes in this M0 654.’

Island.,

WHERE AS in and by a certain Act or Statute of this Island, dated the eighteenth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and four->.teen, intituled, An Act to ascertain and fix the Bounds of the federal Parishes in this Island, it was enacted, That the Honourable John Sandford, Colonel

Abel

334 The LAWS of BARBADOES

r~~—•*——* Abel Jllltync, Robert Lettice Hooper, Thomas Sommers, Thomas Affleck, William lyzo. Gordon, and Richard Clarke Esquires, or any three of them, should be, and they *" v' J were thereby appointed Commissioners to lay out, fix, and ascertain all the Bounds of every Parish in this Island, and several Powers and Authorities were by the fold Act vested in the said Commissioners: And whereas the Bounds of the several Parishes have not been hitherto ascertained, and the said Abel Alleyne, Robert Lettice Hooper, and William Gordon, are gone off this Island, and the said Thomas Sommers is dead, and the said "John SandJ'ord hath refused to ait as a Commissioner under the said Act, so that the Bounds of the several Parishes cannot now be fixt and ascertained, unless some new Commissioners be appointed; be it therefore enacted by His Excellency Robert Loicther Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloup, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by Au-the Council °* £-ie feme, That the Members of His Majesty's Council in such Pa-

and Ademblyrish where they severally reside, and the General Assembly of this Island, in Comm'iillon Parhh which they severally represent, or any two of them, shall be, and

ers to put tkrs they are hereby appointed Commissioners, to lay out, fix, and ascertain all the Aa m £xccu- Bounds of the respective Parishes where they reside, and which they represent, as aforesaid, with full Power and Authority to summon and call before them any Evidence or Evidences, that may be any ways useful for discovering the Bounds of each Parish, and them upon Oath to examine; with full Power also to meet from time to time, and at all Times and Places, and to view and pass through all Plantations and Lands that they shall find necessary, for the better ascertaining and fixing the said Lines.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any of the said Commissioners intending to lay out, fix, or ascertain any Part of the Bounds or Lines of their respective Parishes, are hereby required to give No-. tice in Writing at leaf! three Days, to the Commissioners of the Parish or Pa-Surveyor to : rishes adjacent to the "daid Bounds or Liries; and whensoever the major Part of lines thand tKe Commissioners at any ‘time present," shall, upon mature Examination, judge deliver a any Parish Line to be, the same shall be there laid out, fixt, and markt by Bound* into William Mayo Surveyor, whom the said Commissioners, or any two of them, thesecretary have hereby full Power and Authority to direct and command, who is hereby °®c!*1 . , required to pay due Obedience unto them, and to place or plant publick Marks of the said Lines, so that the fame may be publickly known; and also when the Bounds of all the several Parishes shall be ascertained, the said William Mayo is hereby required to make a Map, Plat, or Draft thereof, with necessary Descriptions and Explanations, and the fame under his Hand to deliver into the Secretary’s Office of this Island, there to remain upon Record.

Bound* so HI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounds, able. Un*ter; Limit^, and - Lines of all, dr any of the several Parishes so ascertained, shall be deemed,~construed, and taken for the true and real Bounds, and shall so remain unchangeably and unalterably, whether they be the fame with the former Bounds, or not; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Tjit fofmer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said A.S r«p«il«d. Act of the eighteenth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred aind fourteen, shall be, and is hereby repealed and annulled, to all Intents and Purposes.

• 'If; i-

• v . Ail

The LAWS of BARBADOES,

335

V.

—I

172 I.

AnAB to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and ap~ 313° ^55* pointing who pall he deemed Freeholders, and be capable of electing, or being eleBed Assemblytnen, or Feflrymen, or to serve as Jurors to try real ABions within this Island.

WHEREAS many undue and illegal Practices have been made use of, to awe and force Men to vote contrary to their Inclinations and Consciences on the Elections of AiTemblymen and Vestrymen for the several Parishes within this Island, to the manifest Violation of the Freedom of Elections, and of the Liberty of the Subject: And whereas several Persons have, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of former Laws, made sham Freeholders, by exchanging or parcelling out their Land or Estates, under a specious Pretence of felling the fame, when in reality such Sales were designed only to qualify the Persons, to whom the fame were made, to vote -, which Practice hath been of ill Consequence to this Island, and the increasing the Number of such pretended Voters hath been an Injury to those who are really and bona fide Freeholders, and have a legal Right of choosing their Representatives: And whereas too great a Latitude hath been given in former Laws, for Persons swearing to their Freeholds, by Means whereof the Name of Almighty God hath been greatly profaned : For the Prevention of such Mischiefs and Inconveniencies for the future, and that all Sheriffs at the Polls may hereafter know what Votes they ought to receive, and what to reject -, and that all Persons, on controverted Elections, may more certainly distinguish who ate really Freeholders, and who are not foj be it enacted by the Honourable Samuel Cox Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and other the Car-ribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, and it is hereby enacted accordingly. That who are to be every white Man professing the Christian Religion, and being a free and natural- hohteri. r6e born or naturalized Subject of the King of Great Britain, who has attained the full Age of tv/enty one Years, and who is actually and rightly seized and possessed of ten or more Acres of Land in Fee-simple or in Fee-tail, either general or special, in his own Right, or in Right of Marriage, of of a Tenure of ten or more Acres of Land in Right of Dower, although the said Dower may not be actually run out and divided, or of a Tenure of ten or more Acres of Land, by the Courtesy of England, or of a Tenure of ten or more Acres of Land, in Right of the Church, as he is Rector or Minister of fbme Earish within this Island, or of a Tenure of ten or more Acres of Land, by five Years quiet and lawftd Possession, according to an Act of this Island, bearing Hate the seventh Day of September, One thousand six hundred sixty and one, or of ten or more Acres in fbme or all of the said Tenures or Rights within any Parish of this Island, shall be deemed a Freeholder, and shall and may be capable of dedting, or being elected an Assemblyman, or aVeftryman in any Parish where! such Land lies, [or] to serve as a Jiiror to try any real Actions; provided the said Land, exclusive of any House upon it, be really of the Value of ten Pounds current Money per Annum, which shall be proved, if required, at the Poll, or upon the controverting of any Election, as by this Law is herein after directed and appointed, by the Oaths of two neighbouring Freeholders, no way related $0 the Owner of such Land: But it is hereby expressly declared to be the

Z a true

1721.

y— ..1

Cljufe for Perl'onj liav ing Ljrd in levenl l'a-fishes.

The I. A li'S of B A R B A D O E S.

true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That no Person who does not hold his Land, by which he claims the Privilege of being a Freeholder by Inheritance, by the la it Will and Tcfiament of any Person (which sho.ll at any time before the Day of Election, be proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Oilice of this Island) by lawful Marriage (provided the Wife holds under any of the Tides in this Clause already mentioned) in Right ot Dower, or in Right of the Church, us Rector or Minister of any Parish within thus Island, shall be deemed a Freeholder, capable of electing, or being elected an Afiemblyman, or a Vestryman, or to serve as a Juror, to try real Actions; unless liich Person hath actually kept in his own Possession, and hath himself, or lbme Part of his Family, c.un-llantly related on the said Land, or at lead live Acres thereof, for the Space of one Year next and immediately before the Flection of Afietnblymen or Vestrymen, or his being summoned as a Juror, and hath received the whole Profits of the said Lands, by managing and manuring the lit me, according to the Cultoin and Manner of this Island, with his own or hired Slaves, dining all the Time aforesaid; and in case he doth not live on the lame himself, or that the said Land doth not lie contiguous to lbme other Lands which he hath in his actual Polietiion, on which he doth live, or hath a dwelling House or Sugar-work thereon then, and in such Case, such Person Avail have a dwelling House on such Land, of the Value of fifty Pounds current Money, and not by leafing it out, except any Person who shall renter lease out, either by Deed . or Parol Agreement, ten or more Acres of his laid Land, with a House thereon, of the Value of fifty Pounds current Money, for the yearly Rent of twenty five Pounds per Annum; and who shall, if thereto required, make Oath at the Poll, or at the controverting of any Election, That such Deed or Agreement is no Sham, in order to qualify any Person to vote, but that the lame is on a real and bona fide Consideration; provided the Tenant or Tenants of such Land, with a House thereon, as aforesaid, do hold the lame immediately under the Owner of the said Land, and hath or have been in the actual' Poflcl-fion of such Land, with a House, as aforesaid; and that he or they, or some of his Family, hath or have rciided on the said Land for the Space of one Year at least, next and immediately before the Day of Election; provided also, the Value of such House be proved, as well in the former Cafe, as in this, if required, at the Poll, or on the controverting of any Election, by the Oaths of two credible Witness'es, no way related to the Owner of the said House.

II. And whereas several Persons are possessed of ten or more Acres of Land in this Island, which are so divided by the Parish Lines, that ten Acres of the lame do not fall within any one Parish, and yet the said Land is otherwise sufficient to qualify the Owners thereof, as. Freeholders, within the true Intent and Meaning of the Law; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who is possessed of ten or more Acres of Land, as aforesaid,

' provided the fame be contiguous, shall be deemed a good and sufficient Freeholder, qualified to elect, or be elected an Afiemblyman or Vestryman, or to serve as a Juror, to try real Actions for such Parish. in which the greater Part of the said Land lies; or in case the said Land should happen to be equally divided by the said Parish Lines, then for such Parish in which the dwelling House on the said Land is situate; any thing, in this Act seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas-many Inconveniencies have arisen by the conveying of Houses in the several Towns within this Island, with a Design only that the Persons pretending to purcha'fe the fame, may be qualified to vote, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of former Laws: And whereas it is but reasonable, that those who are real and born ^Freeholders in any of the Towns of this Island, should have the Privilege of electing, or being elected Assembly-men, or Vestrymen in any Parish where such House or Houses is or are, or to serve as Jurors, to try real Actions; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

That every white Man professing the Christian Religion, being a free or natu- r~—A— ral-born or naturalized Subject of the King of Great Britain, who has attain- 1721. ed the full Age of twenty one Years, and who is actually and rightfully seized own

and possessed of any House or Houses in any Town within this Island, in Fee- Rg iiouie? or ftmple. Fee-tail, general or special, in his own Right, or in Right of his 10 Per in' Wife, or of any such House or Houses, or of the third Part of any such 7ualiHcd"'o House or Houses, in Right of Dower, although the fame should not be adtu- eiea> <£r-f ally laid off or divided, or of any such House or Houses, by the Courtesy of England, or in Right of the Church, as he is Rector or Minister of any Parish within this Island, or by five Years quiet and peaceable Possession, according to the aforesaid Law of this Island, bearing Date the seventh Day of September, One thousand six hundred sixty one, shall be deemed a Freeholder, capable of electing, or being elected an Assemblyman, or aVeftryman for the Parish in which such House or Houses, or such third Part, as aforesaid, is or are, or to serve as a Juror, to try real Actions; provided, that such House or Houses, or such third Part of such House or Houses, as aforesaid, be really of the Value of ten Pounds current Money per Annum-, and that such Value be proved, if required, at the Poll, or at the controverting of any Election, by the Oaths of two neighbouring Freeholders, no way related to the Owner of such House or Houses, or of such third Part thereof, as aforesaid : But it is hereby expressly declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That no Person whatsoever, who does not hold such House or Houses, or such third Part of such House or Houses, as aforesaid, in any one of the Towns of this Island, by Inheritance, by the last Will and Testament of any Person (which shall at any Time before the Day of Election, be proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island) by lawful Marriage (provided the Wife holds under any the Titles in this Clause already mentioned) in Right of Dower, or in Right of the Church, as Rector or Minister of any Parish within this Island, shall be deemed a Freeholder, capable of electing, or being elected an, Aflem-blyman or a Vestryman, or to serve as a Juror, to try real Actions; unless such Person hath himself, or Part of his white Family, constantly relided in the said House for the Space of one Year, next and immediately before the Day of Election of Assemblymen or Vestrymen, or his being summoned as a Juror; or hath kept in his own actual Possession, and constantly made use of the lame, for the keeping of his own proper Stores, or the Produce of his Plantation therein; provided the Town in which such House or Houses is or are, shall be situate most commodiously, and hath been generally made use of for the carrying to Market, or shipping the Produce of the said Plantation; the same to be proved, if required, by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses, in manner aforesaid; except any Person who has a House of the Value of thirty Pounds current Money per Annum, in any of the Towns in this Island, under any of the Tenures and Titles aforesaid, and shall rent or lease out the fame by Deed or Parol Agreement, for the full Value thereof j and who shall, if thereto required, make Oath at the Poll, or at the controverting any Election, that such Deed or Agreement is no Sham, in order to qualify any Person to •‘vote, but that the fame is on a real and bona fide Consideration; provided also, that the Tenant or Tenants of such House hath or have been in the actual Possession thereof, and that he or they, or feme of his or their Family, hath or have re-sided in the fame, or made use thereof, for his or their own proper Stores, for the Space of one Year at least, next and immediately before the Day of E-ledtion; and also, that the Value of such House, together with such Possession and Residence, be proved, if required, at the Poll, or on the controverting any Election, by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses, no way related to the Owner of such House.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Joint-tenants, or Tenants in common, who shall be seized of any Lands in any

Parish,

338 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

r-—*--- Parish, or any House or Houses in any Town within this Island, in Fee-fim-

1721- t pie or in Fee-tail, general or special, by Inheritance, by Marriage, or by De-'he any la ft Will and Testament in Writing, duly proved and recorded in P°aeffed or the Secretary’s Office of this Island, at any Time before the Day of Election, byMarra»c be deemed and allowed as good and sufficient Freeholders, capable of

or Wili, &=c. electing, or being elected Afiemblymen or Vestrynaen, or of serving as Jurors holders Frse on Trial of real Actions, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act;

provided the said Lands do contain at least as many times ten Acres, as there are Joint-tenants, or Tenants in common of the lame, and that each of the said ten Acres shall be of the Value of ten Pounds current Money per Anmim^ or that the said House or Ploules shall be worth at least lb many times ten Pounds per Annum, as there are Joint-tenants, or Tenants in common, of the feme such Value of the said Land, or of the said House or Houses, to be proved, if required, at the Poll, or at the controverting any Election, by the Oath of two neighbouring Freeholders, as aforesaid, and no Joint-tenants, or Tenants in common, shall be deemed or allowed to be Freeliolders within the Intent or Meaning of this Act, or for any the Purposes therein mentioned, in any other Cafe whatsoever; any other Law, Custora, or Ufege, or any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. provided the V. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That noPer-ccfrdcdThe f°n whatsoever, who holds or claims a Right to any Lands, House or Houses, Secretary's or any Part thereof within this Island, under any the Titles or Tenures be-Yea^before forementioned and expressed, by virtue of any Deed or Deeds which shall be the Day of executed after the Publication of this Act, shall be deemed or allowed to be Electio'i. a gQoci Freeholder, capable of electing, or being elected an Assemblyman, or Vestryman for any Parish in this Island, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, unless such Deed or Deeds, and every of them, shall be duly proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, at least one Year next and immediately before the Day of Election, the feme to be proved, if required, at the Poll, or on the controverting of any Election, by producing the said Deed or Deeds, or an attested Copy thereof, or by a Certificate under the Hand of the acting Secretary of this Island for the Time being; excepting only such Person or Persons who have a Right to any Lands, House or Houses, or any Part thereof within this Island, under any the Titles or Tenures before-mentioned and expressed, by virtue of any Deed or Deeds, as is, are, or shall be executed in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland; provided the feme be allowed of, and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, at any Time before the Day of such Election.

VI. And for the further and more effectual preventing of any Frauds or Abuses that may be committed by making of lham Freeholders, or executing any pretended Conveyances of Land or Houses, with a Design only to qualify and enable Persons to vote at the electing of Afiemblymen, or Vestrymen' for any of the Parishes in this Island, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning vim Frauds* t^us > tie it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person committed by whatsoever shall be deemed or allowed a Freeholder; capable of electing; or F,Aeh'1dM$am et®<^ed as an Assemblyman, or Vestryman for any Parish within this Island; ree o aers. of tQ serve a juror on real Actions, who shall, directly or indirectly, rent or lease out any Land, House; or Houses, or any Part thereof, by his Title to-•which he pretends or claims a Right or Privilege of a Freeholder, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, from whom, either mediately or immediately, he purchased the feme, or derives Iris Right or Title1 thereto; or to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for the Use, or in the Behalf of any litch Person< or Persons, from whom, either mediately or immediately, he purchased such‘ pretended Freehold, or derives such his Right or Title thereto, as aforesaid; or whip dhall in any Manner whatsoever consent or suffer any such Person or Persons, under whose Title or CoHveyatice he claims; as aforesaid, to haV©!

any

'The LAWS o/BARBADOES.

339

un* enanrs

any Use, Management, Benefit, Possession, or Dispofol of such Lands or Houses, or any Part thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, N°!t° debai' or any thing herein contained, shall not be construed or extend to debar any claiming Persons from the Privileges of Freeholders, who claim a Right to Lands or |^lTf CJ' Houses under a Tenant or Tenants in Tail, provided the fame be agreeable to the several Restrictions and Limitations before expressed and directed by this Act; nor shall the fame be construed or extend to debar Parents from making ,or Pjrenw their Children Freeholders, so as to be capable to elect, or be elected Affem- tneirchudren blymen or Vestrymen, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, pro- freeholders, vided such Parents do execute good and sufficient Conveyances to Inch their c‘ Children, of ten or more Acres of Land in such Parish in this Island, or of a House or Houses in such Town of this Island where they claim a Right of voting, of the Value of ten Pounds current Money per Alnnum, and the fame be duly proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, for the Space of one Month at least before the Day of Election, in such Manner as by this Act is before appointed; the Value of such Land, or House or Houses, to be proved, if required, at the Poll, or on the controverting of any Election, by the Oaths of two neighbouring Freeholders, in Manner before directed by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Per- ^c^,conf's don whatsoever shall be admitted as a Freeholder, or an Evidence in any Case not adapted whatsoever, whose original Extraction shall be proved to have been from a asFrceholders. Negro, excepting only on the Trial of Negroes, and other Slaves; nor shall any other Person or Persons whatsoever, who are not duly qualified, according to the Limitations and Directions herein expressly mentioned and appointed, be deemed or allowed a Freeholder or Freeholders, to choose or be chosen Assemblymen, or Vestrymen for any Parish in this Island* or to serve as Jurors on the Trial of any real Actions.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs w™* by for the Election of Assemblymen, shall be issued by the Governor, or Com- 'Hue™, and to mander in Chief, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council for the ^hom direa" Time being, in the usual Form, and directed to the several Members of His Majesty's Council in this Island; and if there shall be more than one Counsellor

residing in any Parish, the Writ for that Parish shall be directed to the eldest Counsellor, who :is hereby impowered and required to execute the fame: Provided nevertheless, if the Members of His Majesty's Council, or any of them, at the Time of issuing such Writ or Writs, shall decline to execute the feme, that then, and in such Case, the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, by and with the Consent of the Council, may at the same Time direct such Writ or Writs to some substantial Freeholder or Freeholders in the said Parish or Parishes where such Counsellor or Counsellors shall so decline, who are hereby impowered and required to execute the fame; provided such Person do not stand as a Candidate to serve in the General Assembly.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Counsellor Writ* to be shall have any Writ directed to him, to go out of the Parish where he lives or re- "o*younger fides,unless there are more Counsellors than one in the said Parish; andinfuchCafe Counsellor*, the said Writ or Writs shall be directed to the younger Counsellor or Counsellors, Occasion'"

1 to

to execute the feme in some other Parish or Parishes, as near as may be to their go out of the

Place of dwelling or abode; but in case there shall not be Counsellors enough Uve m.they

within this Island to execute the several Writs for Election of Assemblymen,

or any of them shall be difebled by Sickness from performing such Duty, it

shall and may be lawful for the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the

Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, to direct

such Writ or Writs to some substantial Freeholders of the same Parish,- such

A a a as

34°

The LAWS-of BARBADOES.

Writs to be published 5 times in the Churches.

as they shall think fit, who are hereby impowered and required to execute the fame; provided inch Person do not stand himself a Candidate in feme Parish, to serve in the General Assembly.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Writs for the Election of Assemblymen for the several Parishes within this Island, shall'issue in one Day, and shall be returnable in one Day; and they shall all, by tire Secretary of this Island for the Time being, be delivered together to the Provost-marshal of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, four Days at least before the first Day of Publication, and by him, or some white Man by his Order, shall be safely conveyed to the respective Sheriffs, to whom the same are directed, two Days at lealt before liich Day of Publication; and every Sheriff, or feme white Man by his Order, shall, before the said Dav of Publication, deliver the Writ, to him directed, to the Miniffer of the Parish, in which the Election is to be made by virtue of the said Writ, with his Precept en-dorfed thereon to the said Miniffer, for publishing the fame; and the said Mi-niffer flrn.ll publish the said Writ, or cause the same to be published, as in the like Cafes hath been usual, in the Church or Chapel of the said Parish, the three next succeeding Sundays after tire Date thereof; and if by the wilful Neglect or Default of the Secretary, Provost-marshal, Sheriff", or Miniffer, any of the said Writs shall not be published accordingly, each and every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay toHis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money of this Island, fortheUfeof the Fortifications j to be recovered by the Treasurer for the Time being, by Action or Actions in His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in this Island, under the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds to prosecute tire lame with Eft'edl, and recover the fame within one Year after such Offence committed; to be recovered of the said Treasurer by any Informer, as in the Cafe of Servants Wages; one Half to the Informer, the other to be paid to' the Church-warden, for the Use of tire Poor of that Parish wherein such Offence was committed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon call-^fn^°l'Voi-e "in§ an Assembly, all Elections throughout this Island shall begin on the Monday lowing the next and immediately following the Day of the third Publication of the Writs lion1 a«'d to" t^e Churches or Chapels of the several Parishes, between tire Hours of continue 1’reni Eight and Nine in the Morning; and shall continue without Interruption till infu'e Niorn'*" t^le shall be finished and shut up, which shall not be before the Hour of ing, till tour Four in the Afternoon, unless by the Consent of all the Persons who stand noon? After' as Candidates in each respective Parish; and if any Person shall vote before it

is Eight of the Clock in the Morning, or after p'our of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Election of Assemblymen, or Vestrymen, such Vote shall be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and if it shall be made appear by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, before the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council for the Time being. That the Person or Persons appointed by virtue of this Law to receive the Votes for Assemblymen, or Vestrymen, did take any Vote before Eight of the Clock in the Morning, or after Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, he or they shall forfeit and pay to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money of this Island; the one Half to the Informer, and the other for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island; and Execution shall issue for the fame, under the Hands and Seals of the said Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council, and levied as in Case of Servants Wages; and if any Person, who shall be appointed to act as Sheriff at the Election of Assemblymen for any Parish, shall not attend at the Church or Chapel of such Parish between Eight and Nine of the Clock in the Morning, and there continue until Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, unless it shall be otherwise agreed by all the Candidates standing for that Parish, such Sheriff shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to the fame

Elections to

The LAWS of B AR BA D O E S.

341

__Km

fame Uses, and to be recovered in the same Manner as before in this Clause is r~ expressed. 1721.

XIII. And for preventing unnecessary Disputes or Mistakes in voting, be J

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Elections of Re- Method of presentatives, the Sheriff, or Person appointed by this Law to take the Poll, pj]1"8 1 ie shall prepare a Paper with as many Columns as there are Candidates, and shall set down the Name of each one of the said Candidates at the Top of the said Columns, and shall cause each Voter to subscribe his Name, or set his Mark under each of the Persons Names for whom he votes; and every such Person acting as Sheriff, is hereby impowered to administer all and every such Oath and Oaths, as by this Act are appointed to be taken at the Poll on any Election.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every PrccimMer to Person tendering his Vote at the Poil, for electing Assemblymen or Veibynien

for any Parish in this Island (except the Rector or Minister of any Parish in lie d iimsthe this Island, who is a Freeholder, according to this Law, in Right of the Church) shall, before his Vote be taken on the Poll, declare, if thereto required, whether he claims the Privilege of voting by a Tenure of Land in such Parish, or of a House or Houses in any Town in such Parish, and whether he claims his Title to such Land, or House or Houses, under any Deed or Deeds for conveying the fame, executed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, to himself immediately, or not; and if such Person shall declare, that he claims such Privilege by a Tenure of Lands in such Parish, but not by virtue of any Deed or Deeds, executed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, to himself immediately; then, and in such Case, he shall (if thereto required) before his Vote be received upon the Poll, take the following Oath, to be administred to him by the Person adding as Sheriff 5 viz.

I A.B. do truly and jincerely swear, profej's, testify, and declare, in my Confci- Oath where ence, before God and the World, That I am now aSiually possessed of ten or more byCaCTe™ure Acres of Land, either in Feeftnple or in Fee-tail, general or Jbecial, in my own Lands; Fight, or by Marriage, or by fve Years quiet and peaceable Possesson, according to an Act of this Island, bearing Date the seventh Day of September, One thousand six hundred fxty one; or of ten or more Acres of Land, by the Courtesy of England j or of ten or more Acres of Land, under some one or more, or all of the said Tenures; or that I have a Right to ten or more Acres of Latid, in Dimer; and that ten Acres of the said Land, or so much thereof as is required by this Law, is in this Parish; but that I do not claim any Right or Title to the fame,- or any Part thereof, by virtue of any Deed or Deeds, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for conveying to me immediately the said Land, or any Part thereof, in any wise whatsoever.

So.help me God1

And if any Person offering his Vote, as aforesaid, shall declare, that he claims such Privilege by a Tenure of some House or Houses, or of a third Part of some House or Houses, in Right of Dower, lying-in a Town-within such Parish, - but not by virtue of any Deed or Deeds, executed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, to himself immediately, of such House or Houses, or any Part thereof, in any Manner whatsoever} then, and in such Case, he flhall (if thereto required) before his Vote be received upon the Poll, take the following Oath, to be administred to him by the Person acting as Sheriff, viz.

i a. a

34a

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

by a Tenure or Houses;

I A.B. do truly and sincerely /wear, profess, tejiify, and declare, in my Confci-ence, before God and the World, That I am no-iv aSlually possessed of Jbme Hotiji or Houses, either in Fee-simple or in Fee-tail, general or special, in my own Right, or by Marriage, or by Jive Years quiet and peaceable PoJJession, according to an AST of this Island, bearing Date the J’eventh Day of September, One thou/dnd Jix hundred sixty one \ or of a House or Houses, by the Courtejy of England; or of a House or Houses, under some one or more, or all of the fetid ‘Tenures or that I have a Right to a HouJ'e or Houses, or one third Part thereof’, in Dower; and that the said HouJ’e or Houses, or a third Part thereof, is or are m a Town within this Par 'tjh; but that I do not claim any Right or Title to the fame, or any Part thereof by virtue oj’ any Deed or Deeds, executed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, J’or conveying to me immediately the said HouJ’e or Houses, or the said third Part thereof, in any wise whatsoever.

So help me God.

And if any Person offering his Vote aforesaid, shall declare, that he claims such Privilege by a Tenure of Lands in such Parish, and that he holds the said Land, or some Part thereof, by virtue of some Deed or Deeds, executed by some Person or Persons, for conveying the lame to him immediately; then, and in such Case, such Person offering his Vote, as aforesaid, shall (if thereto required) before his Vote shall be received upon the Poll, take the following Gath, to be administred to him by the Person acting as Sheriff, viz.

of Lands conveyed by Deed;

TT A.B. do truly mid sincerely swear, profess, tefiify, and declare, in my Confci- fclence, before God and the World, That I am now aSlually poje/fed oj’ ten or more Acres oj’ Land, either in Fee-fmple or in Fee-tail, general or special, either in my own Right, or by Marriage, or by Jbme one or more, or all oj’ the said Tenures; and that ten Acres of the said Land, or so much thereof’ as is required by this Act, is hi this Parish; and that for so much of the said Land as I claim a Right to by any Deed or Deeds, executed by-any Person or Persons whatsoever, for conveying the-Jame to me, eitherdireSlly or indirectly, I was either actually possessed of the said Land before the Publication. of this Law, or have face been in the aSlual Possession thereof for the Space of one Year next. and immediately before this Lie St ion-, and that during the whole Time, of Jiich my Possession, I have really, and bona fide, received and converted to .my own Use _ all. the Profits of the said ten or more Acres of Land, or at leafi five Acres thereof\ raif’ed and produced by my own planting or manuring the fame, at ny own proper Expence, and with my own or hired Negroes, or by leafing out the fame under the Limitations, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Law, and not otherwise howj’oever -, and that I purchased, and do hold the said Land for my own proper Use, and chiefly for the Improvement of my Estate; and that I have not, nor will, direSily or indirectly, rent or lease out the said Land which I hold >by Deed or Deeds, as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons, under whpin IJb: hold the fame, or to any other Per-Jbn or Persons.whatsoever,- to his or their [Use, or to the end that be or they may have ary of the Benefit,..Management, Profit,: or Disposal. of’ the fame, or ary Part thereof. ' f ' .-A.:\ .jh:

1

a\: t "..vi. a I • So help me God.

And if any Person, tendering his Vote at the Poll, as aforesaid, shall declare he claims the Privilege of voting by a Tenure of an House or Houses in a Town within such Parish, and that he claims the fame by virtue of some Deed or Deeds, executed by some Person or Persons to him immediately, of such House or Houses j such Person shall (if thereto required) before his Vote shall be

3+3

The LAirSof BARBADOES.

be received upon the Poll, take the following Oath, to be administred to him by the Person abling as Sheriff; viz. 1721.

*— —V— —J

I A.B. do jincerely and truly swear, profess, tefiify, and declare, in my Gonfci- of Housescon-Jcience, before God and the World, That I am now actually possessed of some vied. by Hoise or Houses in a Town within this PariJJo, either in Feefmiple or in Fee-tail,

•general or special, either in my own Fight, or by Marriage, or by some one or more, or all of the said Tenures > and that Jor Jiich Hoise, or Jitch of the said Houses,

I hold by virtue of any Heed or Heeds, executed, for conveying the same to me, directly or indirectly, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, I was either possessed of the fame before the Publication of this Law, or have been fnce in the actual Possession thereof for the Space of one Year next and immediately before the Day of this Plection j and that I have not rented or leased out the said House or Houses, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, but under the Limitations, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act-, and that I purchased, and do hold the said House or Houses for my proper ITJe, and chiefly for the Improvement of my Estate 5 and that I have not, nor will, directly or indirectly, rent or lease out the said House or Houses, which I hold by Heed or Deeds, as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons under whom I do hold the Jame, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to his or their TJJ'e, or to the end that he or they may have the Benefit or Dispojhl of the Jame, or of the Profits of any Part thereof

So help me God.

Provided, that if any Person, offering to vote at the Election of Representatives, Pmvision shall be cautious of swearing to his Freehold, so that his Vote cannot be re- c'^t.ou*2f ceived on the Poll, such Vote shall be put on the Back thereof j and if such (wearing. Election shall happen to be controverted, and such Person on such Controver-fy appear before the Assembly, and set forth on Oath the Reasons of his being so cautious, and shall answer on Oath to such Questions as shall be then put to him, relating to his Qualifications to vote by this Act, and his Freehold then appear to have been good at the Time of the Election $ such Vote shall be allowed of upon such Controversy, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been taken on the Poll at the Election.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Punishment of Person or Persons shall wilfully forswear him, her, or themselves, or suborn or £tormng°r attempt to suborn any Witness or Witnesses, in Matters any way relating to witheflet. the Election of Assemblymen, or Vestrymen j he, she, or they, fb forswear-ing themselves, suborning, or attempting to suborn others, as aforesaid, shall be proceeded against, as in case of wilful Perjury.

XVI. And forasmuch as some People, called Quakers, do refuse to take an Oath, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such People may, and they are hereby permitted, instead of taking any Oath or Oaths required by this Act, to make their Affirmation in the Words of such of the said Oaths, as is suitable to the Nature of their Freeholds, only using these Words i viz.

I A.B. do affirm and declare, in the Presence of Jllmishty God, the Witness of Q»aknt Af-the Truth of what I say, y ^nation.

instead of these Words in the said Oaths j viz.

I A.B. do truly and sincerely swear, profess, testify, and declare, in my Cord'd-erne, before God and the World j

and also omitting these Words in the End of the said Oath j viz.

So help, me pod.

344

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

T72T. W-’V—'~l

Persons refuting to take the Oaths, Qr-c- not per mitted tovote.

And such Persons, after having made such Affirmation, and thereby made good their Freeholds, shall be as capable of giving their Votes, as if they had taken any Oath or Oaths required by this Act j any thing herein contained seeming to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And if it shall be proved at any time, before any one Justice of the Peace in this Island, that any Person hath affirmed in Manner aforesaid, at such Election, an Untruth, or falle thing, concerning such his Freehold, or Qualification of electing Assemblymen, or Vestryriferi; such Justice is hereby impowered and required to bind such Persons over to the Grand’Sbffions, there to [be] proceeded against, and punished, as in case of wilful Perjury.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be chosen, or serve as a Vestryman, or vote for Assemblymen, or Ve-ftrymefi at any Election, who shall refuse to take the Oaths appointed to be taken instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, if thereto required, before the Person adtingas Sheriff, or Uridet-sheriff, or any Justice of the Peace present at the said Election, except fakers, whose Affirmation shall be as good and valid as an Oath, to qualify them to elect Assemblymen, or Vestrymen, but not to be elected.

XVIII. And fbrasmuch as the Sheriffs and Under-sheriffs, to whom the Write for electing of Assemblymen are directed, are obliged by this Law to attend on such Elections in their respective Parishes, by Means whereof they are prevented from giving their Suffrage in any other Parish, where they may

Sheriffs at- have a Freehold; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if ftlonTfn :hllr any Sheriff or Under-sheriff, to whom any such Writ or Writs shall be di-cwn Parishes, redled, shall fend his or their Letter or Letters to the acting Sheriff of any other Parish, within the Hours appointed for such Elections by this Law, fig-hifylhg his or their Inclinations to Vote for any Persons Handing Candidates in such Parish •, such Letter or Letters shall be deemed as a good and legal Vote or Votes, and received as such on the Poll, by the Sheriff, as if such Person or Persons had been personally present, and voted: And if upon such Letter or Letters font, there shall happen to be a - controverted Election before the General 1Affernbly, the fable appearing! Upon Oath to be good, shall be allowed to be valid, to all Intents, ConstrudliSris, and Purposds whatsoever; provided such Person or Persons fofondirig his or their Letter or Letters, as aforesaid, and ‘each of them, be fwrirri before any one Justice of the Peace, at any time NSvithih forty eight Hours before the Day of Elediioti, that he is a real and ibona Jide Freeholder, qualified to vote in the Parish to which he or they shall so fend his or their Letter or Letters, as aforesaid, and that the fame be certified under the Hand of the said JustieU, at the Bottom of the said Letter Or Letters;.

XIX. And whereas ;it is but reaforiable, that those Persons who stand as Candidates for the General Assembly in any Parish within this Island, and have Freehc/lds'in other Pkfifhes, should have the fame Advantage of voting by Let-

dates^ma'" ^ers > be it ffiereforeSriadled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person vot^byTet- whatsoever, Handing as a Candidate for the General Assembly- in-any Parish p",rS«her within this Island, shall fend his Letter to the acting Sheriff of any other Pa-'whiiy they rish, wrffiin-the Houfs appoiritfedhy this Law for Eledfcibns, fitch- Letter shall ;be Wds. " deemed as a good and legal Vote, and received; as 'such on the Poll by die Sheriff, as if the said Person had been personally present, and voted: And if upon such Letter sent, there happen to'be controverted Eledhon before the General Assembly, the feme appearing upon Oath to be good, shall be allowed to be valid, to all Tritents, Conftnidlions, and Purposes whatsoever} provided such Persons, Handing Candidates, as aforesaid, shall be-fwotn before nny one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within forty eight Hours before the Day . of Election, orbeforeQfe Sheviffwho took 'the 'PolV, where 'he standfi Gandi-‘date, iipori the Day of Election, that he is a real and bona Jide Freeholder,

qualified

tte LAW'S of BARBA DOES

345

qualified to vote in the Parish to which he shall so fend his Letter, as aforesaid, -

and that he sincerely stands to be elected for the Parish, where he intends to 1721.

have, or has caused his Name to be put on the Poll, without any other De- v

lign or Intention whatsoever j and that the fame be,certified under the Hand of the said Justice or Sheriff at the Bottom of the said Letter: And every Sheriff, or Justice of the Peace respectively, who shall refuse to administer immediately, on Demand, the Oath by this Law required to be taken by any Person impowered to vote by Letter, and at the same Time to subscribe such Letter, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money, to the Person aggrieved; to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Penalty on Person acting as Sheriff at any Election of Assemblymen, or Vestrymen, shall fng receive upon the Poll the Vote or Votes of any Person or Persons tendering ion offering the fame j who if required, shall take such Oaths, or Affirmation, and shalllus Vote' make such Proofs, in relation to his or their Freehold, or who shall fend such

Letter or Letters, as. by this Act is particularly directed and appointed, according to the Nature of his or their Cafe: And every Sheriff who shall refuse any Person so offering his Vote, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money, to each Person so refused; by him to be recovered before the next Justice of the Peace, as in case of Servants Wages.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Penalty Person shall presume to violate the Freedom of Elections for Assemblymen, or Freedom of* Vestrymen, by Menaces or Threats; or shall endeavour to force any Free- Eicftiont. holder to vote for any Person or Persons against his Will, Inclination, Intention, or Conscience; or shall, by virtue of any Office, call the Inhabitants into Arms; or them, being under Arms, shall detain or hinder from voting,

with Intent only to make them vote contrary to their Inclinations, Intention, or Conscience j or shall make any sham Freeholders, by Exchange, or otherwise; or hire, or otherwise procure any Vote; or who shall, after the Election is over, menace, despitefully use, or abuse any Freeholder, because he did not vote as he would have had him; such Person so offending, if he be chosen an Alfemblyman, shall, upon due Proof thereof before the General Assembly, be by them, or the major Part of them, expelled the Hause during that Assembly; Mid every other Person who shall be guilty of any the aforesaid Practices, shall, upon due Proof thereof, by two credible Witnesses, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money for each Offence, to the Informer; to be by him recovered before any Justice of the Peace, as in case of Servants Wages.

XXII. And whereas Elections have frequently been carried on with much Disorder and Confusion, and many indecent, violent, and sometimes profane Words and Behaviours have been made use of on those Occasions, to the great Scandal of such Elections, on which the Welfare and Prosperity of this Island do so much depend, to the Contempt of His Majesty's Authority, by virtue of which the Writs are issued and executed, and to the Profanation of the House of God, in which the said Elections, for the greater Solemnity thereof, are appointed to be made; for the correcting and removing of fuqh Disorders and Enormities, and 40 the end that Elections may be managed more.regularly, and with a better Decorum for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid and iti6 hereby enacted accordingly, That after the Publication of Clause topi-*-this Act, the Church-warden rof .every Parish in this Island shall provide and *te EUft?on* constandy keepj(to be made use of at .Elections) a (Convenient Table, with

Seats suitable thereto, for the Sheriff and Under-sheriff, and Minister of the Parish, ;if he .thinks fit, and for the several Candidates, at the Election of Assemblymen, no fit on; and no other Person whatsoever shall .presume to estand nigh or round the.Poll, but all others shall ksepata convenient Distance of ten Ecet, leaving .a sufficientPassage for any Person to aome up to the lower .End.

of

346

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

r ».—, of the said Table, and vote; which shall be done but by one Person at a time, 1721. who having voted, shall forthwith withdraw; neither shall any Person what-'•-"'y-—' soever at any Election, presume to object against any Person, or ask any Que-ftion of Persons offering to vote, except the Person acting as Sheriff only, either of his own Motion, or at the Desire of any of the Candidates, which he is hereby strictly required and commanded to do, under the fame Penalty as in Cafe he did not give his Attendance at the Poll, in the Manner it is hefein provided by this Act; and he shall make no other Objections-, or ask. any1 other Questions, but such as are allowed of by this Act: Provided nevertheless,5 That every Candidate may appoint one other Freeholder of the said-Parish, to assist at the Poll on his Behalf, and to act with the fame Privilege with himself, during the Time of the whole Election, or any Part thereof: And if any- Person whatsoever shall wilfully act contrary hereto, or shall at any time during such Election, bring, or cause to be brought into the Church any Strong Drink, or shall, either in the Church or Church-yard, in Presence of the Sheriff, or otherwise (provided the fame be proved by the Oaths of two Witnesses before the Sheriff) and shall make any unseemly Noise, or make use of any Taunt, Reproach, or Reflection against any Person or Persons; or shall irt any wife whatsoever be guilty of any profane, violent, or indecent Language or Behaviour, to the Disturbance or Interruption of the Election, or the ill Treatment of any Person present; the Person acting as Sheriff at such Election is hereby fully authorized and required in any such Case, forthwith to commit all and every such Person or Persons so offending, who shall stand so committed, until every such Person shall enter into a Recognizance, before any one Justice of the Peace, himself in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, with two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money, each, for his Appearance at the next Court of Grand Sessions, to be held for the Body of this Island, to answer for such his Misdemeanor, and to be of the Peace and good Behaviour in the mean Time: And all and every Person and Persons, who at such Grand Sessions shall be found guilty of any such Misdemeanor, as aforesaid, shall be fined by the said Court in the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money, to be paid to the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, towards defraying the Expence of the said Grand Sessions : And if the Person acting as Sheriff, upon the Complaint or Information of any Freeholder present, shall refuse or neglect to make use of the Power and Authority hereby granted him in this Clause, such Sheriff shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money, to the Person aggrieved; to be recovered as in case of ServantsWa-ges: And for the better enabling the Sheriff to act herein, he is hereby impowered and required to order or give Notice to any two Constables of the Parish in which he acts as Sheriff (provided such Constables are not Freeholders in any other Parish) to appear at, and attend the Poll, during the whole Time of such Election; and each and every Constable wilfully refuting or neglecting to appear and attend accordingly, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds current Money; to be recovered as in case of Servants Wages, by the Church-warden of each respective Parish, for the Use of the Poll of the said Parish.

sheriff tore-

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after fon" ei'eftedV the Poll shall be closed upon any Election, and before the Person acting as She-to the Govern, riff shall depart from the Parish Church or Chapel, the Persons who shall have or and Coun- jyfojority of Votes, shall be publickly declared by the said Sheriff, to be duly chosen Representatives for such Barish ;> and the fame Persons fb chosen Assemblymen for any Parish, shall be returned by the said Sheriff as such, to the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council for the Time being, on the Day appointed by the Writ for the Return thereof; but it shall not be in the Power of such Sheriff to make any special Return, u'nless it fall out that any of the Candidates have an equal Number of Votes; '- and upon such Return

The LAU^S «/BARBADOES.

347

turn the said Sheriff shall, before the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council, take the following Oath, to be administred by the Secretary, or Clerk of the Council for the Time being; viz.

I A.B. do swear, JThat according to the befi of my Skill and Judgement, the His 0ir-h' Return by me now made upon the Election of Assemblymen for the Parish of

is according to the Law of Elections now in force, and without Favour or AJ'edtioni Hatred, Malice, or Ill-will to any Person what-J'oever.

So help me God.

And if any Person appointed to act as Sheriff at any Election, within the Eeni’iy on Meaning of this Law, shall refuse to act in such Office, or if the Person act- o^ke

ing as Sheriff at any Election of Assemblymen, shall refuse to take the said thu fuJ o.«h. Oath; the Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island; to be recovered by the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, by an Action or Actions in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in this Island; and the said Treasurer is hereby required, under the Penalty of, Two hundred Pounds, to prosecute the lame to Effect, and recover the fame within one Year after such Offence committed; to be recovered of the said Treasurer by any Informer, as in the Cafe of Servants Wages; one Half to the Informer, the other to be paid to the Church-warden, for the Use of the Poor of that Parish where such Offender acted as Sheriff.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That who- Members to soever for the future shall be elected an Assemblyman, shall, before the Governor, oaths. ©»*. or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and Council, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in an Act, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights

and Liberties of the Subject, and Jettling the Succession of the Crown, and all other Oaths and Tells taken and subscribed by the Members of the House of Commons in Great Britain; which Oaths shall be administred by the Secretary, or Clerk of the Council for the Time being, in the Presence of the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council for the Time being; and the Per fobs elected shall immediately after their being so fworri (if there be a Quorum) make a House, and proceed on Business; and every Person elected an Aflem- On Refusal, blyman, who shall refuse to take the said Oaths, or to take and subscribe thecobc cxiieUed-said Tests, or after having taken and subscribed the fame, shall refuse or neglect immediately to join with the rest of the Members elected, in making a House, if thereto required by the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and proceed on Business, shall be, and is hereby rendered incapable of serving as an Assemblyman for that.Assembly, then chosen, and a new Writ shall forthwith issue in the usual Manner, to choose another Person in his room.

XXV. And whereas many Disputes have arisen concerning the Quorum of the General Assembly of this Island, and many and great Inconveniencies have happened by reason of the Uncertainty thereof, and by the frequdnt Alterations of the Law; for the effectual Prevention of all such Evils for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby declared and enacted accordingly, That from and after the Publication of this Act, ...any twelve, or Twelve to be greater Number of Persons, elected, returned, and {worn, as Members of the General.Assembly of this Island, and meeting and joining together as such,

shall be deemed and allowed as a Quorum of the said General Assembly, suffici-ently qualified and impowered to act and proceed as a. General Assembly of this Island, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, under the Limitations and Appointments of this Act; and that no Number under twelve of such Mem-, C .C c v... L L_-.'J. 'bers

348

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

r-—*—bers shall be qualified or impowered to act or proceed as a General Assembly ij2J. of this Island, upon any Account whatsoever.

L —J

XXVI. And to the end that no publick Business of Moment may be concluded or transacted in the Assembly, before the whole Body of this Island hath been duly represented in the Legislature, by the Election of Assembly-men for every Parish in this Island; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid* Bufinest^to be ^Iat upon Failure of the Publication of any Writ or Writs, issued for the done* tin Election of Assemblymen in any Parish or Parishes, the Members elected and choftn'so^aH returnec^ for other Parishes, may and shall, immediately after their being the Parishes. sworn, provided there be a Quorum, make choice of their Speaker, and other Officers, and settle the Rates of their Houses, appoint the Salaries of their Clerk and Marshal, and addrels the Governor, or Commander in Chief, in Council, that new Writs may issue for such Parish or Parishes, }n which the first Writ failed of being published; but they shall not go upon any other Business whatsoever, till Representatives shall be chosen, returned, and sworn, by virtue of such new Writ or Writs, any thing.herein before seeming to the contrary notwithstanding; and within six Days next after such Address being presented to the Governor, or Commander in Chief, a new Writ shall issue for electing of Assemblymen in every such Parish where any former Writ failed of being published, in the same Manner as Writs are before in this Act directed to issue. Clause touch-

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all verte^Eie- Controversies which shall arise on the Return of any Assemblymen, shall be ftion*. heard and determined by the General Assembly of this Island; and the Speaker of the said Assembly is hereby impowered to issue Summons’s for Witnesses, and administer an Gath to any Person, for declaring their Evidence, in relation to any such Controversy; and no Bill shall bet, read a third time in the said AfEmbly, in order to its being passed into a Law, until all the controverted Elections shall be fully determined; and that all Persons who would controvert any such Election, shall lodge their several*'Petitions or Complaints with the Clerk of the Assembly, within three Days next after the first Meeting thereof, and shall attend and prosecute the fame within such time or times as the said Assembly shall appoint; and such Person or Persons who shall not lodge or prosecute his or their Complaint or Complaints, as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have no just Cause of Complaint; and before the hearing of any such controverted Election by the Assembly, the Speaker shall take the following Oath before the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or before one of the Members of His Majesty's Council, by Appointment of the Governor, or Commander in Chief, who is hereby impowered to administer the feme, and give a Certificate thereof; viz. I

I A.B. do swear, 'That I will faithfully and jujlly give my Opinion, according to the Law of Elections now in force, in the Ifecijion of the EleSlion now controverted between C.D. and E. F. according to the best of my Skill and 'Judgement.

So help me God.

And then the Speaker shall administer to every Member of the Assembly present, the like Oath; and if any Member shall refuse or deny to take the said Oath, he shall be expelled the House. -

XXVIII. And that the Number of Acres and Situation of Land, qualifying any Person to elect, or be elected an Assemblyman, or Vestryman, for any Parish within this Island, or to serve as a Juryman on the Trial of real AdtioriS; Disputet about may be the better ascertained; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That how-to' be de-at - the Poll, or on the controverting of any Election, or on any Dispute; con-termined. cerriing the Freehold of a Petion returned as a Juryman to try real Actions,

or

349

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

or on the Trial of any Person for Perjury concerning his Freehold of Land, r—*-----

any Plat of the said Land in dispute, certified under the Hand of William T72 T-Mayo Surveyor, or of any other sworn Surveyor of this Island, to be agree- ’ v able to the Map of this Island, or to a Map of the Parish where such Land lies, drawn by the said William Mayo, and to the Lines of the Parish or Pa-r-iflies in which the said Land is situated, as the lame are laid down in the said Map, shall be allowed and adjudged as good and sufficient Proof of the Quantity and Situation of the said Land, under the Limitations and Appointments of this present A (St.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in calc <jjc^™or to any Member of the Assembly shall die, depart this Island, or shall be removed eie'aingMem1-or expelled the House, according to the Rules thereof^ the Governor, or Com- bers in tl,e mander in Chief, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, shall, dying° 'within forty Days after liich Death, Departure, Removal, or Expulsion, by

an Address from the Assembly to the Governor, or Commander in Chief, issue a new Writ, directed to the eldest Counsellor in the Parish where such AlTem--blyman shall be wanting; and if no Counsellor shall live in that Parish, or he :should decline executing the Writ, then to some other substantial Freeholder in 'the same Parish, as the Governor, or Commander in Chief, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council, shall think fit, for choosing another Person to serve in the General Assembly for such Parish, after the same Manner and Method as the first Choice was.

XXX. But forasmuch as a Member of the Assembly may, after his being elected, be taken ill, and by that Means may be obliged to go off this Island,

for the Recovery of his Health; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Leave of At»-•it shall and may be lawful for the General Assembly of this Island, to give Leave to any such Member, being indisposed, as aforesaid, upon his Petition for the fame, to go off this Island, and be absent for any Time, not exceeding six Months, without the Election of any other Person in his room"; and upon the Return of such Member within the said Time, he shall continue to act as an Assemblyman, in the lame Method as if he had not gone off" this Island; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided never-thelels, that the said Assembly shall not permit more than two of their Members to be absent, as aforesaid, at one time.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Penalty on Person or Persons shall prelume to come into the House of Assembly, and act Per/°,ns asms

, i - X7 as Aiiembiy-

as a Member thereof, that hath not been choien, returned, and sworn, ac« men, nor duly cording to the Appointment of this Act, and the true Intent and Meaning chosen> &c-thereof; every such Person shall forfeit and pajr the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; to bp recovered as in case of Servants Wages; one Half io be applied to the Use of the Fortifications, and the other to the Informer.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Speaker may

Person or Persons, who on any Occasion whatsoever shall appear before the Ge- so^mmi«beha> neral Assembly of this Island, and shall in die Presence of them misbehave ving^hem-him or themselves towards the said Assembly; or AYjjy of the Members thereof, the VHoure?f* either by; uttering any unhandiom Language, p* jfirttijflg

of such Assembly; the Speaker of the said Assembly shall have, and hereby hath full Power and Authority to commit all and every such Person or Persons to the common Gaol" of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, until he or they shall dulyTtlbfhit him Of thetofelvestothe Houfo, or during the Continuance of that Assembly.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Vestrymen to all Elections of Vestrymen, the lame Methods shall be taken as for Assembly-the fame Man-men, by the Freeholders writing down their Names in several Columns; which £" a* Affem-is to be done, and the Votes taken by the eldest Justice of the Peace .present; ymcn'

and

3So The LAWS of BARBADOES.

1721.

This Act to be published lnailChurch: and Chapeis in the Iliand

Penalty on Ee.r.-Ir.

and if no Justice be present, then by the Vestrymen first named in the Parish Books of the last Vellry, and present, who has hereby the lame Power to administer any Oath relating to any Person’s Freehold, as the Sheriff has on Elections of Assemblymen; and all Titles and Controversies that cannot be decided at the said Election by virtue of this Law, are to be decided before the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and Council, upon a Petition or Petitions, to be lodged with the Clerk of the Council within four Days next after such Election, by any Person or Persons aggrieved, and to be prosecuted in such Manner, as Controversies concerning the Election of Af-lemblymen are herein directed to be prosecuted before the Assembly.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be pu,bhlhed in all and every the Parish Churches or Chapels in this liland, by the officiating Minitler, or Clerk of each Parish, after Divine Service is over, and before the Sermon begins, in the Forenoon, on the second Sunday in famuuj, and the second Sunday in July, of every Year; and for that Purpose the Church-warden for the Time being of every Parish, shall take care to provide an attested Copy of this Act, and the fame deliver to the Miniltcv or Clerk, by which the fame ought,to be published, as aforesaid; and the Minister, Clerk, or Church-warden of any Parish, who shall be guilty of any wilful Default herein, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money; one Half to the Use of the Poor of such Parish, and the urhe-i. Half to the Informer; to be by him recovered as in case of Servants

r . ,

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That these

remedied.' ! following Acts; viz.- One Act, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve Vide 557. the Freedom of Elections, and appointing who fall be deemed Freeholders, and be capable of electing, or being elected RepreJ'entatives, Vestrymen, or to f'erve as furors to try real ASHons within this Island, bearing Date the twenty fourth Day Sec also, Qf fuHe, One thousand seven hundred and nine; one other Act, intituled,A5>/ additional Act to an Act, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders, and capable of electing, or being eledied RepreJ'entatives, Vestrymen, or to serve as furors to try real Actions within this Island, bearing Date the twenty fourth Day of Au-, One thousand seven hundred and thirteen; one other Act, intituled, An 1 to repeal a Clause of an Act, intituled, An additional Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders, and capable of electing, or being elected Representatives, Vestrymen, or to serve as furors to try real Actions within this Island, bearing Date the seventh Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and twenty; and all the several Acts repealed in and by the Act in this Clause first abovementioned, shall be, and are hereby severally repealed, and made null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

As likewi'.e, rrz'/r

‘4S. gL

1722.

112° 656.

Expired.

Art All for supporting the Honour and Dignity of the Government.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

351

r—

1722.

An Act to prevent the Vessels that trade here, to and from Martinico, j&e <y57. or elsewhere, from carrying off any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slaves, RePealed‘ Persons indented, or contracted Servants.

\kSS ‘Stiff 'iTcSf "

An Act to hnpovjer his Excellency Colonel Henry Worsley to appoint 1723. any Person or Persons to treat and conclude with the Executors and 63 8° Trustees of Thomas Pilgrim deceased, for a new Lease of Pilgrim House and Land.

WHEREAS the Lease of Pilgrim House and Land is now near expiring, and the said House and Land are found convenient for the Residence of His Majesty's Governor, or Commander in Chief here; be it enacted by his Excellency Colonel Henry Worjley, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands to "Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That his said Excellency shall be, and he is hereby humbly desired and im- Governor to powered, by any Instrument under his Hand and Seal, to appoint any one or teififof*«/-more Person or Persons, on the Part and Behalf of the Country, to treat and grim House. conclude with the Executors and Trustees of the said Thomas Pilgrim, for, and to accept of and take a new Lease of the said House and Land, for such a Term of Years, under such annual Rent, and such usual Covenants in Leases, as to his said Excellency shall seem proper; and also to settle and ad-just all Arrearages of Rent, which now are or may be due, for or by reason of the present subsisting Lease; and when the same shall be so adjusted, his said Excellency is hereby further impowered, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Honourable the Council, to issue his Orders upon the Treasurer for the Time being, for the Payment of the fame, as also for the Pay- Rent to be ment, from Time to Time, of such annual Rent as shall hereafter accrue, for xrejfurermit or by reason of the new Lease intended to be taken of the said House and of the Money Land; which Orders shall be paid out of the Monies arising, or which shall ExciseAK^ hereafter arise by any Act or Acts for laying an Imposition on Wines, and other Strong-liquors, commonly called The Excise Act, preferable to all other Orders whatsoever, and shall accordingly be so allowed to the Treasurer for the Time being, on his accounting with the Committee of publick Accounts from Time to Time.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said House and Land shall be, and are hereby exempted from all Parochial Taxes, empted frtini and other publick Assessments whatsoever, for and during the Continuance such new intended Lease, and no longer.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

35*

Expired.

An Act appointing Agents for this Island in Great Britain.

JI2° 660. An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported this Island, in order to raise Money for carrying on the Fortifications, for Payment of fitch Perfions as are or shall be employed at the Publick Charge, and for fitch other publick Uses as are herein appointed.

J13? 66s. An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, should be accepted instead of an Oath 5 and for granting to . the said People such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration, as may re-' move the Difficulties which many of them lie under.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting the People called Quakers, such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration, as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under; but the said Act not extending to any of His Majesty's .Plantations, the said People in this Island receive no Benefit therefrom: And whereas the said People called Quakers, refilling to take an Oath in Courts of tustice, and other Places, many Inconveniencies arise to them, and their Families, and tp others requiring their Testimony: And it being evident that the said People called Quakers, in this Island, have not abused the Liberty and Indulgence allowed them by Law; and they have given Testimony of their ^ffeflion and Fidelity to His Majesty, and the Settlement of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and it is reasonable to give them Relief, and to remedy , rthe Inconveniencies which they lie under; be it therefore enacted by his Excellency IJenry fiVorfey Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Commander; Siti Chief of this, and all other the Carribbee Islands lying to Windward of

fcudrdelimp, the Honourable the Members of the Council, and General A'ffem-Quakn't Af- bly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from betaken* /n after Publication of this Act, every Quaker within this Island who shall be

Head of an required upon any lawful Occasion to take an Oath in any case, where by Law Oath. <;aji Oath is required, shall, instead of the usual Form, be permitted to make 'hfs or her solemn Affirmation or Declaration in these Words following; tiiz.

1 A. B.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

353

A.B. do solemnly, sincerely, and truly declare and affirm. *7^3-

Which said solemn Affirmation or Declaration shall be adjudged and taken, and is hereby enacted and declared to be of the fame Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, in all Courts of Justice, and other Places, where by Law an Oath is required, within this Island, as if such Quaker had taken an Oath in the usual Form; and in all Cafes where by Law any Quaker within this Island is or shall be required or permitted to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, in the Form prescribed by an Act which was made in the first Year of the Reign of Their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting 'their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting front the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws; every such Quaker shall, instead of such Declaration of Fidelity, make and subscribe a Declaration of Fidelity in the following Words; viz:

I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely promise and declare, that 1 will he true and Their Decla-faithful to King George; and do solemnly, sincerely, and truly profess, testify, of

a?id declare, "That I do from [;»>’] Heart abhor, detejl, and renounce, as impious and heretical, that wicked DoSlritie attd Postion, that Princes, excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, may be deposed or mur-thered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever: And I do declare, that no Foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potetitate, hath, or ought to have any Power, yurij'difiion. Superiority, Preheminence, or Authority, Ecclesajlieal, or Spiritual, within the Realm of Great Britain or this Island.

And instead of the Abjuration Oath, prescribed by an Act made in the first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, every such Quaker shall take the Effect thereof in the following Words j viz. I

I A.B. do solemnly, sincerely, and truly acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare, form to be that King George is lawjid and rightful King of Great Britain, and of Abju-

other His Dominions and Countries thereunto belongi?ig; Aid I do solemnly and ration Oath, sincerely declare, that I do believe the Person pretended to be the Prince of Wales, during the Life of the late King James, and since His Decease, pretending to be, and taking upon himjelf the Stile and title of King of England, by the Name of James the third, or of Scotland, by the Name of James the eighth, or the Stile and title of King of Great Britain, hath not any Right or title whatsoever to the Crown thereof, nor any other the Dominions thereunto belonging, and I do renounce and refuse any Allegiance or Obedience to him; and Ido' solemnly promije, that I will be true and faithful, and bear true Allegiance to King George, and to Him will be faithfid against all traiterous Conspiracies and Attempts whatj'oever, which shall be made against His Person, Crown, or Dignity; and I will do my befl Endeavour to dfclofe and make known to King George, and to His Successors, all treajims and traiterous Conjpiracies which I shall know to be made against Him, or any of Them; and I will be true and faithful to the Succession of the Crown, against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever, as the fame is and stands settled by an Act, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown to the late Queen Anne, and the Heirs of

Her Body, being Protestants; and as the fame, by one: other Act, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securiilg the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, is and standsfettled and intailed after the' Decease of the said late Queen; and for Default of fjfue of thejdid'.late QuteHj to the littd Princess Sophia, Electorefe and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of Her Body, being Protestants-, onfall these Things Ido pfdirilf atidjirtcefely diknowledge.

354

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

______ ledge, promt fey and declare, according to these express Words by me spoken, r7f-

1723. cording to the plain and common Senje and Underfunding of the fame Words, nvith-J out any Equivocation, mental Eva/ion, or Jccret Rrfrvation ichat/ce-ver; and I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgment, Renunciation, and Promije, heartily, weill-ingly, and truly.

And all Persons authorized or required to administer or tender either the aforesaid former Declaration of Fidelity, or the former Effect of the Abjuration Oath aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby authorized and required to administer and tender die lame respectively to the said People called Quakers, in the Words by this Act respectively appointed.

To be of the If. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Declarative Dcchrj- tion of Fidelity, and the Effect of the Abjuration Oath, appointed by this Act )i°n °and t1ie' ^'or t*ie People called Quakers, instead of the Forms prescribed by the here-Abjuration' in before recited Acts, shall be respectively adjudged, and taken to be of Inch Oath. and the fame Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, in all Courts of Justice, and elsewhere in this Island, as if such Quaker had made and subscribed the Declaration of Fidelity, or had taken the Effect of the Abjuration Oath, in the respective Forms appointed by the said recited Acts.

[Proviso.]III. Provided, and be it enacted, That no Quaker, or reputed Quaker

within this Wand, shall, by virtue of this Act, be qualified, or permitted to give Evidence in any criminal causes, or serve on any Juries, or bear any Of-Quahert con- fice or Place of Profit in the Government: And if any Peri'on, making such Affirmation or Declaration, as is appointed by this Act, shall be lawfully con-to suffer1 as in victed, wilfully, falsly, and corruptly to have affirmed or declared any Mat-Cafcs of Per- ter or Thing, which if the fame had been in the usual Form of an Oath, would ,ury' have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury; every such Quaker, or reputed

Quaker so offending, shall incur and suffer the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as are by Law enacted against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

1° 662. An Act to enlarge the Time allowed by an Act of this Island, intituled,

A supplemental Ail to an Act, intituled, An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on all Sugars, Molajfes, Rum, Cotton, or Ginger imported this Island, which are not the natural ProduCl, Growth, and Manufacture of some of His Majestys Colonies, for proving Goods seized by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, to be the natural Product, Growth, or Manufacture of some of His Majestys Colonies j or that the Duty imposed by virtue of the frjl of the said Acts, hath been truly, and bona fide paid, or fecund to be paid.

WHEREAS in and by a certain Act of this Island, bearing Date the one and twentieth Day of March, in the Year One thousand seven hun-YHt n° 5>8- dred and fifteen, intituled, An Act laying an Impoftion or Duty on all Sugars, Molafjes, Rum, Cotton, and Ginger imported this Island, •which are not the natural Product, Growth, and Manufacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies, and now in full force, certain Duties are imposed on all Sugars, Molasses, Rum, Cotton,

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 355

Ginger, and Aloes imported here, which are not of the natural Product, Growth, and Manufacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies: And whereas in and by 1723-one other Act of this Island, bearing Date the fourteenth Day of May, in the

Year One thousand seven hundred and seventeen, intituled, A suppkmental A£IV,A'- '5l°-

to an Act, intituled, An Act laying an Imposition or Duty on all Sugars, Molajjcs,

Rum, Cotton, and Ginger imported this Island, which are not the natural Product,

Growth, and Manujacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies, and now in full force, it is enacted in the Words following; viz. " And be it further enacted.

" by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any the Per-<£ Ions which Avail be authorized and appointed by the Treasurer in Manner " aforesaid, or any other Person whatsoever, to make Seizure of any Parcels " of Sugar, Molasses, Ginger, Cotton, or Pviim, which he or they shall have " Information of, or shall have good Reason to believe are not the Product, tc Growth, or Manufacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies, and to detain " the fame in his or their Custody, until the Persons claiming the lame shall " make appear by Oath, or other sufficient Evidence, before the Treasurer " (which Oath the said Treasurer is hereby impowered and required to ad-€t minister) that the Goods so seized are the natural Product, Growth, or Ma-nufacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies; or that the Duty imposed by " virtue of the aforesaid Act, hath been truly and bona fide paid, or secured to " be paid; and in case the Owner or Claimer of such Goods shall not, within " twenty four Hours after the Time of such Seizure, make such Proof in Man-<£ ner aforesaid, it shall be taken pro confefio, that the said Goods were illegally imported, and they, together with the Ship, or other Vessel, in which such t( Goods were imported, shall be, and are hereby declared forfeitedAnd whereas the Space of twenty four Hours, allowed by the said last recited Act, for Persons claiming Goods seized by virtue of the said Acts, to make, appear by Oath, or other sufficient Evidence, before the Treasurer, that the Goods so seized are the natural Product, Growth, or Manufacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies; or that the Duty imposed by virtue of the said first. recited Act, hath been truly and bona fide paid, or secured to be paid, is too short a Time for Persons claiming such Goods, so seized, to make such Proof in, as by the said last recited Act is required; be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Henry Worjley Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloup, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Aflem-bly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the Time for Th*'Time for making such Proof before the Treasurer, as by the said last recited Act is re- that Good*00 quired, shall be enlarged; and that instead of the Time of twenty four Hours,

allowed by the same Act, for making the Proof thereby required, Persons claim- m°na,enlarging Goods seized by virtue or colour of the said recited Acts, or either of them, ®d to three shall have, and be allowed the Space of three whole Days, to make appear by ays"

Oath, or other sufficient Evidence, before the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, that the Goods so seized are the natural Product, Growth, or Manufacture of some of His Majesty's Colonies; of that the Duty imposed by virtue of the said first recited Act, hath been truly and bona fide paid, or secured to be paid; the said recited Acts, or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

356

Expired^' to Prevent the Dangers •which may happen to the Inhabitants of

this Island from contagious Disfempersy brought here by Ships, or other Vessehy arriving from Foreign Parts.

__.a^SgSai

JI5° 6(54. An Act to raise a Levy on the Inhabitants of this Island; and to eJlabli/B Repealed. Method to supply the want of Casht for the Payment of the Pu-blick Debts•

4S&> &SL -« 46

*ar "shf 'mr m

IS® 665- An Act for enlarging the 'Time appointed for the Election of Pejhynten hi

this Island.

VideTT THERE AS by an Act of tills Island, Intituled, An Act concerning Ve-VV fries, it is (amongst other things) enacted, " That all the Freeholders " of every Parish within this island shall repair to their respective Parish Churches every Year successively, on the second Monday in January, and there, by their free Voices, choose sixteen Persons to be the Vestrymen of their Parish for Vide N° << ce the Year ensuing and by another Act of this Island, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate, and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appointing •who fall be deemed Freeholders, and be capable of elediing, or being elected Assemblymen, or Vestry-rnen, or to serve as furors to try real ASiions within this Island, bearing Date the eighteenth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and twenty one, it is (amongst other things) enacted, " That upon all Elections of Vestrymen the fame Method shall be taken as for Alterably men, by the Freeholders writing "• down their Names in several Columns:" And whereas it has been found ' by Experience in some Parishes, that the Time appointed and limited for the Election of Vestrymen, hath not been sufficient to perfect such Elections; be ‘ft therefore enacted by his Excellency Henry Worfey Eftpiire-,. His Majesty's Cahtain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Iflarids to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the^emberS of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Iflaftd, and by the Authori-The Election ty of the fame. That if it shall hereafter happen, upon any Election of Veto beacTjour'n^ ftrymen for any Parish in this Island, that such Election cannot be perfedled ed to the next in one Day, the taking of the Poll for the said Election shall be adjourned to eaifnot^be the Day next following, by the Person taking the said Poll, and on the pertefted in foicl Day next following the said Poll shall be continued to be taken in the ®ne* usual Manner, and in the usual Place, and no longer.

!The LAWS of BARBADOES

357

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per- -

son, who shall take the Poll on the first Day of any such Election, as afore- J72 3-said, shall refuse or neglect to make an Adjournment, as aforesaid, in case the said Election shall not be perfected, he shall forfeit and pay to His Majesty, the Poll, on His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds current Money; j^|")ca^or0o^ one Half of the said Forfeiture to be to the Use of the Informer, and the other Half to be to the Use of the Fortifications of this Island; to be recovered before any one Justice of the Peace, by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses, as in case of Servants Wages.

III. Provided always; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Hledions to upon the Election of Vestrymen in this Island, the same shall begin between Mor."0 the Hours of Eight and Nine in the Morning, and shall continue till Four in ing, and con. the Afternoon, and no longer, on any Day that the same shall be had; but he'a toby the Consent of all the Persons who stand as Candidates in each respective noon. Parish, it shall and may be lawful to have the said Poll closed sooner j any

thing herein before, or any other Law contained to the contrary; notwithstanding.

An additional AB to an Act, intituled, An Act establishing the Courts 666° of Common-pleas in this Island $ declaring also a Method and Manner of Proceedings, both to Judgement and 'Execution, which are to he ohfemed in the said Courts.

WHEREAS in and by a certain Act or Statute of this Island, now in full force, dated the nine and twentieth Day of August, One thousand six hundred sixty and one, intituled, An Act establishing the Courts of VideN* 18, Common-pleas in this If and y declaring also a Method and Manner of Proceedings^ both to Judgement and Execution, which are to be observed in the said Courts, it is provided, " That, according to the antient Usage, every Man be feed in the *c Precinct wherein he lives And whereas from the Time of the making of the said Act, hitherto it has been usual to have Persons appointed Judges of the Courts of Common-pleas, held for the Precincts wherein they live, the Judges of the said Courts having no Salary or Allowance from His Majesty, for the great Care and Pains they must necessarily undergo, in she Discharge of the Trust reposed in them; and it being therefore not reasonable that they should be obliged to travel out of the Precincts wherein they live, for the Execution of their Offices j to prevent nevertheless any Inconveniencies .that may arise by the Judges of the Courts of Common-pleas living within the Precincts

of which they are or may. be Judges, be it enacted by his Excellency Henry Worfey Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Gpyernarin Chief of this* and other the Carribbee Islands to V7indwar<5 of Guardeloup, -&c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may Be lawful Aaionf a,-for any Person or Persons, now having, or hereafter to have any Cause ofgainst Judged Addon or Suit, at the Common Law, against any Person, now being, or that hereafter shall be Judge of any Court of Common-pleas in this Island, and who now doth, or shall live within, the Precinct of which he is or shall be Judge, to sue such Judge either in the Precinct wherein such Judge shall live

at

1724*

667.

Expired.

JS° 66S

Expired.

"TA LA IP'S of BARBADOES.

at the Time of the bringing the Action, or in some other of the Courts of Common-pleas in this Island, as is herein after appointed, at the Election of the Party Plaintiff; that is to say, it shall be in the Election of the Party Plaintiff to sue the Judge of the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of Chriji Church, &c. for the Time being, if such Judge live within the same Precinct at the Time of bringing the Action, either in the said Court of Common-pleas held for the said Precinct of Chriji Church, &c. or in the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of St. Michacly &c. and in like Manner the Judge of the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of St. Michaely &c. for the Time being, if such Judge at the Time of bringing such Action live in the fame Precinct, shall and may be filed either in the fame Court, or in the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of St. James, &c. at the Election of the Party Plaintiff; and in like Manner the Judge of the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of St. James, &c. for the Time being, if such Judge at the Time of bringing such Action live in the fame Precinct, shall and may be sued either in the fame Court, or in the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of St. Peter, Sec. at the Election of the Party Plaintiff; and in like Manner the Judge of the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of St. Peter, &c. for the Time being, if such Judge at the Time of bringing such Action live in the lame Precinct, shall and may be sued either in the fame Court, or in the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of St. Andrew, &c. at the Election of the Party Plaintiff; and in like Manner the Judge of the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of St. Ardrewy &cc. for the Time being, if such Judge at the Time of bringing such Action live in the fame Precinct, shall and may be sued either in the fame Court, or in the Court of Common-pleas held for the Precinct of St. Peter, See. at the Election. of the Party Plaintiff; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

m B&sBWsm

An Act appointing Agents for this Island in Great Britain.

An Act for laying an Impdfition or Duty on Wines and other Liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for carrying on the Fortifications, for Pdynient of such Perjims as are or shall he employed at; the Biubtick Charge, and for such other Publick Uses as are herein appointed.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

3 59

An Act for the Preservation of Fish. 669

WHEREAS divers ill-disposed Persons, Fishermen, and others, have of late used the Juice of Mancheneel Trees, and Poison Trees, and other poisonous Juices, and therewith have poisoned and destroyed great Quantities of Fish in and about the Bays, Creeks, and Shoals of this Island, and do continue the said mischievous Practice; be it enacted by his Excellency Henry Worjley Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloup, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons what- No Persons soever, from and after Publication of this Act, shall use the Juice of Mancheneeldestroy^"* Trees, or Poison Trees, or any other Poisons whatsoever, therewith or there- Fish. by to take, poison, or destroy any Fish in or about any the Bays, Creeks, or Shoals of this Ifl&nd.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per- Penalty, if a son, after the Publication of this Act, shall offend contrary to the Tenor, w!ucelerIonj Form, and Purpose thereof; such Offender, if a white Person, shall for every such Offence lose and forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds of good and lawful Money of this Island; to be recovered by any Person who will inform and sue for the fame, before any Justice of the Peace in this Island, as in case of Servants Servants.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the if 3 Negro, Person so offending be a Negro, or other Slave, such Slave for every such or ave* Offence shall be whipt by a Constable, by Order, and at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace, before whom such Offence shall be proved j but fb as the said Whipping shall not exceed Thirty and nine Lashes: And all and every ..Justice and Justices of the Peace within this Island, are and is hereby severally '

impowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them to be made of such Offence committed, to hear affid determine in and upon such Complaint, and to give Judgement thereupon, according to the Directions of this Act.

AnAB to repeal Part of an Act of this Island, hearing Date the fourth 0° 670. Day of August, One thousand seven hundred twenty and four, inti- Expired" tuled. An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for carrying on the Fortifications, for Payment of such Persons as are or shall he employed at the Publick Charge, and for such other publick Uses as are herein appointed; so far as the fame relates to Wines, and other Strong-liquors, of the Growth or Production of Europe, imparted into this Island.

An.

F f f

y6o The LAWS of BARBADOES.

H^°if crts requiring all Persons whatsoever in this Island, to produce to the

fiflea. Treasurer for the Time being, all Orders for Money due to them from the Publick of this Island.

Expired72* to prevent the Daitgers which may happen to the Inhabitants of

this Island, from contagious Dishmpers brought here by Ships, or other Vessels, arriving from Foreign Parts.

Expirf/3’ AnAB for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for carrying oil the Fortifications, for Payment of such Persons as are or Jrnfl be employed at the Publick Charget and for such other publick UJes as are herein appointed.

&Q <*74‘

Expired.

An Act for ereBing Magazines at St. Alined Castle, and building a Town-hall and Gaol in the Town of St. Michael, in the said Island.

8? 4b cfl* qfl»

•3% w» «I« 2s£ ^3% «?c!w ^73%

B° 6Tj. Expired.

An Act appointing Agents for this Island in Great Britain.

6v6. An Act for the Payment of Money due from the Publick, to the Honour-Efiea. ‘M able William' Downs Esquire.

An

Lhe LAWS of BARBA DOES.

361

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors <*77* imported into this If and, in order to raise Money for carrying on the For-*™*’ tif cations, for Payment of such Persons as are or shall be employed at the Publick Charge, and for such other Publick Uses as are herein appointed.

ftSfeS l&bwe. &§§Si IsSiis

An Act appointing Agents for this Island in Great Britain. 6j2l

Expired.

fr y&

m fw

vbi'isr

M

*&» *88 *8& *£& m

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong- liquors

imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for carrying on the For- Expired. tif cations, for Payment of such Persons as are or shall be employed at the Publick Charge, and for such other Publick Uses as are herein appointed.

jm* mu if is. jfis jm. jm jhl M%k ir is# imf 'siff 'ssr nir wsr n#

An Act to prevent the Pejfels that trade here, to and from Martinico, or ^80. elsewhere, from carrying off any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slaves,

Persons indebted, or contraBed Servants.

WHEREAS a clandestine Trade is, and has been lately carried on by some ill-designing People, by Vessels that come into lbme of the Creeks and Out-bays in this Eland, or lie off and on at a small Distance, without en-tring or giving in Security in any of the Offices in this Island, according as the Law directs, whereby they have Opportunity to steal, force, or entice several Negro, Indian, and Mulatto Slaves to go off this Island, and encourage Debtors, and contracted;Servants, to go off this Island, which in a short Time may prove very destructive to the Inhabitants thereofj to prevent which In-conveniency for the future, be it enacted by his Excellency Henry Worfey Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and

other

36a 'The LAWS of BARBADOES.

r—\ other the Carribbce Islands lying and being to Windward of Guarddoup, &c.

1727. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Af-'--'y J lembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after shveVoff the Publication hereof, every Owner, Super-cargo, or Mailer of any Vessel, and island^vith- every other Person whatsoever, that shall fraudulently or clandestinely carry off" from the Go- from this Island, in any Vessel whatsoever, any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto vemor, Fe- slave or Slaves, that shall belong to another Person, without a Ticket to be ony ’ first had from the Governor, President, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, and shall be convicted thereof by the Oath of one or more lawful Witnesses, or his or her voluntary Confession in open Court, at the Grand Sessions to be held for the Body of this Island, shall incur the Pain of Death, and as *n ca^e Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and such Vessel, or any Part

forfeited^0 of such Vessel, with her Cargo, or that Part of her Cargo that shall belong to the Owner, Super-cargo, or Mailer of any Vessel in which such Slave or Slaves shall be so carried off, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in this Island, in the Name of the Informer, or of the King’s Attorney-general, as in case of other prohibited or uncullomed Goods; and out of such Forfeiture, the Owner or Owners of any such Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave or Slaves, shall be paid for their Negro, Lilian, or Mulatto Slave or Slaves, 1b carried off, and not brought back and delivered to their laid Owner or Owners, with all Colls and Damages; and the Overplus of such Forfeiture shall be to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Success’ors, for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island,

II. And forasmuch as the said Felons are much encouraged to commit such Felonies, because a great Number of Persons make it a Trade to comfort, aid, abet, assist, counsel, hire, or command others to commit such Felonies, and make it their Business to harbour and conceal such Felons after such Felonies committed, knowing the said Felonies to have been by them committed; be ftch* Felonies ^ere^ore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Death. shall comfort, aid, abet, assist, counsel, hire, or command any Person or Persons to commit any such Felony or Felonies, or shall receive, harbour, or conceal any Person or Persons that shall have committed such Felony or Felonies, knowing him or them to have committed such Felony or Felonies, shall be taken and received as Accessary or Accessaries to the said Felony or Felonies, and being thereof legally convicted in manner aforesaid, shall incur the Pain of Death, as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Accessaries

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any punloied ^ho’ PrinciPal Offender shall be convicted of any Felony within the Meaning of the Prmc’ipa.s this Act, or shall Hand mute, or peremptorily challenge above the Number of are delivered, twenty Persons returned to serve of the Jury, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against any Accessary, either before or after the Fabt, in the same Manner as if such principal Felon had been attainted thereof, notwithstanding any such principal Felon shall be pardoned, or otherwise delivered before Attainder; and every such Accessary shall suffer the lame Punishment, if he or ' Ihe be convicted, or shall Hand mute, or peremptorily challenge above the Number of twenty Persons returned to serve of the Jury, as he or she should have suffered, if the Principal had been attainted.

Where Pnn-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any bI?found"nAc- such principal Felon cannot be found, so as to be prosecuted and convicted for ceiTariesto be such Offence, yet nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to prosecute and for Mild*! punish every such Accessary and Accessaries as for a Misdemeanor; to be pu-meauor. nished by Fine and Imprisonment, or such Corporal Punishment as the Court shall think fit to inflibt, although the principal Felon be not before convicted of the said Felony, which shall exempt the Offender from being punished as A '-•'eflary, if such principal Felon shall be afterwards taken and convicted.

The LAW'S of BARBAD OES

363

V. And in case any such Vessel as is herein beforementioned, shall carry off

from this Island any Persons indebted, or any contracted Servants, the said Vef- 1727-lei, or such Part of her, with her Cargo, or such Part of her Cargo, as aforesaid, shall be liable to the like Forfeiture, as aforesaid; to be to the King’s Moffc rying off Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Uses of the several Cre- °"ib;°r|-edot' ditors and Mailers of such Servants carried off, as far as their Damages amount; Servan:»,with to be recovered as aforesaid j and the Remainder thereof to be to the King's '{'drafts0* Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to the Uses of the Fortifications.

VI. Provided always, That if any Person concerned with others in carry-

ing off any Slave or Slaves, within the Meaning of this Act (being out of Pri- ryi-g off son) shall first make Information thereof before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, so as that such Accomplice or Accomplices, against whom such Accomplices, Information shall be made, be thereof legally convicted, he or she lb making Paido;uid* such Information, shall be intitled to the most gracious Pardon of His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to reduce the Rate of Inter eft. 1728.

<S8l.

WHERE AS the frequent Reductions of Interest in Great Britain have from time to time been found by Experience very beneficial to the Advancement of Trade, and Improvement of Lands: And whereas the heavy Burthen of publick and parochial Taxes, and Support of the Militia in thblfland, are chiefly born by the Owners of Lands, by reason whereof they have been necessitated. to contract large Debts, which they cannot without great Difficul--ties and Straits discharge, and are moreover thereby become unable to purchase such a Number of Negroes and Quick Stock, as is now become necessary to cultivate and manure the several Plantations, by means whereof the Produce of the Island is annually diminished, and large Tracts of Land lie waste: And whereas, for the Redress of these Mischiefs, and the preventing of the fame hereafter, it is absolutely necessary to reduce the high Rate of Interest of Ten Pounds in the Hundred for a Year, to a nearer Proportion with the Interest allowed for Money in Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Henry Worjley' Esquire, Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloup, the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority, of the lame, That-no Person or Persons whatsoever, from N<? Person to and after the Four and twentieth Pay of June, which will be in the Year of K^hc^r*2 our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, upon any ContradtCent-which shall be made from and after the said Four and twentieth Day of June, take, directly or indirectly, for loan of any Monies^’ Wares, Merchandize* or other Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of Eight Pounds for the Forbearance of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time j and that all Judgements,

Bonds, Contracts, and Aflfurances whatsoever, made after the Time aforesaid.

For Payment of any Principal, or Money to be lent, or covenanted to be performed upon or for any Ulury, whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved

G g g or

3^4

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

or taken above the Rate of Eight Pounds in the Hundred, as aforesaid, shall

1728. be utterly void; and that all and every Peribnand Persons whatsoever, which "~J shall after the Time aforesaid, upon any Contract to be made after the said Four and twentieth Day of June, take, accept, and receive, by way or means of any corrupt Bargain, Loan, Exchange, Cheivefance, Shift, or Interest of any Wares, Merchandize, or other thing or things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Way or Means whatsoever, or by any Covin, Engine, or deceitful Conveyance, for the forbearing or giving Day of Payment for one whole Year, of and for their Money or other thing, above the Sum of Eight Pounds for the forbearing of One hundred Pounds, for a Year, and so after that Rate for Penalty. a greater Qr lelfer Sum, or for a longes or shorter Time, shall forfeit and lofo for every such Offence the treble Value of the Monies, Wares, Merchandizes, and other things so lent, bargained,; exchanged, or shifted; all which Forfeitures to be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to the Uses' following; •viz. One Moiety to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to and for the several Uses of the Act of Excise that shall be in force at the Time of such Forfeiture; and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for tile lame in any Court of Record in this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed.

Eight per Onf.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the B^i'proteh- Ptoteft of a Bill or Bills of Exchange to be drawn after the said Four and cd. twentieth Day of ‘June, Eight per Cent, and no more shall be taken or allow-

ed, and so in proportion for a greater or lesser Sum, for the Damage and Interest for the Value of the Bill so protested, as aforesaid.

Two A9s

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act of

repea’ed. this Island, bearing Date the Twenty ninth Day of April, One thousand fix VU« N° 91- hundred sixty and eight, intituled, An Act reducing the Interest to 'Ten.Pounds for One hundred in one Tear; and one other Act of this Island, bearing Date the nineteenth Day of February, One thousand six hundred sixty and eight, inti-Viit N° m. tuled. An Act for repeal of the Clause hereafter mentioned and contained in an Act lately tnade, and dated the Twenty ninth Day of April, One thousand ftx hundred sixty and eight, intituled, An Act reducing Interest to Ten Pounds of Sugar for One hundred Pounds of Sugar for One Tear j and every thing in the said Adds, and each of them contained, shall, from and after the said Four and twentieth Day of June, be, and are hereby repealed, annulled, and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

An Act for trying an Imposition nr Duty on Wines, and other Strong• liquors imported into this Island, in order to itaife Money for Payment of such Persons as are or shall he employed at the Publick Charge, and for such other Publick Uses as are herein appointed.

An

30° <582*

Expired.

The LAWS of BARBADOES,

3^3

1728.

1.1

An Act for the "Encouragement of William RamlHeti Gentleman, in his |lQ 683* ne-w Improvement of Cattle Mills, for grinding Sugar Canes. i>rmte'

An Act for the better carrying on, completing, and finishing Magazine? at St. Annex Castle, and building a ‘To'wn^hall and Gaol in the ‘Zb'um of St. Michael in the said Island>.

WHEREAS in and by a late Act or Statute of this Island, bearing Date the fifteenth Day of February, in the Year of our Lord One thotl-sand seven hundred twenty and five, intituled, An Act for erecting MagaxinesTtit Na 574; at St. Anne’s Castle, and building a ‘town-hall and Gaol in the town of St. Michael in the said Island, reciting, " That the then Magazine in the Town Of " St. Michael, in the said Island, was in a very ruinous Condition; and the *c Powder, and other Stores therein had been damnified thereby; and that the " laid Magazine was very inconveniently situated, and the Lives and Fortunes " not only of the Inhabitants of the said Town, but of many thousand others " of His Majesty's Subjects were in apparent Danger, from the great Quanti-" ty of Gunpowder usually kept in the said Magazine; and that the common " Gaol in fames Fort, in the said Town (the only Gaol in this Island) was " also very ruinous, and by no means fit to confine Prisoners in; and that there " was wanting a publick Town-house or Hall in the said Island, for the fit-" ting of His Majesty's Governor and Council, and the General Assembly bf this Island, and holding of the Courts of Justice, and other publick Occa-<c lions; and that it would tend to the Service of His then Sacred Majesty,

and to the Welfare of His good Subjects, and to the Honour of the good " Government here, that new Magazines should be created in some more convenient Place; and that a new Gaol and Town-house, with certainnecefik-" ry Out-buildings, should be also erected' And further reciting, " That " 'Thomas Field, of the said Town of St. Michael, Carpenter, had laid before " the General Assembly of this Island certain Proposals, by him duly signed,

" for erecting three Magazines in St. Anne's Castle, to hold One thousand fix " hundred Barrels of Gunpowder, or thereabouts, to be made Bomb Proof}

<e and for making one other Magazine in the said Castle, to hold the Armoury " belonging to the Publick; and for the building a Town-hall and Gaol, with " some other necessary Works in the said Proposals enumerated (which severalPfo-" pofals are annext to the said Act or Statute) and that the said Assembly had ap-" proved of the said Proposals, and had refblved to make proper Provision for " defraying the Charges of Works so necessary, beneficial, and honourable to " the Publick}" it was enacted, " That to the end that the said Works might " be with all convenient Speed begun, and tyein the bed Manner carried 6n " and completed, the Commissioners of the Fortifications in the Division of " St. Michael for the Time being, and several other Persons in the said Act " named, or any nine or more of them, should be, and they, or any nine or " more of them, were thereby appointed Commissioners for and on the Be-" half of the Publick, forthwith to contract and agree for and on the Behalf

of

366

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

" of the Publick, with the said ’Thomas Field, for his the said Thomas Field’-.-" undertaking, making, and completing the said new Magazines, and the said new Town-hall and Gaol, and other the Works in the said Proposals mentioned, at the Charges, and within the Time, and in the Manner in the " said Proposals mentioned j and that such Contract and Agreement iliould be " reduced into Articles of Agreement in Writing, indented, and one Part c< thereof be duly executed by the said Thomas Field, and the other of them " by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and be recorded " in the Secretary’s Office of this Island; and that such Contract and Agreement, and Articles' of Agreement, should be as good and valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Articles had been inferred verbatim in the said Act, and enacted or ratified thereby And it was further enacted in and by the Act or Statute aforesaid, " That the Treasurer of this Island " for the Time being should, within fourteen Days after the said Articles of " Agreement should be duly executed and recorded, and the said Thomas Field " have given such Security for the Performance of his Contraft, as in the said ,c Proposals was mentioned" (which Security was appointed in and by the said Act or Statute, to be taken to His then Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, but to the Uses therein after specified) " and the said Commissioners, or any nine " or more of them, should have certified to the Paid Treasurer, by Writing " under their Hands, or the Hands of any nine or more of them, that Inch " Articles of Agreement had been duly executed and recorded, and such Se-" curity given, as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid to the said Thomas Field, or to his Order, the Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling Money of Great Britain (being of the Value of One thousand two hundred and eighty " Pounds current Money of this Island) by and out of the first: Monies arif-" ing from the Duties on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this " Island, without any other Order or Ceremony whatsoever; and the Com-te mittee of Publick Accounts were thereby required to allow such Payment " to the Credit of the said Treasurer’s Account, on his accounting for the Pu-" blick Money; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwith-tc Handing:" And for the railing the Sum of Four thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds current Money, residue of the Sum of Six thousand Pounds current Money, demanded by the said Thomas Field in and by the lame Proposals, a certain Levy was in and by the said Ail or Statute laid on the Negroes, Windmills, Potkilns, and Inhabitants of this Island; and it was further enabled by die Ail or Statute aforesaid, " That all Sums of Money arising an-" nually by the said Act, and all and every the Forfeitures and Penalties in the lame contained, should be to His then Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, " to and for the several Uses and Purposes therein after mentioned and de-" dared, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; that is tc say. In the first; place to and for the Payment of the four several Sums of Mo-" ney therein after mentioned, to the said Thomas Field, or his Order; viz. " The Sum of One thousand Pounds of current Money of this Island, other tc Parcel of the said Six thousand Pounds, when the second Floor of the said " Town-hall, or Court-house, and Gaol should be laid by him; the further 4t Sum of One thousand Pounds like Money, other Parcel thereof, when the " said Magazines should be finished by him j the further Sum of One thou-tc fend Pounds like Money, other Parcel thereof, when the said Town-hall, 4t or Court-house, and Gaol should be finished by him; and lastly, the Sum tc of One thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds, residue of the said Sum " of Six thousand Pounds, when the whole Work in and by the fame Pro-pofals proposed to be done by the said Thomas Field, should be completed " by him j and the Remainder of all and every the Sums arising by the said Act, to be applied to other the Uses therein mentioned:" And it was fur-. ther enacted in and by the said Act or Statute, " That the said Commissioners,

" or

"The LAWS of BARBADOES. 367

" or any nine or more of them, should, and they had thereby full Power t—s— " and Authority to supervise and take care that the said Works should be 1729* " carefully and diligently carried on; and that [the] fame should be performed " by the said "Thomas Field in Workman-like Manner, according to the Pur-" port, true Intent, and Meaning of the Lid Proposals, and not otherwise."

And it was further enacted in and by the said Act or Statute, " That " when and as often as the said Thomas Field should be intitled, according to " the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of the said Proposals, and not other-" wife, to receive any of the said four latter Payments, the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, were thereby authorized and required " to certify to the Treasurer for the Time being, from time to time, as any " of the said latter Sums should become due and payable, that the lame, or " any of them, was or were become due and payable; and upon such Certificate or Certificates, the Treasurer for the Time being should pay to the " laid Thomas Field, by and out of the Monies arising by the said Act, the " Sum or Sums of Money so certified to be due to him; and that such Certificate or Certificates should be a good and sufficient Warrant or Warrants " to the said Treasurer, for his paying the Sum or Sums of Money therein " mentioned, to the said Thomas Field; and that the Receipt or Receipts of the " said Thomas Field, to be endorsed on such Certificate or Certificates, acknow-" lodging the receipt of the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, should to be good and sufficient Vouchers to the said Treasurer 3 and the Committee of Publick Accounts were thereby required to allow such Payment or Payments to the find Treasurer’s Account, on his accounting for the Publick " Money; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding."

And whereas the said Act or Statute was to continue in force for two whole Years, to commence from the Time of the Publication thereof; and no longer, as in and [by] the said Act or Statute, and the said Proposals thereto annexed (to which Proposals a Plan and Elevation of the said intended Town-hall and Gaol are affixed) relation thereunto being had, it doth and may more fully and at large appear: And whereas in puvfuance of the Act or Statute aforesaid, and by virtue thereof, the said Commissioners afterwards (to wit, on the eighth Day of March, in the Year One thousand seven hundred twenty and five aforesaid) did contract and agree, for and on the behalf of the Publick, with the said Thomas Field, for his the said Thomas Field’s undertaking, making, and completing the said new Magazines, and the said new Town-hall and Gaol, and other the Works in the said Proposals mentioned, at the Charge, and within the Time, and in the Manner in the said Proposals mentioned; and such Contract and Agreement was reduced into Articles of Agreement, in Writing indented, bearing Date the same Day and Year; and one Part thereof was duly executed by the said Thomas Field, and the other of them by the said Commissioners, and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island; and Security was given by the said Thomas Field for the Performance of the said Articles on his Part, as by the said Act or Statute was directed : And whereas in and by the fame xArticles, it was agreed (among other things) that the whole Work, that is to say, as well all the said Magazines, as the Lid Town-hall and Gaol, and necessary Out-buildings, with all and every of their Appurtenances, should be finished within the Space of eighteen Months from the Day of the Date of the said Articles: And whereas the Treasurer of this Island, in pursuance of the said Act or Statute, paid to the said Thomas Field the Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling Money of Great Britain, as by the said Act or Statute was directed, and the Levy thereby laid on the Negroes, Windmills, Potkilns, and Inhabitants of this Island, was raised, and the Lid Thomas Field received thereout from the Treasurer of this Island, by Order of the Lid Commissioners, the Sum of One thousand Pounds current Money, towards the finishing the Lid Magazines: And whereas the

H h h Time

368

The LAWS o/BARBADOES.

Time limited by the said Articles of Agreement for the finishing the said Work

1729. is elapsed, and great Part of the said Work remains unfinished; and the said ‘Thomas Field hath humbly represented, that he has been hindered by many unforeseen Difficulties and Accidents, from finishing the said Work within the Time by the said Articles limited for that Purpose, and hath prayed that eighteen Months further Time may be granted to him for the finishing the said Work in good and Workman-like Manner, according to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of the said Articles of Agreement, in all things other than and except the Time of eighteen Months therein limited from the Date thereof : And whereas the said Act or Statute is expired, and several of the Commissioners therein named are departed this Life: Now for the better carrying on, completing, and finishing the said Magazines at St. Anne's Castle, and the said Town-hall and Gaol in the said Town of St. Michael, be it enacted by his Excellency Henry ForJlcv Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbce Islands to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General AC-jS Months fembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the said ^JOrnas Field shall be allowed and have eighteen Months further Time from the Maya- 0 the Date of this Act, for tire carrying on, completing and finishing the said zines, o'-f- whole Work; that is to say. As well all the said Magazines, as the said Town-hall and Gaol, and necessary Out-buildings, with all and every of their Appurtenances, in good and Workman-like Manner, according to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of the said Articles of Agreement, in all things other than and except the Time of eighteen Months therein limited from the Date thereof; any tiling in the said recited Articles of Agreement to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding : And in Consideration of the carrying on, completing, and finishing the said whole Work, shall receive and be paid by and out of the Monies raised by the said Levy, and now remaining in the Publick Treasury, the Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and twenty .Pounds, residue of the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds current Money, in the Man-in what Man. ner, and by the Proportions following; that is to say. The Sum of One ney'shall be thousand Pounds of current Money of this Island, Parcel thereof, when the paid. second Floor of the said Town-hall, or Court-house, and Gaol shall be laid by

him; the further Sum of One thousand Pounds like Money, other Parcel thereof, when the said Town-hall, or Court-house, and Gaol shall be finished by him; and lastly, the Sum of One thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds, residue of the said Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds, when the whole Work in and by the said Proposals proposed to be done by the said Thomas Field shall be completed by him; any thing in the said recited Articles of Agreement to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And to the end that the said Work may be in the best Manner carried Commission- on, completed, and finished, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That toVuperv?icd t^e Commissioners of the Fortifications in the Division of St. Michael for the the Buildings; Time being, and Samuel DuronJJean, Thomas Withers, and Robert Harper Esquirs, Archibald White Merchant, Charles Game, and David RycroJ't Esquires, and Captain William Denuding, or any nine or more of them, shall be, and they, or any nine or more of them are hereby appointed Commissioners, for and on the Behalf of the Publick, to supervise and take care that the said Works be carefully and diligently carried on,' and that the fame be performed by the said Thomas Field in good and Workman-like Manner, and according to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of the said Proposals, and not otherwise. who are to

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when, TreasurerchCanc^ as often as the said Thomas Field shall be intitled, according to the Purport, whenanySum true Intent, and Meaning of the said Proposals, and not otherwise, to receive. Undertaker^ ^7 t^ie three latter Payments, the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to certify to the Treasurer

for

The LAWS of BARBADOES. 369

for the Time being, from time to time, as any of the said latter Sums shall r— become due and payable, that the fame, or any of them, is or are become 1729J due and payable; and upon such Certificate or Certificates, the Treasurer for l,~ the Time being shall pay to the said 'Thomas Field, by and out of the Money raised by the said recited Act or Statute, the Sum or Sums of Money so certified to be due to him; and such Certificate or Certificates shall be a good and sufficient Warrant or Warrants to the said Treasurer, for his paying the Sum. or Sums of Money therein mentioned to the said Thomas Field; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Thomas Field to be endorled on such Certificate or Certificates, acknowledging the receipt of the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, shall be good and sufficient Vouchers to the said Treasurer, and the Committee of Publick Accounts are hereby required to allow such Payment or Payments to the said Treasurer’s Account, on his accounting for the Publick Money.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several When and Commissioners aforesaid, or any nine or more of them, shall meet together at meet? 10 the House of Elizabeth Fhogjhead Widow, in the said Town of St. Michael, within ten Days after the Date of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves,

and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place in the said Town, or elsewhere, as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them shall think proper or convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for the putting this Act in Execution; and that the said Commissioners at their first Meeting, and at all fiibfe-quest Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act Publick Act; shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and be judicially

taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That this Act, Not topreju-or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to jesty*s Vrcro-injure or impair His Majesty's Royal Prerogative in any respect whatsoever. g«ive.

__________ J81g gNgg ____

An Act for laying an Imposition or Duty on Wines, and other Strong- 685. liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for PaymentExpired’ of such Persons as are or shall he employed at the Publick Charge* and for such other Publick Uses as are herein appointed.

An Act for preventing of Excessme Gaming. 686.

WHEREAS by the immoderate Use of Gaming many Mifohiefs and Inconveniencies do arise and are daily found, to the maintaining and encouraging of sundry idle, loose, and disorderly Persons in their dilfolute

Course

37°

The jLAlVSof BARBADOES.

r—-—»__—Course of Life j to prevent therefore the Mischiefs which happen by all ex-

1729. ceflive Gaming for the future, be it enacted by his Excellency Henry Worjley Esquire, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of GuarJcloup, See. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Af-Bor.ds, &c. fembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and torM* into a^ter Publication of this Act, all Notes, Bills, Bonds, Judgements, or won byGam other Securities or Conveyances whatsoever, given, granted, drawn, or entred ing, void. into, or executed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, where the whole, or any Part of the Consideration of such Conveyances or Securities shall be for any Money, or other valuable thing whatsoever, won by Gaming, or playing at Cards, Dice, Tables, Bowles, Billiards, or other Game or Games whatsoever, or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do game at any of the Games aforesaid, or for the reimbursing or repaying any Money, or other valuable thing knowingly lent or advanced for such Gaming or Betting, as aforesaid, or lent or advanced, at the Time and Place of llich Play, to any Person or Persons lo gaming or betting, as aforesaid, or that shall, during such Play, so play or bett, shall be utterly void, frustrate, and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. above™ 'i°SatS •‘^ND further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and

onetime,"mayafter Publication of this Act, any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall at Mon'hs rec2 any Time or Sitting, by playing at Cards, Dice, Tables, or other Game or ver the lame Games whatsoever, or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do play o^the Win- at any of the Games aforesaid, lese to any one or more Person or Persons, 1b playing or betting, in the whole the Sum or Value of Five Pounds current Money of this Island, and shall pay or deliver the fame, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons so losing, and paying or delivering the fame, shall be at Liberty, within three Months then next, to file for, and recover the Money or Goods so loft, and paid or delivered, or any Part thereof, from the relpe-dtive Winner and Winners thereof, with full Costs of Suit, as in Jury-actions, by Action of Debt, founded upon this Act, to be prosecuted in the Court of Common-pleas of the Precinct where the Defendants live j in which Actions or Suits no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; in which Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiffs to alledge, that the Defendant or Defendants are indebted to the Plaintiffs, or received to the Plaintiff’s Use the Monies so loft, and paid, or converted the Goods won of the Plaintiffs to the Defendant’s Use, whereby the Plaintiff’s Action accrued to him, according to the Form of this Statute, without setting forth the Special Matter: And in case the Person or Persons who shall lose such Money, or other thing, as aforesaid, shall not, within the Time aforesaid, really, and bona fide, and without Covin or Collusion, foe, and with Effect prosecute for the Money, or other thing, so by him or them loft, and paid or delivered, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, by any such Action or Suit, as aforesaid, to foe for, and recover the lame, and treble the Value thereof, with Costs of Suit against such Winner or Winners, as aforesaid j the one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person or Persons that will foe for the lame; and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

III. And for the better Discovery of the Monies, or other thing so won, and to be foed for and recovered, as aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the wfco. is to Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person or Persons, who by virtue of - Oitu'to any1 this present Act shall or may be liable to be sued for the lame, shall be obliged f'ainst'him'*1 an<^ compellable to answer upon Oath such Bill or Bills as shall be preferred aga im. again^ him or them, for discovering the Sum and Sums of Money, or other thing lb won at Play, as aforesaid.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

371

IV. Provided always, and be it nevertheless enacted by the Authority r~—*-----»

aforesaid, That upon the Discovery and Repayment of the Money, or other t 1729-thing so to be recovered and repaid, as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall so discover and repay the fame, as aforesaid, shall be acquitted, indemni- mei.c of chi: fjed, and discharged from any further or other Punishment, Forfeiture, or Pe- be

nalty, which he or they may have incurred by the playing for, or winning such from lurcher Money, or other thing so discovered and repaid, as aforesaid. I’umihmcnr.

V. And for the preventing of such Quarrels as shall and may happen upon the account of Gaming, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Penalty ot in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault and beat, or shall chal- uacn'che"ac-lenge or provoke to fight, any other Person or Persons whatsoever, upon ac- cuur.: of Gam-count of any Money, or other valuable thing won by gaming, playing, or'ns‘ betting at any of the Games aforesaid j such Person or Persons assaulting and beating, or challenging or provoking to fight, such other Person or Persons upon the Account aforesaid, shall, being thereof convicted upon an Indictment or Information, to be exhibited against him or them for that Purpose, forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successfors, the Sum of Twenty Pounds current Money of this Island; or in Default of Payment thereof, suffer Three Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize, in the common Gaol of this Island.

An Act for laying an Im or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for Payment of such Persons as are or shall he employed at the Publick Charge, and for such other Publick Uses as are herein appointed.

1730.• JI2° <587.

Expired.

An Act for the Punishment of run away Slaves, and of Slaves 'who shall 'wilfully entertain, harbour, and conceal any run-away Slaves.

173 !• 688.

WHEREAS divers Negroes, and other Slaves, do often run away and absent themselves from the Service of their Owners, and are wilfully entertained, harboured, and concealed by other Slaves, to the great Detriment of the Owners of such run-away Slaves, and to the grievous Mischief of the Inhabitants of this Island in general; be it therefore enacted by the Honourable Samuel Barwick Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guar-deloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Negro, or other Slave, shall hereafter wilfully entertain, harbour, and

I 1 1 conceal

37*

Penalty on Slaves running away, and on Slaves encertaining them.

Justices to issue Warrants lor appre-heiniiiK runaway Slaves, &>c.

No other Warrant to be executed at the same time.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

conceal any run-away Slave, and shall be thereof adjudged guilty by any Justice of the Peace, upon Confection or Proof; such Negro, or other Slave lo offending, as also every Negro, or other Slave so run away, wilfully entertained, harboured, and concealed, and thereof adjudged guilty in manner aforesaid, flrall, severally, for such first Offence, receive One and twenty Ladies on their bare Backs; and for the second Offence of the fame Nature, every such Negro, or other Slave so severally offending, shall receive Thirty and nine Ladies on the bare Back; and for the third Offence of the fame Nature, every Negro, or other Slave so severally offending, shall receive Thirty and nine Ladies on the bare Back, and be branded in the right Cheek with a hot Iron, marked with the Letter (R) and for every other Offence of the lame Nature afterwards, every such Negro, or other Slave so offending, shall be punished at the Dil'cretion of the Justice, Life and Limb excepted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Publication hereof, it diall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace within this Island, and every Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint and Oath to him made, that any Negroes, or other Slaves are run away, and have absented themselves from the Service of their Owners, and at the Request of such Owners, or their Attornies, and not otherwise, to issue a Warrant to such Owners, or their Attornies, or to some discreet Person or Persons, to be recommended for that Puropfe by such Owners, or their Attornies, and to be approved of by such Justice, to search for, and apprehend all such run-away Slaves, as allb all such Negroes, or other Slaves, as the said Complainants shall have just Cause to suspect to be guilty of wilfully entertaining, harbouring, and concealing such run-away Slaves, and them to bring before such Justice, to be dealt with according to the Directions of this Act for such their Offences j and the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaints, and to give Judgement thereupon against any Negro, or other Slave, that shall be by him adjudged guilty of any the Offences aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act; and of all such Complaints, and the Proceedings thereon, the said Justice shall make Record; and every such Person to whom such Warrant shall be directed, is hereby authorized and impowered to raise and arm any Number of Men, not exceeding Ten, to assist him in the Execution of such Warrant.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person to whom such Warrant shall be directed, shall not at the Time of the executing of the said Warrant, execute any other Warrant or Writ, nor be aiding, abetting, or assisting, nor connive at, assent, or consent to the executing of any other Warrant or Writ at the same Time, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money; to be recovered against such Person by Action of Debt, Plaint, Bill, or Information in any of the Courts of Record in this Island j One Moiety thereof to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty,His Heirs and Successors; and the other Moiety to the Party aggrieved, who is hereby impowered to sue for the fame in manner aforesaid.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

373

yin AB for laying an Im or Duty on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported into this Island, in order to raise Money for Payment of such Persons as are or shall he employed at the Publick Charge, and for such other Publick Uses as are herein appointed.

173r*

B° <589.

Expired.

.1

yin AB for Limitation of Actions, and avoiding of Suits $ and for the better securing to the Inhabitants of this Island the peaceable Pofef-jion of their E/lates.

WHEREAS Complaints have often, and more especially of late, been made by many of the Inhabitants of this Eland, who have already suffered, and others, who are in Danger of suffering, through the unjust Pretensions of ill-minded and avaricious People setting up a Right, and laying Claim to Mortgages, Judgements, Executions, Decrees, Legacies, Bonds, and other Specialties of very old Dates, which may well be preftimed to have been fairly and honestly discharged in fb great a Length of Time, without any Demand made, or Interest received for the fame; but by reason of the known Deficiency of our publick Offices, the want of having entred Satisfaction cn the Records (which till of late Years has not been usual here) the Lois of Receipts, and other Vouchers, by Fire, Hurricanes, and the pernicious Vermine peculiar to this Place, the Persons, against whom such Pretensions have been let up, were and are altogether unable to make out or produce such Difi-charges; and therefore some have already been forced, and others may be liable hereafter to pay a feeond time what had and has been already paid off and discharged, either by themselves, or their Ancestors : And whereas such Complaints appear to be with good Foundation, as well for the Reasons aforesaid, as on account of People’s frequently felling and disposing of their Estates here, and removing to other Parts of the World j by means whereof, and of the Death of former Proprietors (who best knew their Titles) real, and bona fide., such Purchasers oftentimes, as well as rightful Heirs, who thought they were in Possession of clear Estates, have on the contrary found themselves much involved in Law-luits, and other Troubles, to their great Loss, if not to the utter Ruin of their Families: And whereas all real Estates, and Estates of Inheritance, are by the Laws of this Island made subject to the Payment of Debts, and liable to be extended on Judgements or Decrees obtained for the feme, equally with Chattels and Personatties, according t-o due Interests which the respective Debtors have therein, whereby {the Calamity aforesaid, or the Fear of it, may in some measure become universal, and does consequently call for a speedy Relief j and in regard it is highly necessary, as well for securing and confirming the Titles of the Inhabitants of this Eland to their Estates, and for the quieting them in the Possession thereof, as in order to encourage others to purchase and reside amongst us: To the end therefore that the Grievances aforesaid may for the future be redrefied, the ill Consequences so much feared, prevented.

374

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

1732-

Bonds, &c not pro<<-cuted mioYearj void.

Not to asse<3

the Right ot

Femes-covert &(•

[Proviso.]

vented, and the Benefits proposed entirely effected, be it enacted and ordained by the Honourable Samuel Banvick Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Quardehnip, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication hereof, all Mort-, gages. Judgements, Executions (which Writs, according to the Form here, are not returnable) Decrees, Legacies, Bonds, and other Specialties, of what kind soever (except such as are in their Nature future, and contingent) being, or which shall hereafter be of Twenty Years {landing, to be computed from their respective Dates, if payable immediately, otherwise from the Day any such Debt or Duty is payable; and where no Suit hath been prosecuted for Recovery thereof, nor any Interest, or other Sum or Sums of Money paid or received, or other Satisfaction made on account thereof, during the said Time, shall be deemed and adjudged, as they are hereby declared, absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and such Debt or Duty shall become wholly discharged -3 for which End and Purpose this Act shall and may be pleaded in bar to, or given in Evidence in any Action or Suit which shall hereafter be commenced and prosecuted for such pretended Debt, Duty, or Demand, and the same shall be allowed of accordingly in all and every the Courts of Law or Equity, or other Judicature within this Wand.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That , nothing herein contained, shall be construed to bar the Right or Remedy of any Person or Persons, who shall be a Feme-covert, or within the Age of One and twenty Years, Noji compos mentis, or in Prison, or beyond the Seas, or his, her, or their legal Representatives, so as he, she, or they shall commence and prosecute his, her, or their respective Actions or Suits within Two Years next after their respective Disability shall be removed.

III. And also provided. That if the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Negroes, having a Right to, or Interest in any Judgement or Decree affecting the fame Estate, shall be minded to keep it on foot, or hath already so done for longer than Twenty Years, with Intent only to protect his or their own Title to such Purchase;. he or they, and their legal Representatives, shall at all times be at Liberty to make use of the fame, to all legal or equitable Purposes, for the Support, Defence, or Maintenance of his Right and Title to such Estate, in such manner as he might have done in case this Act or Statute had never been made; saving to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, all Right, Title, and Claim to all Debts, Duties, or Demands whatsoever; any thing herein contained to file contrary notwithstanding.

i&° 691. An Act for making Provision for the Reception and Accommodation of h« had in fa nmour tjje President at Great Pilgrims, and defraying the Expences of his Residence there.

BBeQ.

Jbi

‘the LAWS of B ARB ADOES.

375

1733*

An Act for the better Support of his Excellency, and the Dignity of the Empire a?2'

Government of this Island.

ilt.

•'.5

mM

An Act to regulate and ascertain the Election, Manner of accounting[, &° 69V Powers, and Proceedings of Church-wardens.

WHEREAS several good and wholesom Laws have been made and provided for the fair and honed Collection and Disbursement of the parochial Rates and Taxes, annually laid upon Land, Houses, Trade, personal Eftutes, and the Inhabitants of the several Parishes in this Island, for the Maintenance of the Poor, Support of the Clergy, Reparation of Churches and Church-yards, and defraying other parochial Expences j notwithstanding which, many Frauds and Abuses continue dill to be committed and practised in the collecting and disbursing of such Rates and Taxes, insomuch, as that the Title of Lands and Houses belonging to Orphans, or Persons beyond Sea, are frequently aliened by fraudulent Sales for parochial Dues, at very low and under Rates; Church-wardens, after having collected large Sums of Money, do often convert the same to their own Use, and afterwards prove insolvent; and great Partiality as well as Negligence is also practised in the Collection,' by a rigorous Exaction of the parochial Dues from some, whilst others a're permitted, out of Favour, or because their respective Rates are small, to run several Years together in arrear, in which time many of the Persons from whom such Arrears are due, either prove insolvent, or remove themselves, with their EfFects, from this Island, whereby the said Arrears are left to the Parish, and the Parish at the lame time, for want of a due Collection, is obliged to allow Interest to Persons who have advanced their own Money to discharge the prei-sing parochial Charges, which necessarily occasions greater Rates and Taxes the succeeding Years, than otherwise would have been; for remedy of which, and many other Inconveniencies, be it enacted by his Excellency the Right Honourable Scroop Viscount Howe, Baron of Cleonelly, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island^ and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof, the Vestry of each Parish shall, Vestry on the Five and twentieth Day of March in every Year, or at the first Meet- churth* \ ing, which shall always be in Twenty one Days next after the said Twenty warden an* fifth Day of March, meet, and make choice of some honed substantial Inha- nu* y’ bitant, to be Church-warden for the then enfoing Year, to cpntinue in the said Office till the Five and twentieth Day of March following, and no longer; and the Vestrymen of the Parish of St. Michael shall, within Two Days, cause Notice to be given to the Person so elected, either in Person, or by a Note in Writing, to be left by some white Man’ at his usual Place of Abode, of his being so elected, and also of the Time and Place when and where they will attend to receive the Security herein after required, so the end that he may

K k k provide

37<S

•The LAWSof BARBADOES.

Perfotn exempted. Church.ward

Fertalty on neglecting.

provide the lame accordingly: Provided always, That r.o Phys.cian or Apothecary, keeping Shop in either of the Towns of St. Michael or Speights, or any Custom-house Officer, shall be liable to be elected, without his Consent firifc had and obtained.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person euiitv.8"6 Se"^° elected to be Church-warden for the Parish of St. Michael, after Notice had,

as aforesaid, shall, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Vestry, attend with Two good and sufficient Securities, to be approved of by the said Vestry of St. Michael, to be jointly and severally bound in a Penal Bond for the Sum agreed upon by the Vestry, which is not to exceed double of what they shall compute the Collection that Year will amount to; which Bond shall be made payable to such Person or Persons in trust, as the said Vestrymen shall judge proper, conditioned for the honest accounting and paying all Monies that the said Person shall receive, or is chargeable with as Church-warden, in the Manner herein after directed, or to that Purpose and EfFect.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Person so elected for the said Parish of St. Michael, shall neglect or refuse to attend with such Security, and enter into such Bond, as aforeliud; that then, and in such Case, the said Vestry shall forthwith, or at any iubfe-quest Meeting, without Loss of Time, proceed to the Election of another Person, to be Church-warden of the said Parish of St. Michael for that Year, who shall be in like manner obliged to provide and enter into such Security, as aforesaid; and upon his Neglect or Refusal so to do, the Vestry of the said Parish of St. Michael are hereby impowered from time to time, to proceed in the Manner aforesaid, until a Person shall be elected who will enter into such Security > and every Person lo eleCled, but refuling or neglecting to attend wkh such Security,: and enter into such Bond, shall incur the Penalty and Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds current Money, for the Ul'e of the Parish; as also every Church-warden to be chosen in every other Parish, who shall neglect or refuse to act in the said Office on Notice of his being chosen, as aforesaid;, shall forfeit the like Sum of Twenty Pounds, for the Use of such Parish; and in such Case the Vestry to proceed in the Choice of another, till the said Office shall be filled, as for the Parish of St. Michael is provided; the said Penalties to be filed for and recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record in this Hland, by the next acting Church-warden, who is impowered and required to sue for the feme, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds; to be feed for by his immediate Successor, who is also impowered and required in

?rdviso. like manner to sue for the feme: Provided always, That if any of the Persons fp to be chosen, shall offer such Reasons to the said Vestry for his declining of the said Office, as they shall approve of; that then, and in such Case, the said Vestry shall excuse him from the said Penalty, and from executing the said Office, and so proceed to another Choice; and so from time to time, until a ‘ Church-warden shall be chosen and qualified, as aforesaid.

Provision TV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Church-*r»rd- Church-warden shall, during the Time of such Church-wardenship, die, or teave'efi °r t^ePa-t tk*s Mand; that then, and ip such Case, the Vestry shall forthwith, or as iVe Toon as may be, make Choice of another Church-warden for the remaining Part of the said Year, who is to be elected, and (if for the Parish of St. Afi-ehael) to enter into Security in the Manner, and under the Penalty aforesaid > and the Executors or Administrators, or Attorney of such Church-warden so dead, or absent from this Island, shall be, and they are hereby required, within Three Months, to account in the Mapper which Church-wardens themselves are herein after, appointed to account.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after any parochial Rates, Taxes, or Levies are confirmed in the usual Manner by the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council, the Church-warden is hereby

The L AJTS of BARBA DOES.

377

by impowered, by himself, or any Person or Persons under his Hand and Seal i— thereunto authorized, to levy all such Rates, Taxes, Monies, Dues, and Duties, *733* , upon any Person. or Persons who has refilled to pay the same, by Distress and D'‘^for Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels (Negroes, and the Moveables of all Non-payment Windmills, and the Utensils of a boiling House, and Sugar-work excepted)ot Taxss* of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the same, and may detain and keep the fame, until such Rates, Taxes, or Duties, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons so distraining. Twenty Days after such Distress made and taken, to fell the Goods so taken and distrained for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame, in such Manner as is always appointed for the Sale of Goods levied on for Servants Wages: Provided, That no more shall be taken and distrained on, than what shall be reasonably sufficient to answer the Purposos aforesaid; and if, after a due Regard being had to that, any Overplus should remain, the same shall be returned to the Owner, on Demand; but if any Person or Persons on whom any Tax is laid (not being for Lands, Houses, or Tenements) shall conceal his Goods and Chattels, so as the Church-warden cannot find sufficient to answer the said Tax; then, and in every such Case, the Church-warden shall be, and is hereby impowered and required to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, till he, she, or they shall bring forth Goods or Chattels sufficient, and liable to the said Tax, or otherwise pay and discharge the fame, unless such Person or Persons, upon Application to the Vestry, shall be exeufed and acquitted of his, her, or their Tax or Taxes.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Church-ward-said Church-warden shall neglect to proceed against any Person or Persons, from t6"proceed a!8 whom any parochial Rate, Tax, or Levy is due, according to the Power gWt erson* herein given him, by means whereof any Arrearages shall remain uncolledted'"""fabie at the Expiration of the Year; that then, and in all such Cases, the said with tue Ar-Church-warden shall himself be liable thereto, and chargeable therewith, as if rcira8e*

he had actually received and collected the same.

VII. And to prevent the many feandalous Frauds committed in the Alienation of the Titles of Lands and Houses, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Lands, Tenements, or Houses, from which any Rates,

Taxes, or Arrearages are or shall be due, shall be suffered to lie waste, or un- untenjnte£ tenanted, or be without sufficient Goods and Chattels on the Premifies, liable to men^of^Ar-such Distress, as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, the Church-warden is rears, hereby impowered, with the Consent of the Vestry, to lease out, if he can,

the said Lands, Tenements, or Houses, for as long a Term as the Rent agreed for will pay off and discharge the said Arrears as near as can be computed, and until the Crop that shall be planted on Land, dufing such Term, can be reaped, provided the said Term, or Lease do not exceed the Space of Three Years; and the Surplusage of the Rent, if any should happen, after such a Computation, as aforesaid, shall be paid on Demand to the Owner of such Lands, Tenements, or Houses.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Church-warden for the Time being shall, and he is hereby impowered and which the V«-required to collect all Arrears which the Vestry. shall deliver him a List of, in JV? ^Lift8* the same Manner, and with the fame Authorities, and under the fame Penal- in the fame ties, as are herein before directed for the Collection of the annual Rates, Taxes,

or Dues laid and confirmed, as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Church- Allowance to warden of the Parish of St. Mubael for the Time being, shall, for his Pains,^"for uleir" Care, and Trouble, in the faithful and honest Discharge of his Office, be in- Trouble, titled unto, and retain to himself. Six Pounds per Cent, and no more, out of all parochial Monies, Rates, Taxes, and Dues which he shall collect or get in

(excepting

378 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

(excepting Balances paid over by former Church-wardens) and may also pay out of the parochial Monies, Rates, Taxes, and Dues, which he Avail collect and get in, to a Book-keeper, to be nominated and appointed by the Vestry, any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum, for his the said Book-keeper’s Trouble and Pains in entring into a fair Journal, and polling into a fair Ledger, all Persons Accounts what foe ver, who have any Dealings with the said Parish, or are charged with any Rates or Taxes; and that no other Churchwarden shall receive, or be allowed for his Pains, Care, and Trouble, in the Discharge of his Office, more than at and after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, for all parochial Monies, Rates, Taxes, and Dues, which he shall collect or get in, excepting Balances paid over by former Church-wardens, as aforesaid.

X. And whereas Church-wardens have frequently kept large Sums of the Parish Money in their Hands for many Months together, after they have collected it, whilst the Parish at the same Time is paying Interest to the Persons to whom it is indebted; for remedy of which Mischief for the future, be it Clmfe too- enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every present, and all future Church-wlrdens'lo ’wardens shall, within Twenty Days after the Expiration of their Office, deliver account. to the Vestryman first named in the Parish Books that Year, fair, particular, and exact Accounts, by way of Debtor and Creditor, of all and every the Monies and parochial Dues by him collected and disbursed, as also a List, ligned with his Hand, of all and every particular and distinct Sum in arrears then out-Handing; and the said Vestryman first named in the Parish Books, is hereby required, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by the Churchwarden for the Time being, in the Manner aforesaid, for the Use of the Parish, to cause the Vestry to be convened, either by Summons, or publick Notice in Church, in Time of Divine Service, within Fourteen Days after the receipt of such Account, and to deliver the same to the Vestry, or to so many of them as shall meet; and the said Church-warden shall also, at the Time and Place, and at all other Times and Places appointed by the said Vestry (due Notice of the said Time and Place being given him) attend them with his Vouchers; and the said Vestry are hereby required and impowered to audite, state, settle, and adjust all Accounts between the Parish and the said Churchwarden, and to adjourn from time to time, until they bring the said Accounts to a Balance, which they are to do within the Space of Two Months after their first Meeting; and in case the said Vestry shall refuse or neglect to meet and adjourn, as aforesaid, whereby the said Church-warden’s Accounts shall not be brought to a Balance within the said Space of Two Months; then, and in such Case, every Vestryman so refilling or neglecting to meet, or meeting, to attend all the Time of the Sitting of the said Vestry, without a lawful Ex-cufe to be allowed of - by the Majority of the Vestry, shall incur the Forfeiture and Penalty of Twenty Pounds; to be recovered for the Parish Use, by Action of Debt, to be brought in any Court of Record, as aforesaid, by the Church-warden for the Time being, who is hereby required and impowered, within the Space of Two Months after such Forfeiture incurred, under the like Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to sue for the fame; the Penalty on the Churchwarden so refilling to do his Duty in this respect, to be filed for and recovered in like manner by his immediate Successor only: And in case the said Churchwarden shall neglect or refuse to perform all or any the Things hereby required of him, in order to his accounting, as aforesaid, whereby the Vestry cannot within the Time aforesaid adjust all Accounts between the Parish and the Church-warden j then the said Vestry shall, and they, or the major Part of any Quorum of them, are hereby required and impowered forthwith, after the Expiration of the Time aforesaid, to charge the said Church-warden with the whole Levy and Arrears, and other parochial Dues which he ought or might have collected, without his wilful Default, and (after giving him Credit for

what

i°t- Ter Annum to be paid to a Book-keeper.

’The LAWS of BARBADOES. 379

what they know him to have disbursed by Order of the said Vestry, or in Defence of any vexatious Suit, which may happen to be brought or commenced against him, for or upon account of his said Office) to bring the Account between the Parish and such Church-warden to an Adjustment, and to ascertain the Balance thereof; and in case upon such accounting and ascertaining any Balance by the Vestry, there shall be a Balance found due to the said Churchwarden, the same shall be paid by the succeeding Church-warden, out of the first Money he shall receive, together with Interest for the lame from the Day of Settlement, without any further or other Order than this Law; and in case the Balance shall be found due to the Parish from the said Church-warden, the same shall be paid as the Vestry shall direct, with Interest also from the said Day of settling; and in case the Church-warden shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, together with the Interest thereof, as directed and appointed by the Vestry, the Church-warden for the Time being is hereby impowered and required (under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and all Damages that the Parish shall sustain by such Neglect or Refufil, to be recovered by any succceding Church-warden, for the Use of the Parish, in any Court of Record, as above directed) to levy the lame within One Month after such Balance is ascertained, by Distress and Sale, in the Manner herein before appointed for parochial Taxes, upon any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Church-warden.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Church-warden Clmrch-wjrd-

j j ' j ensaggrievea,

shall apprehend himself injured or aggrieved in the Manner of accounting, as may appeal to aforesaid, with any Vestry, that then he shall be, and is hereby intitled to an Appeal to the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, fitting in Council; and the said Governor, or Commander in Chief is humbly desired, upon the Petition of such Church-warden, or any of his Securities, and on his or their giving Security as upon Writs of Error brought upon Judgements at common Law, to grant an Order upon such Petition, therein and thereby requiring the said Vestry to transmit fair Copies of all Minutes, Writings, Papers, and Accounts any ways relating to the said Church-warden; and shall have, and hereby has full Power and Authority to summon and call before him in Council such Witnesses as shall be thought necessary; and the said Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and Council, are hereby authorized and impowered to hear, adjudge, and finally determine all Matters in difference between the Church-warden and the Parish, and to settle, ascertain, and adjust the Balances of all Accounts, and to order or refuse Costs on either Side, as they shall see proper, according to the Nature and Circumstances of the Cafe; which Balance, Interest, and Costs, if awarded against the Churchwarden, shall be raised by the Church-warden for the Time being, in like manner as the Rates, Taxes, and Dues are hereby directed to be raised j that is to say, by Distress, to be begun and made within One Month after such final Determination, and the further Proceedings to follow as are herein before provided j but if the Church-warden for the Time being cannot find Goods and Chattels of the Church-warden from whom any Balance shall be found due, liable and sufficient to satisfy the whole Balance, Interest, Costs, and Charges, then, and in such Case, the said Security-bond for the Parish of St. Michael, shall be sued in any Court of Record in this Island, and Judgement taken thereon for no more than what is sufficient to secure the Balance, Interest,

Costs, and Charges due to the Parish, and the Security-bond shall be delivered up, and cancelled, on the Church-warden, or his Securities having accounted and paid over the Balance found due, with Interest, Costs, and Charges, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act 3 but if the said Balance,

Interest, or Costs, shall be found due from the Parish to the Church-warden, the same shall be paid, as aforesaid, by the Church-warden for the Time being, out of any Parish Money he may then have in his Hands, or out of the

L 1 1 very

380

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

very first Money he shall receive, prior to all Debts wh'atsoever, without any further or other Order than this Law.

J XII. And whereas several former Church-wardens have hitherto neglected

be it enacted by the Au-

to. account for the Parish Monies by them received.

Church ard twenty aforesaid, That every Person who has been a Church-warden of any ens obliged to Parish of this Island since the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixteen.

account.

and who has not already adjusted his Accounts with the Vestry, or, if ad i tilled, has not paid over his Balance as the said Vestry have ordered, and the Executors or Administrators of every Inch Person, who has so been Church-warden, shall be obliged, and they are hereby required, within the Space of Three Months after Publication hereof, and every Person who now is Church-warden, within One Month after being out of Office, to account with the Vestry in the Manner, and under the Penalties future Church-wardens are herein before directed and subjceded unto, with the Benefit also, if need be, of appealing to the Governor and Council, as afore laid: And in case any Person, who now is, or who has been at any Time Church-warden since the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixteen, or the Executors or Administrators of lirch Person, shall neglect to pay over the Balance that shall be awarded against him or them, the Goods and Chattels of such Person, who now is or has been so Church-warden, shall be liable to be distrained, and sold by the Churchwarden for the Time being, in manner aforesaid, for Satisfaction of such Balance j and for want of Goods and Chattels sufficient, the Lands and Negroes of such Person, who has been so Church-warden, or so much of them as .will satisfy the Balance due from him to the Parish, shall be subject and liable to be attached, levied upon, and appraised by Five of the ablelt Freeholders of the Parish, for that Purpose to be summoned and sworn by the Churchwarden, to make a true, just, and conscionable Appraisment thereof: And in case the Church-warden for the Time being shall neglect or refuse to do and execute all and every the Matters and Things which he is hereby impowered, required, and directed to do, then he fit all forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

, and be liable to make good all Damages and Lofibs the Parish shall sustain by such his Neglect or Refusal; which Forfeiture, Damages, and Losses the next succeeding Church-warden is hereby impowered and required to sue for, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, in any Court of Record within this Island, and the fame Action to bring to Judgement and Execution, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be charged to his Account, as aforesaid, by the Vestry.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time any Land or Negroes shall be so appraised to the Parish, or to the Church-warden, for the beicid by the XJfe of the Parish; the Church-warden for the Time being, by and with the fn.UrC,J"ward'Direction and Consent of the Vestry, is hereby impowered to alien and fell, or otherwise dispose of the lame.

[Publick Act.]

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and be judicially taken notice of as such in the several Courts, and elsewhere in this Island, by all Judges and Justices, and other Persons whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the third, and fourth Clauses of an Act of this Island, dated the Thirteenth Day of March, One thousand six hundred and forty eight, intituled, An API giving Power to Churchwardens to make Sale of Lands, Sec. and concerning Surplus of Land within old Bounds, &c. and lb much of the first and second Clauses of One other Act of this Island, passed the Fifteenth Day of March, One thousand fix hundrefi and seventy fix, inti-also 114. tuled, AnASl appointing the Sale iji open Market of LffePls attached for the Ex-- cife, the Parish Dues, and Servants Wages, as relate tq the Sale of Eff^dts at-

tached for Parish Dues j and also One other Act, of this Island, bearing Date the Seventh Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and twenty, intituled, and N«ff47* An Act to oblige Churchwardens to account for Monies received, and for the better

lands, &c. appraised to tly: ranfh, to

Clauses in 3 former Acts repealed. Vide N° 4.

7he LAWS of BARBADOES. 381

ter regulating the Sale of Lands and Houses, for the Payment of parochial Duties >—-----

in arrear, be repealed, and they are hereby repealed accordingly. 173 3*

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of penal,j how the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby to be incurred, is, are, and shall be to to bcmpiioJ. the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to and for the

Uses herein beforementioned.

XVII. Provided always nevertheless. That this Act shall not be of Force,I rov'foot take Eftedl, till His Majesty's Pleasure shall be known concerning the same.

./hi /IB for the letter governing of Negroes; and the more effectual MQ eyyi. preventing the Inhabitants of this Island jrom employing their Negroes, or other Slaves, in Selling or Bartering,

WHERE AS several good and wholefbm Laws have been made and provided for the Government of Negroes in this Island, and to prevent the Inhabitants from employing their own, or other Negroes or Slaves, in Selling or Bartering; which Laws, if duly put in Execution, would redound to the great Advantage and Benefit of the People of this Island, and prevent many Felonies, and other Crimes and Abuses daily committed by Negroes, and other Slaves, to the great Impoverishment, Loss, and Damage of the Inhabitants:

For the better Execution therefore of the said Laws, and to prevent such Enormities and Abuses for the future, be it enacted by his Excellency the Right Honourable Scroop Viscount Howe, Baron of Cleonelly, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Blands to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all or any of His Majesty’s. Justices of the Peace within this Island, ti’0 oovem-and they are hereby required respectively, to put the said Laws forthwith in Execution against all and every Person offending, against: the fame, particularly the Act or Statute, bearing Date, the Eighth Day of August, One thousand six hundred eighty eight, intituled, An Add for the governing of Negroes; and Vide }io-One other Act, bearing Date the Sixth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and eight, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Inhabitants of this Island aild Na5$J-frotn employing their Negroes, or other Slaves, in Selling or Bartering.

II. And to the end that. greater and better Notice may for the Time to come be had and taken of the said Acts or Statutes, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rectors, or officiating Ministers of Mimften to the respective Parishes within this Island for the Time being, shall, and they torme^'and are hereby required (under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to His Majesty, to be act, to be recovered against him or them negl^dling his or their Duty, by Action of Debt, thC,r in any of His Majesty's Courts of .Record in this Island, to be commenced and churches prosecuted by any Person. that will sue for the fame) to cause the said Acts or yejrly' Statutes, together with this Act (a Copy .whereof, for that Purpose, the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes within this Island for the .Time being shall, and they ar© hereby required, under the like Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be

recovered

38a

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

V

"V

Any Goods jiul.e CuRody of Negroes, or exposed ro Sale ly \vh:;e I’etions, (u-lpec cj 10 Be liolcn, may be seized, and, if Satis. taction be net given abcut them, forfeited to t! c Uie of the Gaol.

recovered in the like Manner, and to the same Uses as the said Penalty on Rectors, and officiating Ministers, to provide and fend annually to the said Rectors, or officiating Ministers) to be openly read in Church immediately after Divine Service, on the second Sunday in January yearly; or, in case there should be no Service on the second Sunday aforesaid, then on the first Sunday after, on which there shall be Divine Service; One Half of the said Penalties to be for the Informer, and the other Half for the Use of the Poor of each Parish where such Neglect shall happen.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Publication of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Constable within this Island, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks of the Market for the Time being, his or their Deputy or Deputies, who shall have taken the Oath appointed to be taken in and by the said last mentioned Act, and to and for every other Person whatl'oever, to seize and apprehend all such Negroes, and other Slaves, in whose Custody he or they shall find any Sugar Canes, whole or in Pieces, Miji'o-vado or other Sugar, Syrup, Rum, or Melasses, Cotton, Ginger, Corn, or Grain of any kind, Plate, wrought or melted down. Iron, Lead, Copper, Pewter, Brass, Tin, or other Goods, of what Nature or Quality soever; and likewise to seize and take from such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, all such Goods as shall be so found in his or their Custody, and the said Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, together with such Goods, to carry before the next or neighbouring Justice of the Peace, before whom, if sufficient Proof shall not be made to his Satisfaction, that the lame Goods were delivered or sent by the Mailer or Millrefs of such Negro, or other Slave, or by such as shall act under him or her, to be sold, or otherwise disposed of for his or her Use, and with a Ticket for that Purpose, and under the lame Restrictions, Directions, and Appointments, as by the said former Laws, or either of them, is required and enacted, the said Goods, and every of them, shall be adjudged forfeited; and thereupon, the fame, or so much thereof as the said Justice in his Discretion shall think fit, shall by such Justice be forthwith sent to the common Gaol of this Island, there to be distributed or disposed of among the Prisoners in Gaol, as the Provoll-marshal, or his Deputy, having a just Regard to the Poverty and Circumstances of each Prisoner, shall in his Discretion think fit and reasonable: And in case any of the aforementioned Goods, which shall be suspected to have been llolen, shall be found in the Custody or keeping of any white Person, or that the same shall be found felling or exposed to Sale at any Door, Window, or other Place in any of the Towns of this Island, or in or near the Roads leading thereto, the same shall and may be also seized upon, or taken by any of the Persons aforesaid, who shall think proper to seize the fame, and in like manner carried to the next or neighbouring Justice of the Peace, before whom, if it shall not appear to his Satisfaction, that the fame, and every Part or Parcel thereof, was legally and honestly come by, or bought from the true, rightful, and lawful Owner, or from some Negro, or other Slave, sufficiently authorized to dispose thereof, as by the said former Laws is directed, all and every such Goods shall likewise be adjudged forfeited j and the Party or Parties claiming the fame, or in whose Custody, Possession, or keeping the fame were found, and every Negro or Slave which shall appear to be any wile concerned in the feme, either by bringing the said Goods, or any of them to Town, or taking upon them to fell, or expose, or offering the same to Sale, shall be proceeded against as in and by the said former Laws, or either of them, or any other Law, Act, or Statute of this Island is directed or appointed; and the Goods so taken and adjudged forfeited, or so much thereof as the said Justice shall think proper, shall in like manner be forthwith sent to die common Gaol, there to be disposed of, as herein before is directed and appointed.

383

The LAWS of B ARBADOES.

IV. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, r-—

That if the true lawful Owner of any Goods lb to be seized, foall appear to 1733-such Justice, before whom the same shall be carried for his Judgement and ' f* Adjudication thereon, and whole Determination concerning the same shall be paring mzo definitive and conclusive to all Parties; then, and in such Case, Restitution a"^eir thereof shall forthwith be made to the rightful Owner or Proprietor of such Ri’giufthe^ Goods, he or she paying any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, as shall by such ^whored-Justice be adjudged reasonable, to the Person or Persons who seized the lame; but in case the Owner or Proprietor of any Plate, or other valuable Goods lo to be seized or taken, may not presently be known, the Justice before whom such Plate, or other valuable Goods shall be carried (the Members of His Majesty's Council excepted, unless they think proper to act) is hereby required (under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered before any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace,- for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef-lors. One Half thereof to the Informer, and the other Half to the Party grieved) to give publick Notice in Writing of such Seizure of such stolen.

Plate, or other valuable Goods,' with the Marks, and best Description thereof that can or may be given; and such Notice in Writing shall, by Nine of the Clock in the Morning of One of the Two next Sundays after such Plate, or other valuable Goods shall be brought or carried to such Justice, be affixed to every Church-door in the respective Parishes of this 111 and, there to remain till after the Sunday following and in the mean time; m. on the Wednesday or ‘ThurJ'day between the Sundays aforesaid, the fame Plate, or other Goods to be described in such Notice, shall be publickly cried between the Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon, in the Towns of St. Michael and Speights, or

Little Bristol; and if in Ten Days after such Notice shall be so affixed, the ^foid^HaT# rightful and lawful Owner of such Plate or Goods shall not appear before such to the inform-

Justice, and make out his or her Claim, Right, or Property thereto, then, and ^» a"dpHl^ not before, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to sell or dispose of such Plate and Goods at publick Outcry in the Market-town in the Precinct, according to the Method used by the Marshals of the Court of Common-pleas;

One Half thereof, after deducting Twenty Shillings for the Care and Trouble of such Justice, in advertising, and crying, and felling of the said valuable Goods, according to the Directions of this Law, for the Use of the Informer; and the other Half to be distributed as aforesaid, or among the Poor of the Parish where such Sale shall be made, or amongst the Prisoners in the common Gaol, and the said Poor, in such Proportions as the said Justice in his Discretion shall think proper; but in case the true, rightful, and lawful Owner shall in the mean time appear before such Justice, by himself, or other Person lawfully authorized thereto, and shall make due Proof of his Right or Property, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, then, and in such Case, Restitution of all such Plate, and other valuable Goods, shall be forthwith made to such Owner or Proprietor claiming the fame, he or she paying Five Skillings to the Informer or Captor of such Plate or Goods, together with Twenty Shillings to such Justice for his Care and Trouble in' the Execution of his Office, and giving such Notice as herein before directed, and causing the lame to be publickly cried, as aforesaid; any thing herein before, or any Law, Custom, or Usage seeming to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it is very inconvenient to the Inhabitants of this Island, elpe-ciaily to the Cotton and Ginger Planters, that Negroes, or other Slaves, should-be at liberty to plant any Quantities of Cotton or Ginger; for that, under Pretence thereof, great Frauds and Felonies are frequently committed, and clandestine Trade, by means thereof, is daily carried on between ill-disposed white Persons, and Negroes, or Slaves j. for prevention whereof for the future, Negroes, £+c, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Pu- n« to plane blication of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Negro, or other Slave, to Gi»g«r,or'

M m m plant.

3» 4

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

*733-

Penalty cn Persons seizing Goods, wirho.ut car. Tying them before a Iu-ftiee.

plant, to his own or other Use than that of his Mailer, any Cotton or Ginger whatsoeverj and that if any Negro, or other Slave, shall be found with any such, or exposing the lame to Sale, such Cotton and Ginger shall be deemed as stolen Goods, and the fame Proceedings, Penalties, and Forfeitules shall be had, made, and prosecuted thereon against such Negro, or other Slave, as in the Cafes herein beforementioned: And any Huckfter, or other Person, who shall be convicted of dealing with, or buying any such Cotton or Ginger from such Negro, or other Slave, shall be subject to the same Penalties and Proceedings as by the said Two last mentioned Acts or Statutes, or any other Act or Statute of this Island touching stolen Goods, or trading with Negroes, or other Slaves, are already inflicted, directed, or appointed; any former Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the Persons aforesaid, who shall ieize or take any of the Goods aforesaid, shall foil or neglect to carry the fame in Two Days after, before the next Justice, as aforesaid, in order to have and receive his Judgement or Determination thereupon; every such Person so oilending, and convicted thereof before such Ju-llice, shall forfeit and pay to the Party grieved any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice; the same to be levied by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Constable, by Distress and Sale of any the Goods or Chattels of the Party offending, as aforesaid, as in case of Servants Wages; and in case Goods of the Party so offending shall not be found, sufficient to satisfy the Sum adjudged against: him; then, and in such Case, the Person so offending shall be apprehended, and conveyed to the common Gaol, there to remain until Satisfaction shall be made to the Party grieved, as in case of Executions from any the Courts of common Law in this Island.

C.lause relat.

VII. Provided also, That if any Negroes, or other Slaves, who shall riages* under have charge of any Waggon, Cart, Cattle, Horses, or Alfes, belonging to their the Care of Master or Mistreis, shall be seized and apprehended in pursuance of this Law, Negroes feiz- thereby such Carriages, Cattle, Horses, or Asses may be detained, to the great Prejudice of their Owners, and more particularly to such as live at great Di-stances from several Towns in this Island, they shall be forthwith discharged, upon reasonable Security being given to such Justice of the Peace, before whom such Negroes, or Slaves shall be brought, that such Negroes, or Saves shall be forthcoming in such Time as such Justice in his Discretion shall think fit and reasonable, or as the Case shall require.

Receivers of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case to’be" roceed- any ft°len Goods shall be found in the Custody of any Person whatsoever, ed against as and that the Person, from whom the lame were stolen, or any other Person, atter^he^aft cannot take upon him to swear or depose against such Person, in whole Custody such Goods were found, as the actual Thief or Stealer thereof j every such Person shall be proceeded against, as Receivers of stolen Goods, knowing the lame to be stolen, are proceeded against in that Part of Great Britain called England j and he or they shall be taken and deemed an Accessary or Accessaries to such Felony, after the Fact, and shall incur the fame Punishment as an Accessary or Accessaries to the Felony, after the Fact committed: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court where such Offence shall be tried, to order and direct Ibch Accessary or Accessaries to be prosecuted as for a Misdemeanor, before the Principal shall be convicted, as to such Court, from the Nature and Circumstances of the Cafe, shall seem proper; and if thereof convicted, shall be punished by Fine and Irnprilbnment, which shall exempt such Offender from being punished as Accessary to the Felony, though the Principal should thereof be afterwards convicted; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in- any wise notwithstanding.

committed.

[Proviso.]

‘The LAPPS of BARBADOES. 385

An Act for the Payment of the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to the 695. Committees of Council and Assembly, appointed to consult and agree up- Effea* u* on proper Measures to defray the Charges of putting His Majestys InstruBions, for publishing his ’Excellencys CommiJJim in His Majestys Islands of St. Lucia, St. Vincent*, Dominico, and Tobago, and the Evacuation of St. Lucia, St. Vincent’*, and Dominico, in execution.

An additional AB to an AB3 intituled, An Act for the better Support 696. of his Excellencyt and the Dignity of the Government of this If and Expired*

An Act for the further, better, and more certain regulating and appoint-

ing the Fees of the several Officers and Courts of this If and ’

An Act for supplying the Deficiency of the Excise, and for raffing Money for other public! Uses.

1734-0° 69S. Expired.

An Act for the more effectual Recovery of certain Arrears due to IBs Mojl Sacred Majesty by virtue of an Act or Statute of this IflMdy hearing Date the Twenty sixth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and twenty two, intituled, An Act for fcpporting the Honour and Dignity of the Government, and for appropriating the same to the Uses herein after mentioned.

An

386 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

r—

J734

3®° 7°o» An Act for preventing clandestine Marriages,

WHEREAS divers Marriages have been clandestinely consummated in this Island without the Knowledge, Content, or Approbation of Parents, and other Relations, to the great Grief of such Parents and Relations, and often to the utter Ruin of the Persons, thereby running themselves into unsuitable Matches 5 be it enacted by his Excellency the Right Honourable Scroop Lord Viscount Howe, Baron of Cleonclly, Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Guardehnp, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Alterably of this Island, and by the Autho-Parfoas ^imej That from and after Publication hereof, every Parson, Cu-

mirrying ‘‘ rate, Minister, or Deacon, or any other Person, who shall marry any Persons Micitionfof whatsoever in this Island without Publication of the Banns of Matrimony be-Banm, or a tween the respective Persons, according to Law, or without Licences first had Licence. and obtained from the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Ordinary of the said Island for the Time being, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling Money of Great Britain, to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; to be recovered by His Majesty's Attorney-general, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record here, and Six Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize, wherein no Essoign, Wager, or Protection of Law shall be allowed; and stich .Forfeiture shall be paid to the Treasurer of this Island, and by him applied to the Uses of the Excise Act for the Time being.

Penalty on

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Pa-Softing there-Clerk or Sexton, or odier Person acting as Parish Clerk or Sexton, who shall knowingly and willingly aid, promote, and assist at such Marriages so celebrated without Banns or Licences, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Five and twenty Pounds current Money.

III. And whereas it has been customary and usual here to marry in private Houses, and not in the Churches; be it further enacted by the Authority Penalty on aforesaid, That whatever Master, Mistress, or Owner of any House, shall at mltUng pri- any time after the Publication hereof, knowingly and willingly permit or suffer yateMarriages Inch clandestine Marriage, as aforesaid, to be celebrated in his or her House, &v.e,r oufes’ or in any Backside, Yard, Garden, or other Place belonging thereto; he or she shall for such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five and twenty Pounds current Money;' which laid Forfeitures shall also be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and be recovered in like manner, and applied to the Uses herein beforementioned.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed

to lessen or take away any Power, Jurisdiction, or Authority, which the Ordinary of this Island may legally have or claim in virtue of the Royal Instructions, or otherwise; but that such Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, do still remain as before: And that the Persons Gable to any Forfeiture by this Act, shall, notwithstanding thereof, or any Conviction thereon, be still subject to the like Process and Proceedings of the said Ordinary, as if the lame had never been made.

An

'The LAWS of BARBA DOES.

387

1734-

An Act for the allowance of Interesl ofi Orders to he iffaed for the Pay- ®h7° went of Monies that pall he due to any P erf on, either for Work Este&-done, or Materials provided for the putting the present Train of Arti-lery at Pilgrims in good Order and sufficient Repair, and finishing \lumbrells, and other Necessaries, for those and such other Guns as pall be added thereto j and for repairing and amending the other principal Forts and Fortifications in this Island.

if if if If iltf ifi? iff* iiif lit? 'v&f

An Act to impower certain Persons therein named, to purchase Pilgrim House 7°2° and Land for the Use of the Publick.

WHERE AS the Lease of Pilgrim House and Land, in the Parish of St.

Michael in this Island, is expired, and the said House and Land have been found, and are judged convenient for the Residence of the Governor, and Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being; and, the Owners of the said House and Land are willing to fell the feme to the Publick for the Sum of One thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds current Money, to be paid down in this Island upon Delivery of the Purchase-deeds, or to be allowed Interest for the said Sum, till the feme shall be fully paid and satisfied; be it therefore enacted by his Excellency Scroop Lord Viscount Howe, Baron of CJeonelly, His Majesty's Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Thomas May- Commission-cock Esquire, and Edward Brace Esquire, the Honourable John Bignall Esquire, to purchase and Thomas Sainthill, and John Lyte Esquires, Members of the General Assembly, or any Three of them, be, and are hereby authorized, enabled, and im- tlence of the powered to purchase the said House and Land from the Owners thereof, for Governor, die Use of the Publick, for the said Sum of One thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid down in this Island upon Delivery of the Purchase-deeds, or Interest to be allowed for the said Sum at and after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, till the feme shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Charges of the Purchase-deeds j and to that end the said Thomas Maycock, Edward Brace, John Bignall, Thomas Sainthill, and John lyte, or any Three of them, are hereby authorized, enabled, and impowered to accept of, and take to themselves and their Heirs, a Grant, Release, or other good and sufficient Sale, Conveyance, or Assurance of the said House and Land from the Owners thereof for ever, to the Use neverthelefe of, and in trust for the Publick of this Island for evermore; and the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, is hereby desired and impowered, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Members of His Majesty's Council, at his next fitting in Council, after the Delivery of the said Purchase-deeds to the Purchasers in this Island, to issue an Order on the Treasurer of this Island

N n n for

388

*The JL A WS of BARBADOES.

The Money and Inter ell to be paid out of the Duties upon Strong-liquors.

[Proviso.]

The laid House exempt ed from parochial Taxes.

for the Time being, for the Payment to the said Owners, or their Attornies, or Order, of the said Purchase-money, and of Intereil for the fame, at the Rate aforesaid, from the Day of the Delivery of the said Purchase-deeds in this Island to the said Purchasers, until the fame be paid, together with the Charges of the said Purchase-deeds (the Day of which Delivery, with the Charges aforesaid, the said Purchasers shall, immediately upon and after the said Delivery, certify under their Hands and Seals to the said Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, in order to obtain such Order, which shall pass at the next immediate Sitting of the Governor, or Commander in Chief ol this Island in Council, after such Certificate made) out of the Monies arising by the Duties on Wines, and other Strong-liquors imported this Island; and the same shall be allowed accordingly to the said Treasurer by the Committee of publick Accounts.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Committee shall have Reason to believe that the said Treasurer might looner have discharged the said Order, whereby the Publick is charged with Intereil thereon for a longer Time than needed; then, and in that Cafe, the said Committee are hereby impowered and required to examine the said Treasurer, or any other Person or Persons, on Oath concerning the lame; and if it shall appear to them, that the Publick is lo charged with Intereil on the said Order for a longer Time than needed; then, and in such Case, the said Committee shall allow to the said Treasurer so much Intereil only on the said Order, as shall appear to have become due thereon before the said Treasurer was enabled to answer and satisfy the fame; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said House and Land shall be, and are hereby exempted from time to time, and at all times after the said intended Purchase thereof shall be made, from all parochial Taxes, and other publick Assessments whatsoever; and the said House and Land shall for ever after be and remain to the Use of the Publick of this Island, for the Residence of the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being.

735* An All the letter to manifest the Gratitude of the People in this Ijlavd Hassid at for the Benefits they received from the jufi and prudent Administration of his late Excellency the Right Honourable Scroop Lord Viscount Howe, Baron of Gleonelly, our deceased Governor y and for enabling and impowering the Treasurer for the Time being to pay a certain Sum of the publick Money to the Right Honourable Maria Sophia Charlottee Viscountess Howe, Widow and Relink of his said late Excellency, for the necessary Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

389

f—

*735-

-"v—

-j

/or the Encouragement of Major Thomas Spencer Esquire, in f^a 7°4-a new ProjeH or Method he has invented in the place and field of Lead on Coppers, being less expenfivey more durable, and convenient than what hath heretofore been used.

An Act impowering the Pejlry of the Parish of St. Joseph to choose a |^rJd05» Church-warden for the said Parish, to continue in the said Office till the Five and twentieth Day of March next.

An Act to provide for the Expences of his Honour the Presidenfs liable, JI3-Q 706. during his Residence at PilgrimV Housey for the Benefit of the Publick. Expire<1,

An Act impowering the Vefiry of the Parish of St. Lucy to choose a /R° 707. Church*warden for the said Parish, to continue in the said Office till the Twenty fifth Day of March next: And also to enable the Vefiries of the several Parishes in this Island to make choice of a Church-ward-ent in case of the Death, or going off this Island of any Church-wardeny before the Tear, for which he is elected, expires.

WHEREAS Thomas Wright Esquire, was on the Twenty fifth Day of March last chosen Church-warden for the said Parish of St. Lucy, but is since gone off this Island to Parts beyond the Seas, there to reside, leaving no Power or Authority to any Person whatsoever in this [ Island ] to execute or act for him in the said Office of Church-warden j by means whereof the parochial Assessment made by the Vefltry of the said Parish for the Payment of the Salaries of their Rector and Clerk, and other Parish Officers, repairing and

upholding

39°

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

upholding the Church, and maintaining their Poor for the current Year, re-*735- mains uncolledted; and the said Rector, Clerk, and Parish Officers are in ' ' J great want of their Salaries, and the Poor of the said Parish are in a starving

Condition : And whereas it has of late frequently happened, that Churchwardens have gone off this Island before the Expiration of their Church-ward-enftiip, whereby the Assessmeny laid on the Parilliioners for the Purposes above-mentioned, cannot be collected, till a particular Law paflesto enable the Vestry to make choice of another in his Head, and which has proved very trouble-some, as well as inconvenient; to prevent which for the future, and that there may be no Delay in the Collection of the Assessment, be it enacted by the Honourable fames Dot tin Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other the Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardehup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Aflenibly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the Vestry of the said Parish of St. Lucy for the Time being, shall, and have hereby full Power and Authority at their next Meeting, to make choice of feme able and substantial Freeholder of the said Parish, to be Church-ward-Where my en t*ere for the Remainder of the current Year, in the room, place, and Head Church-ward-of the said ‘Thomas Wright: And that whenever it shall hereafter happen, the to'dief&v! Church-warden of any Parish in this Island for the current Year shall die, go Vestry to off this Island, or be otherwise incapable to execute the said Office, before the ot’her'for the Expiration of the Time for which he was elected; then, and in every such Remainder of Cafe, the Vestry of the said Parish shall forthwith meet, and choose another e Yeari Freeholder of the said Parish to be Church-warden in the place and stead of such Person so dying, gone off, or disabled from acting for and during the Residue of the said Year: And such Church-war den so to be chosen in the room of the said Thomas Wright, and all others hereafter to be chosen in manner aforesaid, shall have, exercise, and enjoy all and every the Powers and Authorities in as full and ample manner and form, as the other Church-wardens might or could have had, exercised, or enjoyed, in whose stead he or they are elected, had they continued in the said Office; any thing in the Act or Statute of this Vide N« tfy3. Island, intituled, An Act to regidate and ascertain the EleSHon, Manner of accountings Powers, and Proceedings of Church-wardens, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

708. Ain AB appointing Agents for this I fund in Great Britain.

705- An Act for the Encouragement of Thomas Spencer Esquire, in a new 1 ate* ProjeB or Method he has invented for the more easy and expeditious

framing of Liquors for making Sugar and Rum.

An

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

39i

An Act declaring Part of the new Town-house, in the Town of &V. Mi- 710.

chad, to be the common Gaol of this Island $ and impowering the Pro-'vofl-marshal to make use of it as such.

WHEREAS the common Gaol in St. James’s Fort, in the said Town of St. Michael, is become very ruinous and untenable, by means whereof some of the Prisoners confined therein have already broke out, and others are in Danger of escaping, to the great Detriment of the Publick, as well as the Loss of particular Persons: And whereas by virtue, and in pursuance of an Act of this Island, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and twenty five, intituled, An Act for erecting a Magazine at VUe N* tf74; St. Anne’r Castle, and a Town-ball and Gaol in the Town of St. Michael, in the said Island, and certain Proposals thereunto annexed, a Town-house hath been erected in the said Town of St. Michael; Part whereof, viz. the West End thereof, was intended for the common Gaol: To the intent therefore that the said West End of the said Town-house may be made use of by the Provost-marshal, and his Deputies, and all other Officers concerned, as and for the common Gaol of this Island; be it enacted and ordained by the Honourable James Dottin Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and other the Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Guarde-laup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from TheWefl End and after the Publication hereof, the West End of the said new Town-house, Town-hour®, in the Town of St. Michael, so erected and fitted up for a Gaol, as aforesaid, in the Town shall be deemed and used as and for the common Gaol of this Island 3, andbeefed* the Provost-marshal, and his acting Deputy or Deputies, and all others coii- for the Gaol cerned, are hereby authorized and impowered to make use of it as such, and, of the 1 an ! as Opportunity shall offer, carefully to remove the Prisoners from the said old Gaol in St. James’s Fort to the said new Gaol, to be there secured accordingly i any former Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act concerning the surveying of Land in this Island. 71

WHEREAS it has been usual for the Governors here, from time to time, to appoint a Surveyor-general, in whole Commission there has been a Clause requiring the Secretary of this Island^ or his Deputy, to dlqedt all Warrants for surveying of Lands to such Surveyor-general* only, 'who, under colour thereof, has lately ingrafted to himself the whole Bulinefe of Surveying, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the Laws of this Island, and in prejudice, of the Right of every Person to choofo such Surveyor as h^ shalli think proper, to survey and: lay out his own Lands, or such as-do not. belong to the Crowq for remedy whereof for the future, be it-enacted by the Honourable James Dottin Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and

O o o Commander

392

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Persons liav ing occasion to lay out Lands, SA-c. toclioole their

Commander in Chief of this, and other the Carribbce Islands lying and being to Windward of Guardcloup, See. the Honourable tire Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Maud, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after the Publication oi this Act, v/hoeyer shall have Occasion to iurvey or lay out Lands or Houses, may, as of Right, claim from the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time own Survey, being, a Warrant for that Purpose, to be directed to Inch sworn Surveyor (being allowed to practiie) as the Perl'on lb requiring the same shall think fit to nominate: And the Secretary of this Island, or his acting Deputy, is hereby required to give out and direct all Warrants for this end accordingly, on being paid the customary Fee of Seven Shillings and Six Pence for every such Warrant so to be given out; reserving to His Majesty's Surveyor-general all Rights, Privileges, and Advantages whatsoever, of and concerning the Survey of Lands belonging to the Crown; any former Law or Ufige, or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

AtA AtA AtA . AtA,. AtA. A» A. v* A . \tAAT^ AlAAtA^\«.^\Ai^r

icfcc/ box; k'fcc ixix• $cbd‘ XSi'

1736. yjn £or mafofJg farther Pronoifion for the Expences of his Honour ixpired. the Presidenf s Table, during his Residence at Pilgrim House, for the

Benefit of the Publick.

sftMMftMattMMaaoaiStift

IrivaJ1*’ for Encouragement of Thomas Sainthill Esquire, in his

new ProjeEfion of a Machinei for the more expeditiously taking off the outward red Skiny and the inward white Parchment Skin from Coffee.

‘flMfe ^Mte| AlMft BrfYlBl

7x4. An Act for the better ascertaining the true and exatt Gage and Tare

of Cask.

WHEREAS the Method hitherto practised in this Island of gaging tight Calk by the Diagonal Line, hath been found to be false and uncertain, .by reason of the Inequality of the Mark of such Calk, inasmuch as the Hog-fheads, and other Caiks which ought to answer the Gage by the said Method, have been proved," and there, hath been wanting on their drawing off. Six or Eight Gallons, and sometimes more in a Hog&ead, and so in proportion in other finaller CaiksAnd whereas the Allowances afually made for the Tare of Sugar Hogsheads and Tehees, hath been generally Found to fall ihort of

their

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

393

their real Weight, from Fifteen to Thirty Pounds each Cask, by which means the Buyers are obliged to pay for more than they receive : And whereas nothing is more reasonable and just, or tends more to the Credit of any trading Country, than that all Merchants, and others, who have Dealings with it, should be ascertained of the Contents and Quantities of the Commodities they purchase, by the exacted Rules, and in the fairest Manner; be it therefore enacted by the Honourable James Dottin Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Mem bers of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Bland, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January next ensuing the Date hereof, all Coopers, and others. Makers of tight Cask not contain-for Rum, Melasses, Lime-juice, or any other Spirits or Liquors, shall use their JO

best Endeavours to make the Heads of all such Caflc that shall contain above Thirty Gallons, so as not to exceed Three Quarters of an Inch in thickness, and the Bung opposite, and all other Staves in the said Cade of an equal thickness, one with another; and shall likewise brand the Two first Letters of their Christian and Surname on One of the Heads of every such Cade with a burning Iron, upon pain of forfeiting, on wilful Neglect or Refusal, every such Cask, and of paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings current Money for each Cask fold, put to Sale, or dripped for Exportation from this Eland, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from ando°vsc after the said First Day of January next enduing the Date hereof, all tight to be gaged Cask for Rum, Melasses, Lime-juice, or any other Spirits or Liquors, contain-n,"theinat1' ing above Thirty Gallons, shall, before they are fold or shipped for Exporta- a y‘ tion from this Bland, be gaged mathematically by the Maker, Seller, or Exporter of the said Cask, or by some capable Person employed by him or them

for that Purpose, by the following Rule; viz. " Measure the Diameter at the te Bung, and at the Head in Inches, and note the Difference; then as. One is " to seven-tenths of One, so is the Difference to a fourth Number, which ce added: to the Head Diameter, gives a mean Diameter for the whole Cask,

*c which squared and multiplied by the Length in Inches, and divided by Two " hundred ninety four and eighteen one thousand Parts of One, will give the " Contents in Wine Gallons j" or by some other Method agreeable to the Practice of His Majesty's sworn Gagers in Great Britain, which shall answer the Ends and Purposos of the said Rule, and shall mark the Contents with a double marking Iron on the Bilge of each particular Cask so gaged; and also, if thereto required, shall immediately appear before the next or neighbouring Justice of the Peace, and make Oath, that he hath truly gaged the said Cask by the Method herein prescribed, and that the true Contents is marked thereon:

And whatever Person or Persons, from and after the Time aforesaid, shall pre- Penalty, fume for fell, or ship off for Exportation from this Bland any tight Cask, containing above Thirty Gallons of Rum, Melasses, Lime-juice, or any other Spirits or Liquors, before the said Cask shall have been gaged, branded, and marked, according to the Directions of this Act, in manner aforesaid, or shall refuse to be sworn thereto; such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds current Money for every such Cask he or they shall so fell or ship off, or which shall by the sworn Gager appointed for that Purpose, be found to be falsly marked, or denied to be sworn unto.

III. And whereas on the Sale of Calks, Disputes may arise concerning the true Gage of such Cask j for the better Determination of the fame, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the General Assembly of this Assembl y to Island shall, immediately upon the Publication of this Act, and afterwards, an- erf.°int G*S" nually nominate some honest and skilful Person or Persons to be Gager or Gagers in and for each of the Ports of this Island •, who, on being approved of

by

394

The LAWS o/BARBADOES.

by the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council, shall appear before I73^‘ any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and take the following Oath j

viz.

Gager's Oath

for the Port of

YOU A.B. being appointed a Gager according to Lav -

do swear upon the Holy Evangelijls of Almighty God, L'hat you will, whenever you are defred or required, from time to time, diligently and faithfully discharge and execute the Duty and Office of a Gager in and for the said Port of for the enfiling Tear, or until some other Person be chosen and sworn in your Place; and that in all the Particulars mentioned in an Act of this island, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the true and exact Gage and Tare of Calk, you will adi impartially, without Fear or Favour, and according to the best of your Skill and fudge merit.

So help you God.

Which Oath the said Justice is hereby required to administer, and give a Certificate thereof to the Person taking the lame, under the Minute of his Appointment, which shall be a sufficient Commission for his executing the Office His Fee. of Gager j and he shall demand and take at and after the Rate of Five Shillings current Money per Ton, and no more, for all such Caik by him gaged/ branded, and marked according to the Directions of this Act, to be paid by the Seller, if such Calk shall by the said Gager be found to have been fallly gaged, or refused to be sworn to, otherways by the Buyer, or the Person employing him to gage the fame and shall likewise brand the Two first Letters of his Christian and Surname with a burning Iron, and mark the Contents with a double marking Iron on the Bilge of each particular Calk so by him gaged; and in case Payment of the said Fee is denied to be made, the said Gager may make Complaint thereof to the next or neighbouring Justice of Peace, who is hereby impowered and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint, and to issue his Warrant against the said Perpetuity on son complained of, and proceed therein as in case of Servants Wages r And if o" Default any of the said sworn Gagers shall refuse to gage any Calk when thereunto desired or required, or neglect to do the Duties of his Office, prescribed by this Act, or be guilty of any male Practices in the Execution thereof j he shall, on Conviction of the lame before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, One whereof to be of the Quorum, who is hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of any Complaint that shall be preferred against any of the said Gagers by any Person aggrieved, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds current Money, and be immediately discharged by the said Two Ju-llices from his said Office of a Gager, and rendered incapable of being ever again appointed thereto j and some other Person shall by the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, be immediately appointed in his Head, to execute "the fame, until such time as the General Assembly of this Island shall nominate another in the place and Head of the Person so discharged, as aforesaid.

Casks for

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and raining above t^ie First Day of January next ensuing the Date hereof, every Calk 400/if Nett, made use of for the packing of Sugars intended for Sale in this Island, that anaethe Tare’ contain above Ffour hundred Pounds Nett, shall, before any Sugars are

marked on packed therein, be weighed by the Person or Persons who shall pack, or cause the Bilge,av* jjg feme to be packed, or by some Person employed by him for that Purpose, and the just Weight or Tare thereof marked on the Bilge thereof with afingle marking Iron, and also branded with a burning Iron on the Head with the first Letters of the Christian and Surname of the said Person or Persons, Owners of the said Calk, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings current Money

for

395.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

for every Calk neglected to be so branded or marked, to be paid by the said -

Person or Persons who shall pack, or cause the lame to be packed; and the I73^4 Maker of such Calk shal], if thereto required, be sworn before any Justice of v~‘ v~ the Peace/ that the true Tare of the lame is marked thereon; which on his Refulkl to do, each Hogshead shall be deemed to weigh One hundred and thirty Pounds, and each Teirce One hundred Pounds, and so much Tare be accordingly allowed,

V. And whereas Sugars may be packed with an Intent to be fen't off this island, for the Account and Risque of the Owners thereof, who. by this Act are not obliged to tare the Calk in which such Sugars are packed, and before the shipping thereof, the Owners may alter their Intentions, and decline to sell and dispose of the fame in this Island, wheteby the true and exact Tare of the Calk

cannot be ascertained ;• be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That what shall bs in such Case the Buyer of such Cask shall be allowed as Tare for every Hog- TareTor Hog-fhead One hundred and thirty Pounds, and for every Teirce One hundred <head», &v. Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per- Penalty of son or Persons shall counterfeit the Brand of any of the said appointed and7ngnGagers" sworn Gagers, or of any other Perl'on whatsoever, or alter the Contents, or Brands, &v. Weight or Tare marked on any Calk directed by this Act to be gaged, weighed, or tared, without the Order and Content of the Person or Persons who first affixed, or caused to be affixed the said Contents, Weight, or Tare; or if any Person or Persons shall affix, or cause to.be affixed on any Calk, directed by this Act to be weighed or tared, a false Weight or Tare; every Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty.Pounds current Money, and be further liable to be prosecuted at the Court of Grand Sessions as a Cheat,- and there punished according to the Discretion of the Court.

VH.

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace shall neglect or refuse to do what they are jJeaing thefr required and impowered to do by virtue of this Act, he or they shall forfeit Duty, the Sum of Five Pounds current Money for every liich Neglect or Refusal:

And in case any Person. shall think himself aggrieved by any Judgement or Appeal to the' Determination of any Justice of Peace against him, in consequence of this council?1 " Act,- he may. apply by Petition to the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, in Council, who are hereby impowered to hear and determine the fame, and give such Relief thereon, and award Colts on either Side, as they shall think just and reasonable.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and: Penalties hoy? every of the Penalties and Forfeitures to be incured by virtue of this Act, shall and appi?e^. be recovered in any Court of Record within this Island (or before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace (except the Members of Council, who are exempted from acting therein, if under Forty Shillings) wherein no Protection-or Wager of Law shall be allowed; the said Penalties and Forfeitures to be: to His Majesty,- His Heirs and Successors; but to be applied One Half to the Person who shall prosecute the same to Effect, and the other Half to the Uses of the Excise Act for the current Year, provided the fame be prosecuted within the Space of Six Months,- and not otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of Penalty an

P p p

396 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

715. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Clay from this Island.

WHEREAS it is but too manifest, that the Soil of this Island is of late Years become greatly impoverished, and for the most part worn out, which occasions that the Planters and Inhabitants are put to abundantly more Labour, Trouble, and Expence (and require a great many more Hands in making Dung, and other Services, to Supply in some measure that Defect) in the planting and producing their Staple Commodities, Sugar, and Rum, than the other neighbouring Islands, who, by the Richness of their Land, as they are at a much left Expence, can afford to fell their Produce vallly cheaper, and yet be more considerable Gainers thereby, than the Owners of Estates in this Island, who Should therefore by all means be encouraged in their Industry, and whatever ui'eful or advantageous Materials or Ingredients they have for the improving their Sugars, that are peculiar to this Place, ought to be kept and preserved among themselves, and not allowed to be carried off to the other Islands, in further addition to those very great Advantages they at present have over us: And whereas the Planters here are much improved in the Method of claying their Sugars, and make use of abundance of their Clay therein, and which has been found very beneficial to the Leeward Islands for that Purpose, as appears by great Quantities of it having been from time to time lent off from hence to them, which tends greatly to the Diladvantage of this Place, and Damage to the Inhabitants, inasmuch as it may in time occasion the want of a Sufficient Quantity thereof for our own Ule, whilst at the lame time it is a valuable Improvement to the other Islands: To prevent which Practice for the future, be it enacted by the Honourable James Dottin Esquire, President of His Majesty's .Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardcloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Persons ex- Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after Publication of this Act, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who of the Quan intends to ship off, or export from this Island to any Part whatsoever, any Clay, TJ* or ot^er fort Earth fit to be made use of for claying of Sugars, Shall appear

before the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, and make Oath before him (which he is impowered and required to administer) the real and true Quantity of Clay'he designs or intends to export, and Shall pay a Tax or Penalty of Five Shillings per Pound to the Said Treasurer, who Shall thereupon give him, her, or them a Permit for Shipping the fame: And if any Person or Persons whatsoever Shall Ship or export, or cause to be Shipped or exported such Clay, or other fort of Earth fit for that Purpose, and Shall neglect or refuse to make such .Discovery, and take such Oath, or refuse to pay the said Tax (which is hereby imposed and laid on every Pound of Clay which shall be discovered to have been exported from this Island) to the said Treasurer, immediately on re-Penalty on eeiving such Petfnit; he. She, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit e u ‘ and pay double the said Sum for every Pound so shipped or exported, or caufod to be shipped or exported; to be levied by Execution under the Hand and Seal of the Treasurer for the Time being, directed to any Constable, upon any the Goods, Chattels, or other Effects of the Person or Persons so offending j and in Default thereof, on the Body; and in case that is not to be discovered or foijgd, then the said Execution shall by the said Constable be levied upon the Goods, Chattels, or other Effects of the Security or Securities in the Secretary’s Office, for the Vessel or Vessels wherein such Clay, or other fort of Earth fit for claying of Sugars^ as aforesaid, was exported; but in case no such Security

, shall

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

39 7

shall have been given for such Vessel or Vessels, theri, and in that Cafe, such r~—*——s Vessel or Vessels, with her or their Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, shall be 173^-subject and liable to be seized and condemned whenever afterwards the or 1 v J they can be met* with : And if the said Security or Securities, Master or Owner of the said Vessel or Vessels, shall apprehend him or themselves to be aggrieved or injured therein; he or they may apply by Petition to the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and Council of this Island, for Relief, who are hereby impowered to hear and determine the fame, and give such Remedy or Redress therein, as to them shall seem meet and proper.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Treasurer rt? Treasurer for the Time being shall be informed, or have just Reason to suspect ness'upoo^ that any Practices or Frauds have been done or committed contrary to this Act, 0wh* he is hereby authorized, impowered, and required to summon and call before him any Person or Persons that he believes or is informed can give Evidence therein, and him, her, or them to interrogate upon Oath, and proceed against the Offender or Offenders therein for the Penalties aforesaid : And if any Person or Persons so summoned, shall refuse, when required, to give Evidence therein, he, she, or they shall be by the said Treasurer committed to the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, till they comply with this Act in manner aforesaid: And all the Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred and accruing hereby, shall be and enure to His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, to be applied to the Uses of the Excise Act for the then current Year; but the Treasurer fit all and may, and is hereby impowered and directed to allow such Part of the said Forfeiture to and among such Person or Persons as shall give him Information of any Offenders, or be otherwise serviceable in making Discoveries, for the more effectual putting this Law in Execution.

more effectually to remedy and prevent the Hardships and Jw-3120 716* conveniences on the Inhabitants of this Island by Forejiatters, In-groffers, and Regrators of Provisions.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding Two several Acts of this Island, now in full force, concerning Forestallers, Ingrossers, and Regrators, many Persons here, greedy of - Gain, and bent upon enriching themselves, though to the Detriment of the Country, and distressing the poorer fort of the People, by t^Jsing Advantage of their Ne,cefiities in Times of Scarcity, with Intent to raise and enhance the Prices of Grain, and Provisions of all forts coming to this Island, above the real and intrinsick Value thereof, or to dispose of what , they h^d before laid in or hoarded up, with the like sordid and bale Views, at an extortionate and unreasonable Profit, at a Time when Provisions should happen to be scarce, either through the Backwardness of the Provision Vessels arriving from the Northward, or Ireland, at the ufoal Seasons, or by such t^e^r Qvvn indkedl Means, as aforesaid; and, well knowing that the Necefli-ties of the Inhabitants, the poorer Sort especially, would compel them to purchase.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

No Person to buy up Provi liens in otdtr lor Salejwlien they exceed the limited Prices.

Offending herein, deem, ed a Foreilal-ler, &>e. and punished as such.

Penalty on the Clerk of the Market, and Justice, neglecting their Duty.

chafe, at what Rates and Prices the Sellers should think fit to let and impofo thereon, rather than suffer themselves and Families to starve and peri 111, have made it their Practiceand Business to ingrol's, foreflall, and get into their Hands and Possession such kinds of Provisions coming to this Island as are moll wanted, before they can be fairly brought to Sale in the publick Stores or Market, and thereby, or by means aforesaid, have immediately raised and advanced the Prices thereof far above their real and intrinsick Value, to the grievous Opprel-fion and impoverishing of the People, and Ruin of the poorer Sort, by such their notorious Practices and Impositions, and to the enriching and aggrandising such Forestallers and Ingrolfers: For the more effectual remedying and preventing thereof for the future, be it enacted by the Honourable yatnes Ifottm Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbee Islands to Windward of Guardcloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of Flis Majesty's Council, and the General Afiem-bly of this Wand, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Provisions of such fort, kind, or nature, as are mentioned and let down in the Lift or Estimate hereunto annexed, shall exceed the Prices therein particularly limited and expressed, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume to buy up, purchase, or bargain for any Quantity of such Provisions from any other Person in this Island who deals in the fame, with an Intent or Design to barter, fell, and dispol'e thereof again, either by wholesale or retale, by reason or means whereof the Price of the lame shall or may be raised or enhanced; neither shall any Person or Persons whatsoever, on the Arrival or Importation of any such fort or kind of Provisions into this Island, so exceeding the Prices in the said Lift prescribed, limited, and set down, presume to purchase of, or bargain with the Importer for the whole or any large Quantity thereof, to add to the Stock of the lame kind which he, she, or they might already have by him, her, or them for Sale; but if such Provisions be not consigned to a particular Merchant, Factor, or House here, they shall and may be fold and disposed of to and among the Traders or Dealers in such Provisions, in equal Proportions, as they shall be able to purchase and pay the Importer, or obtain Credit with him for, so as that the Inhabitants may buy and be supplied Vvith what they want of the first Purchaser at reasonable Rates, and the fair Trader have a moderate Advance and Profit for his Goods: Nor shall any set Company or Number of Persons agree or confederate together to buy up, either in the Name of One or more of them, any Quantity of Provisions of any kind, or fit ip off all or any Part of such Provisions lb bought up, imported, or brought on Shore here, when they exceed the limited Price, to any other Place, by reason or means whereof the Prices thereof Until or may be raised Or advanced : And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall do, act, or deal in any wise contrary hereto, or use any Art, Collusion, or Contrivance to evade, elude, or frustrate the Provision, Direction, and Intention of this Act (which the Justices of the Peace, to whom Complaint shall be made against him, her, or them, are to be Judges of) such Person or Persons shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged a Foreflaller, Ingrosser, and Regrator, and be subject and liable to the Prosecutions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in either of the said Acts particularly mentioned and expressed : And if the Clerk of the Market, and his Deputy, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall neglect or refuse to do and execute the Duties enjoined him or them by the said Acts; such Person so offending, shall for each and every Offence forfeit and pay to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money j to be recovered, on his being convicted of such Neglect or Refusal, by any Person who will inform, profocute, or sue for the fame in any Court of Record in this Island; the One Half to be for the Use of such Informer, and the other for the Uses of the Excise Act for the current Year s And if no Person will make Information, the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being shall, and is hereby

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

399

by obliged and required to prosecute such Offenders at the publick Expence; and the whole Forfeiture recovered, to be for the publick Uses mentioned in the said Excise Act.

II. Prov ided always. That any Person who shall think himselr aggrieved Appeal w the by the Determination of any Justices of the Peace, or Court of Quarter-sessions, and Council, may appeal by Petition to the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council, who are hereby impowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and give such Relief as they shall think proper.

A Lift or Estimate of Prowjions, See. not to be ingrossed or sent off the Island, when they are at the following Prices \ viz.

Beef, -

Pork, -

Herrings, -

Butter, -

Salt, -

Salt Fish, -

Salt Mackrel, -

White Bread, -

Middling Ditto, -

Brown Ditto, -

Ship Ditto, -

Bacon, -

Rice, -

Beans, —*----- -

Corn, -

Flour, -

Oats, -

Peas from the Norward,

- 2

•-- 2

- I

- O

- o

- o

- I

- I --- I

- o

- o

- o

- I

- o

- o

- o

- o

- o

S. d.

oo oo per Barrel.

15 00 per Barrel.

05 00 per Barrel.

00 09 per Pound.

02 06 per Bushel.

17 06 per Questah

00 00 per Barrel.

10 00 per Cent.

02 06 per Cent.

15 00 per Cent.

15 00 per Cent.

00 10 per Pound.

00 00 per Cent.

05 00 per Bushel,

05 00 per Bulheh

17 06 per Cent.

03 00 per Bushel.

05 00 per Bushel.

An Act to enable and impower Ajfignees and Indorsees of all Debts and 7*7* Demands, to commence Suits, and do all other ABs and Things in U$, her9 or their 01m Name or Names3 for obtaining and getting Satisfaction thereof, in as full and ample Manner, Form, and FffeB, to all Intents and Purposes, as the origin.il Creditor might of could do, had no Alignment or Indorsment been made\ and also for giving the Me Remedy against the Ajfignors, Indorsers, or Accepters ,of Inland Rills and Notes, as is used and allowed on Foreign Bills of Exchange.

WHEREAS no Action or Suit at common Law can* by the Rules thereof, be brought or maintained for any Debt or Demand actually assigned or indorsed in the Name of the Assignee or Indorsee, but the Recovery must.

q be

400

The LAWS o/BARBADOES.

t——i

1736.

V*. 1

be had and made in the Name of the original Creditor, in like manner as if such Debt or Demand had not been transferred; and the Clerks and Marshals of the several Courts in this Island have sometimes refilled to observe and follow the Orders and Directions of the Persons veiled with the equitable Right thereto, without first seeing an Assignment duly executed and recorded, by means whereof inch Assignees and Indorlees have been put to much Trouble and Expence : And whereas, if Indorsers of Bonds, Notes, Orders, and Accounts, and the Accepters of Inland Bills, Notes, or Orders, were made liable to the Indorsees, for the respective Sums for which such Indorfments and Acceptances are made, and might lawfully maintain Actions and Suits in the Manner used and allowed on Foreign Bills of Exchange, it is apprehended the fame would be a means of establishing Credit, and thereby in some Degree make up for the great Scarcity of Cash, now so feverelv felt by the Inhabitants here; for which Purpose the General Assembly of this Island do humbly pray your Honour that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Honourable yantes Doitin Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other Ilk Majesty's Car rib bee islands to Windward of Guardeloup, &e. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Publication of this Act, any Person hav-Debts in their ing the Benefit, Profit, and Advantage of any Debt or Demand, of what Na-own Name, ture. Kind, or Quality soever, alligned, indorsed, or transferred to him, her, or them by the Person or Persons who had good Right and Title so to do, in the Manner herein after mentioned, shall and may commence, maintain, and prosecute any Action or Suit for the Recovery thereof in any Court of Common-pleas, or Court of Equity in this Island, in his, her, or their own Name or Names, either against the original Debtor or Debtors, or any of the Assignors, Indorsers, or Accepters, according to the Nature of the Cafe, in the same Manner as the original Creditor, and the Assignees of Foreign Bills of Exchange have been allowed to do, and not otherwise j on the Trial of which Adrion or Suit however, the Defendant may, if he think fit, insist on the Plaintiff’s, or the Assignor’s or Indorser’s being sworn, that the Debt or Demand was, before such Suit commenced, truly and bona fide indorsed or assigned, and that the Plaintiff was, and is to have the whole Benefit, Profit, and Advantage arising therefrom, and that such Assignment or Indorsment was not colourably made, to intitle the Assignee or Indorse to sue for the said Debt or Demand for the Benefit and Advantage of the Assignor or Indorser. Proviso^relat-;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That wherever cover! em6S"a Femme-covert is intitled to any Legacy, or other Demand not properly recoverable, without her Name being made use of in the Bill, Action, or Suit together with her Husband’s, it shall be necessary for her to join in an Assign-ment of such Demand, and be privately examined thereto, as has been ul'ual in the Cafe of real Estate of the Wife’s Inheritance, before the Assignee shall commence or maintain an Action or Suit for Recovery thereof; but wherever such Assignment hath been or shall be made, and she privately examined, it shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a full Release, Acquittal, and Transfer of such her Demand to such Assignee; and neither she, nor any Person or Persons claiming by, from, or under her, shall afterwards be deemed to have any Right or Title thereto, but the same shall belong to the Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who may sue in his, her, or their own Name or Names for Recovery thereof, for their own Benefit and Advantage, or in trust, for such Uses and Purposes, as are mentioned and contained in the said Deed of Assignment j and so likewise if any Decree or Judgement shall be obtained in the Name of Baron and Femme, and any Assignment thereof afterwards made and executed to any other Person, the Femme shall be privately examined thereto, in the usual Manner, before

4oi

The LAW'S of BAR BADGES.

fore tire Marshal shall convey to the Assignee, or lie, she, or they be capable (——*——4 of relenting or discharging such Debt on Record. 1736-

III. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all other Cafes, where any Demand or Ample Contract is transferred, indorsed, or assigned, it shall be sufficient for the Person or Persons so doing, to write his, her, or their Name or Names in Blank thereon, or direct the Sum due to be paid to the Assignee or Indorsee for Value received; but on all Specialties the Assignor or Indorser shall, on the Security assigned, or on a separate Paper, write to the Purport following j vis.

Ido hereby transfer and qjjign the within mentioned, or Jiich a particular Security,

for Jiich a Sum (mentioning what is due thereon) and all my Right, Ditle^ 'bn,nent* and Interest therein to A.B. for the Sum or Value of him this Day received. Witness my Hand, the, &c.

Which shall be signed by the Party, in the Presence of Two Witnesses subscribing the fame j and it shall be good and effectual for any Assignee or Indorsee, and his, her, and their proper Representatives, to maintain their Action or Suit for the Recovery of such Debt or Demand so assigned, either against the original Debtor, or any of the Indorsers or Accepters thereof: And the Clerks and Marshals of the several Courts in this Island, are hereby directed and required to observe and pursue the Directions of such Assignee or Indorsee, in the same Manner as they would those of the original Creditor: And whatsoever shall be acted or done by such Assignee or Indorsee, shall be adjudged, deemed, taken, and allowed to be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And whereas it may happen, that after a Debt or Demand is assigned or indorsed, or an Inland Bill or Order accepted, or promised to be paid, the original Debtor or Accepter may fail, and prove insolvent, and thereby the Af-lignor, Indorser, or Drawer be liable to satisfy the said Debt or Demand, when'such Loss is occasioned by the Lenity and Forbearance of the Assignee,

Indorsee, or Person to whom an Order is made payable, and for want of the Assignor, Indorser, or Drawer having it in his, her, or their Power to compel the Payment of such Demand from the Debtor or Accepter, before his, her, or their failing, and proving insolvent: To prevent which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Assignee, Indorsee, or Person to whom an Order is made payable, shall not prosecute for the Debt or Demand within signment* Twelve Months after the Date of the Alignment, Indorsment, Drawing, or^’" Time of Payment, or neglect to use, or suffer the Assignor, Indorser, or Draw-bear the Lots, er to use all proper Means and Remedies for the better securing the said Debt I/r$th®0^gC^.t" or Demand, when applied to by him, her, or them, or their Representatives folvenc. for that Purpose, and the Debtor or Accepter fail, and prove insolvent, the Loss shall be borne and sustained by such Person or Persons whose Lenity occasioned the fame, and the Assignor, Indorser, or Drawer shall be acquitted and discharged therefrom, unless he, she, or they did consent or agree, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand, to give longer Time of Forbearance, or such Assignor, Indorser, or Drawer neglected to prosecute such Debtor or Accepter, on Notice being given by the Assignee, Indorsee, or Person to whom the Order was payable, within the Time abovementioned, that such Debt or Demand remained due and unpaid; which Notice shall be sufficient to prevent any Loss ensuing for want of a Prosecution in the Time above limited.

An

40 2

Lhe LAWS of BARBA DOES.

Prices of Meat.

of Butchers Meat; and is or v:ay he due so for giving the

Remedy to the Planters> and Raiflrs of Cattle and Stocky agahtjl fitch Butchers, for A)at they hay to he killed, fold, and disposed of.

W!

tJER E AS, by reason of the manifest and daiiv Decreafo in the Trade of this Island, and of the great Scarcity of Calli here, consequent thereupon, the Planters are dilahled from keeping up the like Quantity of Cattle and Stock, which it is necessary for them to do, i'o that they are obliged and neceilitated to icll them to Butchers, to be killed and disposed of in the several Towns of this Island, and for the supply of other, private Families; and such Butchers taking Advantage of the Sellers Neccfutics, and well knowing, that tire Planters cannot otherways fell and diipole of their Cattle and Stock, will offer, and do give much lei's than they are rcalbnubiy worth, and yet will oblige the Inhabitants to pay them as high Prices as they formerly did, when such Cattle and Stock were-bought at much greater Rates, pretending that they contract many Debts, and loi'e many Sums in the Sale and Disposal of "what they kill, for want of a speedy Method to compel the Payment thereof: For remedy whereof for the future, be it enacted by the Honourable James Dottin Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbce Blands to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Publication of this Act, no Butcher, or other Person killing, felling, or dispoiing of any Stock, of the Nature or Kinds hereafter mentioned, after the lame is killed, and exposed to Sale, shall demand, receive, or take of any Person buying any Part or Quantity of the Four Quarters thereof, more than at and after the following Rates and Prices; viz. For Beef, Six Pence per Pound; Veal, Six Pence tar Pound; Mutton, Six Pence per Pound; Lamb, Six Pence per Pound; Goat, or Kid, Five Pence per Pound; Pork, Four Pence per Pound: And if any Person shall demand, take, or receive more than the said Prices for such several forts of Meat, so killed, as aforesaid, or insist on the Purchaser or Buyer taking any other Part than of the Four Quarters at the Rates aforesaid; he, she, or they so doing, shall forfeit double what they so receive; to be recovered and applied to his, her, or their own Use by the Party injured, before the next Justice of Peace, who shall pro-Money due Ceed therein as in case of Servants Wages: And if any Person buying any of Butchlr^how Particulars abovementioned, shall neglect or refuie to pay for what they to be recover- boy, the Seller shall and may make Complaint to the next Justice of Peace, ed- for any Sum not exceeding Twenty five Pounds, who shall proceed therein as

in'case of Servants Wages: And in like manner, if any Butcher, or other Person buying any of the forts of Cattle, and other' Stock abovementioned, to be killed or disposed of, shall not pay for the fame according to the Time and Price agreed On between him and the Seller; such Seller shall and may recover the lame as in case of Servants Wages, before the next Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered and required to proceed on such Complaint, in the like Manner as against the Debtors to such Butcher.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

4 °3

737

An Act for the Encouragement of Simon Scanrlebury and Philip Jack- $2° 71^. man, Esquiresy in a new Projeffi or Method they have invented for rnate’ recovering and curing blajled Canes in this Island*

An Act for explaining and amending an ABy intituled, An A<5fc to quiet 0° 720. the Minds of the Inhabitants of this Island against the Terrors and Apprehensions they lie under of a Spiritual Court; and to provide, that no Ecclesiastical Law or Jurisdicftion shall have Power to inforce, confirm, or establish any Penal Mulct or Punishment in any Case whatsoever within this Island.

WHEREAS it appears by the Preamble of the said Law, which bears Date the Fifteenth Day of ^higuft, One thousand seven hundred and nineteen, that the Terrors and Apprehensions the Inhabitants of this Island were under of a Spiritual Court, arose from their Fear, leaf!: it might extend to' the Laity as well as the Clergy; and therefore, for the quieting the Minds of such the Inhabitants against such Terrors and Apprehensions, it was enacted, cc That " no Ecclesiastical Law or Jurisdiction should have Power to inforce,- confirm,

" or establish any Muldt or Puniflmient in any Case whatsoever within this Island j and that if any Person or Persons whatsoever should presume or at-" tempt to inforce, confirm, or establish, by any Ecclesiastical Law or Jurisi-" diction, any Penal Muldt or Punishment in any Case whatsoever within this " Island, or move, purchase, or procure any Process, Summons, Citations,

<l Sentences, or Judgements, of what Nature, Kind, or Quality soever they " be, in, from, or out of such Spiritual Court, or serve or execute any of " the fame Process; every such Person or Persons Co doing, should for every " such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds current Money of " this Island; the One Half to the Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and " Successors., for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island; and the other " Moiety to him or them that should sue for the fame in any of the Courts " of Record within this Island, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoign, Pro-<e tedtion, or Injunction should be allowed; and all and every such Process,

Summons, Citations, Sentences, and Judgements, in, from, or" out of the " said Court, should be, and they are thereby declared null and voidAnd whereas His Most Excellent Majesty King George the Second,- by Commission under the Great Seal, bearing Date the Twenty ninth Day of April, in the First Year of His Reign, hath been graciously pleased to impower the Right Reverend Edmund Lord Bishop of London, either by himself, or his Commit-fary, to exercise Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction over the Clergy in this Island of Barbadoes:. And whereas the said Right Reverend Bishop has, by virtue of,; and in pursuance of such Power, duly appointed the Reverend Mr. Wil-liamffobnfon Clerk, Rector of the Parish of St. Michaelt to be his Commissary here for the Purpose aforesaid, who hath been always ready to qualify himself .; - R r r for

4°4

The, LAWS of B ARB A DOES.

Tha former Atl not to hinder the Biflicp of London, &c. from exercis ing Ecclesi-aflical Juris-dnftion over the Clergy.

Commiflarics may summon W ltneflet,

and examine them on Oath

for the said Office, by taking the Oaths, and making the Subscription required by the One hundred and twenty seventh Canon cllabliihcd in the Church of England; but by reaibn of the Generality of the Words of the said Law, being unwilling to be guilty of an Appearance of adding contrary thereto, or to l'eem inclinable to diiturb the Quiet and Ease of the Inhabitants, hath therefore hitherto declined exercising his Commifiarial Power, though many and heinous Offences have been committed by Persons immediately .widrin the Letter of his Commission, who were not intended to be comprehended within the general Words of the said Law: Wherefore, for the better explaining the Mean-png of the said Add, and taking away any Doubt or Ambiguity that may arise therefrom, and alto for the better enabling the said William Johnson, and all and every other Commiliary or Commissaries for the Time being, so appointed or to be appointed by the said Right Reverend Bishop, or by any other Bishop, to whom His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall at any time hereafter be graciously plealed to grant the like Commission, to exercise Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction only over the Clergy of this Island, and to inforce such Confures, Sentences, and Judgements, as the said William JcbnJon, or any other Commissary or Commissaries for the Time being, lb to be appointed, as afore-laidj, shall hereafter from time to time pronounce, declare, and inflict, according so the Laws Spiritual or Ecclesiafucal, now in force, or which hereafter may become in force in that Part of Great Britain heretofore called England, and as may conduce to discourage, amend, and Reform such of the Clergy of this Island, whole ill Lives, bad Examples, Vice, Immoralities, and Irregularities have given, or may hereafter give great Offence and Scandal, not only to our holy Religion, but. like wife to the well-disposed Inhabitants of the island in general, and to their several and respective .Parishioners in particular j be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby declared and enacted < by the Honourable jinnies Dottirt Esqviire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief oP this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbce Inlands lying and being to Windward of Guardelonp, &c. the Honourable the ..Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and; by the Authority of the same, That neither the Law herein before pecited, nor any thing contained therein, shall extend, or be conftriied to extend .to- hinder, prevent, or Obstruct th'e said Lord Bishop of London, nor any other bishop or Bishops, to Whom His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors,.shall hereafter grant the fame, or like Powers', nor the said William ‘Johnson, or any other Person or Persons hereafter to be appointed Com miliary or Commislaries /by the said Bi-shop of London, or any other Bishop or Bishops, to whom His said- Majesty, His. Heirs or Successors, shall at any time hereafter grant the fame, or like powers, during the Time they shall so continue to be .Cotpinissary or .Commissaries, from exercising1 Spiritual and Ecclesfastical jurisdictt ion .over, the .Clergy Vefident on this Island (whether beneficed, or iiot beneficed ) according to the Tenor of their several Commissions.

II. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authqrity aforesaid, That, aslvellfor the better Conviction and Condemnation of such of the .Clergy as are; 'or hereafter may be guilty of Offences'puniflaable ;by :^he said Spiritual Or ‘d&cfefiastical Law, as for acquitting those Who are or may bp innocent, and yet Sw^ongfolly'and injuriously accused, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Gommiflaty dr Commissaries for the Time being, to issue wider Ms Hand, and Seal of Office One of riaore .Summons of Summons’s, directed to any Person or Persons Whatsoever, Whether Laymen pr .Clergymen, to appear as Witnesses, to give their Testimony on Oath (which the Comnrissary for the Time being is hereby impowered to administer) either for or against the Party fb acr cufed; and also to grant a Protection or Pro^ections for any Witness or Wit-nfeifes so summoried (who desires the pipe) in as ml) Pprpij Po\yer, and Effect, ^sriSay'or can be legally grafted by any thp Courts of Law or Equity in this ' :.i,K Island}

The L, A WS of BAR B A D O K S.

4°5

Island; and which Protection or Protections shall be observed and obeyed by r-----

all Officers in the like Manner as they would have been, had they issued from r737-any other of the said Courts: And in cale it shall appear to the Commifiary . for the Time being, that such Person or Persons was or were duly summoned, jgainst°Per-and neglected or refused to appear, without a just and reasonable Excuse, tofons ior Con* ' be approved and allowed of by the said Commifiary, or appearing, shall neglect {>eerpry, in or refuse to be sworn and give Testimony, or shall swear falsly; the said Com-:he >"imC missary for the Time being shall, and he is hereby authorized and impowered 0l|,er Courts to proceed against every such Witness or Witnesses, lo in Contempt, or who shall swear falsly, in the same Manner as a Judge of any Court of Law or Equity may, might, or could legally proceed against such Witness or Witnesses, had such Contempt or false Swearing been committed in any of the said Courts; and such Witness or Witnesses shall, on Conviction at a Court of Grand Sef-. fions, be liable to incur and suffer, by Judgement of the said Court of Grand r Shffions, the like Pains, Fines, and Penalties, as would or might have been:

\ inflicted on him, her, or them, for, or by reason, or means of such Contempt or false Swearing, had the fame been committed in any other Court of this i Island.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commifiary or Commissaries

for the Time being, to exercise Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction over all over their in-. and every the subordinate Officer and Officers under him or them, in any theten0rOfficers* Proceedings against such accused Clergyman, in cale of any Male-fearance in ! their respective Offices, according to the Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Laws.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or ^JheOrdmSei; construed to extend to lessen, impair, or take away any Power, Juriididion, Power, ane

or Authority which the Ordinaries of this Island have, may, or can, by any .ways or means whatsoever, legally claim and exercisej but all iiich Rights,

Privileges, and Authorities are hereby saved and reserved, in like manner as if this Act had never been made.

V. This Act to continue in force for the Space of Three Years from the Continuant*

Date hereof, and not longer. 0 *Aa*-

MMk MSk

An Act for raising a Le^vy^ on the Inhabitants of this Island, to fapply the Deficiency of the Excise in saying the publick Debts, and the annual £ Eixpences of the Hduerwnent of this Island.

406

The LAWS s/BARBADOES.

f— ~A——»

1738.

Mq72 2- An additional and explanatory Act to the All, intituled, An Act to *47' oblige Church-wardens to accounc for Monies received by them; and for the better regulating the Sale of Lands and Houses, for the Payment of parochial Duties in arrear.

WHEREAS by the said Act, bearing Date the Seventh Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and twenty, it is (among other things) provided, " That if any Church-warden should neglect or refuse to pay all or " any Part of what should be found due, and remaining in his Hands of the " Parish Money, within Ten Days after the Settlement of his Accounts, that " the major Part of the Vestrymen in every Parish where such Neglect or " Refusal should be, might make Complaint thereof by Petition to the Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council for the Time being, in this " Island, iitting as a Court of Grievance," who are thereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine such Complaint, and iilue Execution in the Manner therein appointed; and they were allb impowered as a Court of Grievance to determine and decide any Dispute or Contest that might thereafter arise upon the Execution of the said Act: And whereas by an Order in Council, bearing Date at Whitehall the Twelfth Day of October following, the said Court of Grievance was abolished, and directed not to proceed originally in any causes, except upon Petitions in Matters of Equity; by reason whereof, the Method prescribed by the said Acct, for compelling Church-wardens to pay the Balance settled to be due and owing from them, has not been pursued, but Suits in Chancery commenced for recovery thereof; which proving very expen-live and tedious, and several of the Church-wardens being unable to pay the Debt, and the Colts attending such Prosecutions, they have been suffered to continue Debtors to their Parish, whole Vestry or succeeding Church-wardens have not thought fit to be at the Charge of prosecuting for the lame, and thereby such Debts have been loft, which would have been laved, and might have been collected, could the Method prescribed by the said Act for recovery thereof been taken and pursued: And whereas by another Clause in the Act b'eforementioned, it is enacted, " That where any Person or Persons'should buy any Estate or Effects exposed to Sale by virtue of the said Act, and not pay " for the lame in the Time used in the Court of Common-pleas in this Island " upon Sales made at Outcry, such Buyer should incur such Penalties and For-" feitures as are accustomed in the said Courts of Common-pleas;" but as the Governor, of Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being; by virtue of whole Executions such Sales are made, is not thereby expressly impowered or desired to issue Writs for recovering such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are done by the Judges of the Courts of Common-pleas, no such Writs have been issued, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby avoided, to the great Diladvantage and Loss of the Parish: To remedy which, and several other In-conveniencies arising on the said Act, and for establishing a better Method of collecting the Monies due, owing, and in arrear to the several Parishes in this Island, an Act, passed here on the Twenty second Day of May, One thousand Vide N° seven hundred and thirty three, intituled, An Act to regulate and ascertain the Election, Manner of accounting, Powers, and Proceedings of Church-wardens, which repealed the Act herein before recited, but the fame was not to commence, or be of force, till His Majesty's Pleasure was first known; which being not hitherto declared, and the Mischiefs and Inconveniencies herein before-mentioned still continuing, it is absolutely necessary to remedy them as loon as

possible;

4°7-

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

possible; be it therefore enacted by the Honourable J'antes Dottin Esquire,

Picfident of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Gaar-deloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the'

General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, the Method prescribed and established by the said former Act, shall be pursued and observed by the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, and Council, fitting in Council, and not as a Court of Grievance; and Executions, and all other necessary and proper Writs and Process, Governor to shall issue by the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, who thoVecovery is hereby impowered and humbly desired to issue the fame, and cause them t° chlrciT be inforced and executed by the Provost-marshal of this Island, or his lawful Vardensi Deputy, against any Church-warden, his Executors, or Administrators, indebted to his Parish since the Commencement of the said Act, or who shall hereafter become indebted for Monies by him received as Church-warden aforesaid, in like manner as such Writs might have issued, if the Court of Grievance had not been mentioned in the said Act, or had not been abolished by the said Or-' der in Council, and as any Judge of a Court of Law is impowered to issue Writs against a Debtor, for obtaining full Payment and Satisfaction of a Debt recovered against him in any such Court of Law.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor, and against or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, is hereby also hum-Btfea^attach^ bly desired and impowered from time to time, during the Continuance of this ed (or Parihi Act, to issue all necessary Writs and Process against any Purchaser at Outcry, for^ny^For-for Effects attached for Parish Dues, or for the Sums due from former Church- tenures in- " wardens, for any Forfeitures and Penalties incurred by such Purchasers, in the them.*1 by same Manner as the Judges of the Courts of Common-pleas in this Island are impowered to issue such Writs against any Purchaser or Purchasers of Chattels

sold at Outcry.

III. This Act to continue in force till His Majesty's Pleasure is known and"u^"ce declared in this Island on the said Act, passed the Twenty secondI>ay of ityfoy, '

One thousand seven hundred and thirty three, and not longer.

An Act to encourage the raising of Cattle, and other live Stock in this MS 723, Island $ and for giving a more speedy Remedy for recovering Debts controlled for Cattle and Stock fold, .disposed of, and credited here.

'c:i

WHEREAS it is absolutely necessary to encourage the railing of .Cattle, and other Stock in this Island, and to provide as speedy a Method as possible for the Payment of such Debts as may be made and contracted fqr the Purchase thereof, to induce the Inhabitants, and more especially, the .poorer Sort., to make use of their best Endeavours,: and greatest Care and <Industry for railing such Cattle, and other Stock.; be it therefore enacted by the Honour-able James Dottin Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander ip

Sff Chief

408 TheLAVTSof BARBADOES.

f». .» Chief of this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbce Idands lying and being to 1738, Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's l'- 111 Council, and the General Assembly of this island, and by the Authority of

so^Cattle* t^ie ^ame’ That any Person whatsoever, hereafter felling or disposing of any &=c. not ex- Cattle, or other live Stock in this island, of the Value of Twenty five Pounds to^e rfcover-current Money, or under, and who shall not be paid and satisfied for the fame ed a in case according to the Terms and Agreements made and entred into at the Time of Wag«vanW such Sale, {Trail or may make Complaint against the Purchaser before the next or neighbouring Justice of the Peace to the Complainant, for the Sum lo due and owing j which Complaint the said Justice is hereby directed and impowered to hear and determine, and to give Judgement for the fame , which if not paid and satisfied within Fourteen Days afterwards, Execution shall issue, and such other Proceedings had thereon, as in case of Servants Wages: And in case the Party cannot prove his Demand, the Defendant shall be examined on Oath by such Justice relating thereto, and such Justice shall give Judgement for what shall appear by such Defendant’s Oath to be due and owing, and no more j but if the Defendant shall refuse to be sworn, then the Complainant shall be allowed and admitted to be sworn; and if he declares on Oath, that he cannot prove his Demand otherways than by the Defendant’s Oath or Chnfeflion, or the Complainant’s own Oath, whatever he, she, or they shall swear to be due before such Justice, shall be allowed of, and Judgement entred up for, and the other Proceedings had thereon after the Expiration of the Time before limited, as in case of Servants Wages.

M* 72* Aik AB to prohibit the exporting from this island, of Cattle, and other live Stock, and Provisions planted and reaped here 5 and for the more effectual putting in force all former Laws made against Exporters and Ingrossers.

WHEREAS by long Experience it is founds that Cattle raised and bred in this island, and the Provisions planted on, and reaped in the fame, are by no means sufficient to answer the Purposes for which they are wanted, and, were there not annually imported here large Supplies from His Majesty's other Islands and Colonies in America, the Planters and Owners of Estates here would greatly suffer, and not be able to support their Slaves, who for want thereof would perish, and their Estates be ruined and destroyed: And whereas several Laws have been formerly made in this island, in order to prevent Horses, A-fles, and Provisions from being exported hence j but as Cattle, and other live Stock, and Provisions planted and reaped here, are not expressly mentioned in those Acts, though manifestly within the Mischiefs thereby intended to be remedied, they have been sent off this island, and bought and ted-up in ftofe with Design to be retailed out again at very advanced Prices, Which Praftkes tend greatly to the Injury of the-Publick, and require the Ipeedieft Relief* To which end, be it enacted by the Honourable Jdtfiet Dot-tin Esqukej Pbefldent of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and all Other His Majesty's Carribbed Islands lying and being to Windward of GuOrdekttpy &c. the Honourable die Members Of His Majesty's Council,

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

409

cil, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, <——A—-n That from, and immediately after the passing of this Act, no Cattle, or other I73^-live Stock imported into, or bred, or Provisions planted and reaped in this J

Island, shall be exported from hence to any other Island, without a Licencetocxpo^Uvc for that Purpose first had and obtained from the Governor, or Commander in Stc.ck or Pr°' Chief of this Island for the Time being, with Consent of the Council: And m'u"dr °with-if the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being shall receive Information, or have Reason to suspect that any Person shall hereafter fell to any other Per- vemor, with Ion, in order to be shipped off, or be aiding, abetting, or aflilting to the fend-

ing off this Island any Cattle, Horses, Asses, or other live Stock, or Provisions imported into, bred, planted, and reaped in this Island, or buy up and ingross the fame, with an Intention to retail or fell again afterwards at immoderate and advanced Prices, contrary to the Design, Intention, or true Intent and Meaning of this, or any former Act in force here, without a Licence first had and obtained from the Governor, or Commander in Chief, with the Consent of the Council for that Purpose; the said Treasurer shall summon, or call before him immediately, the Person or Persons so informed against or fu-spefted, and all and every other Person and Persons who can teilify or give Evidence therein, and him, her, or them llridtly to examine and interrogate upon Oath, touching and concerning such felling, shipping, Exportation, or ingrossing; and the said Treasurer shall immediately proceed against the Delinquent or Delinquents, who shall by Proof be found guilty of such Practices, Penalty for the Forfeitures and Penalties imposed and laid by any former Law or Statute, according to the Method therein prescribed and established; but where no such Forfeiture or Penalty is or are in those Acts appointed, the said Treasurer shall directly issue his Execution against the Offender or Offenders, for treble the Value or Price of what is or are so proved to be exported, directed to any Constable, requiring him to levy the lame upon any the Goods, Chat- h6w to be rei tels, or other Estate and Effects of the Person or Persons lo offending; and covered.

In Default thereof, on the Body, which if not to be found, the said Execution shall by the said Constable be levied upon the Goods, Chattels, or other Estate and Effects of the Security or Securities entred into, and given at the Secretary’s Office for the Vessel or Vessels wherein such Exportation was made j but in case no such Security shall have been given for such Vessel or Vessels, then, and in that Cafe, such Vessel or Vessels, with her or their Tackle,

Apparel, and Furniture, shall be subject and liable to be seized and condemned* whenever afterwards Ihe or they can be met with j and if the said Security or Securities, Mailer or Owner of the said Vessel or Vessels, or any other Person proceeded against by the said Treasurer, shall apprehend him or therri-selves aggrieved or injured by such Proceedings of the Treasurer, he or they may apply by Petition to the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and the Council of this Island, for Relief, who are hereby impowered to hear and determine the fame, and do therein what they think just, meet, and proper* but if such Exportation or Ingrossing cannot be proved* or made appear otherways than by the Offender’s own Oath or Confession, he, she, or they shall in that Cafe pay down immediately the full Value or Price of what was so exported or ingrossed, or otherwisej and in case of Neglect or Rjefu-fel to appear and be sworn, he, she, or they, and all other Persons in Contempt against this Act, shall stand committed to the common Gapl of this Island, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, till they conforrft to, and comply with the Directions hereof: And the Forfeitures arising by this Act,*nd applied; shall be to the Ring’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and be proceeded for, raised, and recovered, in like manner as Debts due on Excise Bonds are appointed to be collected, and be applied to the Uses of the Excise Act for the current Year.

410

The LAWS of BARBADOES

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Treasurer shall neglect to proceed against any Offender or Offenders, on having Treasurer Notice of such Exportation or Ingrossing, he shall forfeit and pay to the King’s neglecting his Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors (to be recovered in any Yaefi for£eit* Court of Record in this Island, and applied to the Uses of the Excil'e Act, in force when such Forfeiture accrued) the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money: But the said Treasurer shall and may, and he is hereby impowered and directed to allow a reasonable Reward or Gratuity out of every Forfeiture he shall collect and receive, not exceeding One third Part thereof, to and among such Person or Persons, as Avail give him Information of any Offender or Offenders, or be otherwise serviceable in making Discoveries for the more effectual putting this Law in Execution.

J12° 725. An Act for appointing an Agent for this If and in Great Britain.

Expired. 3

1*6. An Act to oblige Church-wardens to give Security for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices •, and for the better regulating the Manner of their Election and Accounting.

WHEREAS many Church-wardens in this Island, after collecting the parochial Taxes and Assessments laid and imposed by the respective Vestries in this Island on their Parishioners, have applied the Money to their own Use j and being unable to answer and satisfy the Balance found due from them, and not having sufficient Estate to be extended in Satisfaction thereof^ the Parish Debts have been suffered to increase, and the Rector’s Salary, as well as many other Expences of the Parish, to discharge which the said Assessments were laid, have remained unpaid, which has occasioned the succeeding Levies to be much larger than they would otherways have been, had the Churchwardens faithfully executed their Offices j which Practices being highly injurious to the Publick, and chiefly arising for want of proper Security being voluntarily given by the Church-wardens, as there is no Law in force here to compel them thereto, and few of the several Vestries in this Island require such Security of the Person elected by them to be Church-warden, it is absolutely necessary to prevent such Injustice happening for the Time to come; be it therefore enacted by the Honourable James Dottin Esquire, President of His Majesty's Cquncil, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Guardeloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication of this Act, the Vestry of every Parish shall, on the Five and twentieth

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

411

Day of March in every Year, or at the first Meeting afterwards (which shall always be in Twenty one Days next following) make choice of, and appoint some honest and substantial Inhabitant to be Church-warden of the said Parish for the then present Year, to continue in the said Office till the Five and point jt0 ap" twentieth Day of March ensuing, and no longer j and shall within Ten Days Church-ward-after such Appointment, cause Notice to be given to the Person lo elected, ei- etlevery ear» ther personally, or by a Note in Writing, to be left by some white Man at his usual Place of Abode, of his being lb chosen, and also of the Time and Place when and where they will attend to receive the Security herein after required, to the end that he may provide the lame accordingly: And such Per- who i$ to son so defied Church-warden, after having such Notice, shall, at the Time for^hcTaVtlf-and Place appointed by the said Vestry, attend with Two good and Efficient ^"iDiRh^rge Securities, to be approved of by the said Vestry, to be jointly and severally bound in a Recognizance, to be taken and tested by the eldest Vestryman then present, and not chosen Church-warden, who is hereby impowered to take the said Security to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Sum agreed upon by the said Vestry, which is not to exceed, nor be less than double the Value of what they shall compute the Collection that Year may amount unto, conditioned for the'honest accounting and paying all Monies that the said Person shall receive, or may legally be chargeable with as Church-warden; and the said Recognizance shall be returned into the Remembrancer’s Office of the Court of Exchequer in this Island, there to remain till the said Church-warden shall account, and be fully discharged by the Vestry of his. Parish; when, on producing such Discharge to the Remembrancer, or his lawful Deputy, and leaving a Copy thereof with him, the said Recognizance shall be delivered up to be cancelled, but otherways shall continue in the Possession of the said Officer, to be proceeded on according to Law.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Provision said Person so elected Church-warden, shall neglect or refuse to attend with ‘fcfen liich Security, and enter into such Recognizance, as aforesaid j then, and inrefufe* to such Case, the said Vestry shall, if they think proper, forthwith; or at anyferve> subsequent Meeting, without Lois of Time, proceed to the Election of lbme other Person to be Church-warden for that Year, who shall be obliged in like manner to provide and enter into such Security, as aforesaid; and upon his Neglect or Refusal so to do, the Vestry are hereby impowered from time to time to proceed, if they think fit, in the Manner aforesaid, until a Person shall be elected, who will enter into such Security; and if no Person is or can be chosen by the Vestry before the Twenty fifth of April in every Year, or the Vestry shall fail meeting, or making such Choice, and any other Person will appear before the Vestry, and voluntarily-propose to accept of the said Office, and give such Security, such Person shall be accepted of, and chofon Churchwarden, and have and be allowed all the usual Advantages and Perquisites claimed by, and allowed to the immediate precedent Church-warden of the said Parish, provided the fame be not more than any other Person offering to undertake the Office, on giving such Security, will do the lame for; and in case the Vestry shall refuse to accept and elect the said Person to be Churchwarden, and will not in the mean time procure some other to be Church-warden on the Terms beforementioned, the Person lb offering, and refilled, shall and may apply to the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, fitting in Council; and on there entring into liich Security, he shall be appointed Church-warden of the said Parish,' in like manner as if .fee- had been elected, chosen, and appointed by the Vestry of the said Parish to be their Church-warden.

III. And whereas in some of the Parishes of this Island, it has been found for poor difficult to procure a Person to execute the Office of Church-warden, though Pariffiek no Security was required j and therefore in those Parishes, if the Security before

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Vestry neg-lifting to U c ior Arrears,

appointed should be insisted on, it will be adding to the Difficulty, to nominate and provide a Person who will comply with those Terms; nor can it be expected, that any One will voluntarily offer himself to accept of the said Office, which in the said Parishesis attended with no Profit, but some Trouble} and for want of a Church-warden many Inconveniencies will arise, the parochial Tax remain uncoIlected, and the Rector, Poor, and other Parish Debts continue unpaid : To prevent which, and as the Mischiefs first taken Notice of do not happen or arise in those Parishes, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case on the electing of a Person to serve as Churchwarden for any Parish in this Island, such Person shall neglect or refuse to give the Security before required, or the Veilry shall not think proper to demand it of him, or make choice of another Person, who will give such Security } nor any Person will, within Twenty Days after the said Choice, voluntarily offer or propose to accept of the said Office, and give such Security} then inch Person first chosen shall be Church-warden of the said Parish, and is here- . by enabled to execute the said Office, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had given the Security herein before required } any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-standingi

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Ve-y of any Parish in this Island shall refuse or neglect to proceed against any

the Goverrot Church-warden for the Arrears due from him, according to the Directions and co ,;r to Appointments of any Laws now in force, or which hereafter may be in force here, and shall continue so to refuse or delay proceeding against such Churchwarden for the Space of One Month; any Vestryman of tire said Parish shall and may make Complaint of such Neglect or Refusal to the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, and Council, fitting in Council; and on hearing such Complaint, the said Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council, shall summon and call before them the said Church-warden so in arrear, and examine into, and settle his Accounts, and proceed against him in such manner as they might have done on a Complaint made and proved by the Majority of the Vestry of the said Parish, or shall order the Recognizance .entred into, to be put in Suit, and proceeded on according to Law.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Member of [the] Vestry shall object to the Sufficiency of the Security proposed, and about to be accepted of for the Person elected Church-warden, and will then nominate any other Person to that Office with more sufficient Security, such Person shall, on giving better Security, be accepted of and appointed Church-warden, unless the Person first elected will give other and more

and to deter- sufficient Security } and if the Members of the Vestry cannot agree about such fta'n beh° ' Security, the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island, and Council, Church-ward-fitting in Council, shall be Judges thereof} and such Person be Church-warden Vestry cannot of the Parish, whose Security is approved of by them.

agree.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

413

An Act to inforce and vender effectual in this Island the federal AEtsl$° 727-or Statutes made in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain heretofore called England, for obliging Feffels to perform Quarentine 5 and for preventing the Dangers nvhich may happen to this Island from contagious Difempers3 brought here by Ships, or other Vessels arriving from Foreign Parts.

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of this Hland have often very much suffered, by Occasion of contagious Distempers, brought hither by Ships, and other Vessels arriving from Foreign Parts; the spreading of which Contagions might, by the Blessing of God, have been altogether, or in great measure prevented, if the said Vessels had, on their first Arrival here, been visited, and due Care taken of the Sick on board, and proper Means used to prevent an Intercourse between them and the People on shore, which might effectually have been done, if the Acts or Statutes made in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain heretofore called England, had been rendered effectual, and put in force here; in order where to, and for preventing the like Mischiefs happening for the future, be it enacted by the Honourable James Dottin Esquire,

President of His Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this, and all other His Majesty's Carribbee Elands lying and being to Windward of Guar-deloup. Sec. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Statutes made in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Bri- ing Quaren-tain heretofore called England, for preventing any contagious Distemper being observedhere. brought into the said Kingdom, and all and every the Clauses, Articles, and Things in the said Acts o.r Statutes contained, shall be of force in this Island, and be made use of here, so far as conveniently they may be, for preventing any contagious Distemper being brought hither j and the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, is hereby impowered, and humbly desired to order such inferred Vessel to perform Quarantine, or to depart from this Island; and, with the Advice and Consent of the Council, shall fully execute all and every the several other Powers and Authorities in the said Acts granted to His Majesty and His Successors, so far as such Powers and Authorities may be conveniently executed and inforced here, without Prejudice to the Rights, Liberties, and Properties of the Inhabitants, which shall not be affected by any Order of the Governor, or Ccpniiander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, and Council, without the Concurrence and Consent of the General Assembly.

II. And be it further enacted by die Authority aforesaid, That the Officer An Officer herein after appointed, or fbme other Person named by him, shall, if poffi- wK*swpf ble, repair on board all Ships, and other Vessels coming to this Island from coming from Foreign Parts, before such Veftet shall anchor in any Port or Bay of dlls before "hey"* Island, or at least before she anchors in Carlisle Bay, and shall diligently, care- anchor, folly, and crrcumfpaftly esquire and examine into the State of Health of all and every the Persons on board such Vessel, and ask any Questions he shall think proper, for his better Information therein j and in case it shall appear on such Examination, or from searching the said Vessel, which the said Officer is hereby impowered to do, that any Person on board, or the said Vessel is infected; then it foallbe lawful for foe Officers of any Ships of War, or of any Forts or Garrisons, and all other His Majesty's Officers whom it may concern.

4i4

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

*738-

ing contrary to the Laws or Quaresi-tine.

i cern, on Notice thereof given to them, and for any other Persons whom they shall call to their Assistance, to relict the Entrance of such Ship or Vessel into any Port or Place, and to oblige such Vessel to depart out of the fame, and to use all necessary Means for either of the said Purposes, be it by firing of Guns upon such Vessel, or any other kind of Force and Violence whatsoever; and the said Officer shall immediately make his Report on Oath concerning such Vessel, to the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, in order to receive his further Orders and Directions Peraky o:\ therein: And if any Captain, Master, Commander, Merchant, or Owner of any Ma ici s ad- jnfe{g.e(j shall act himself, or allow any other Person to act contrary

to the Orders and Directions of the said Governor, or Commander in Chief, or be guilty of a wilful Breach of any of the said Statutes of England, concerning Quarentine, or preventing Infection; he and they, their Vessels, and Goods, shall be liable to the Penalties, Losses, and Forfeitures in the said Acts contained; such Forfeitures to be recovered in any Court of Record in this Island, by the Treasurer for the Time being, and applied to the Uses of the Excise Act for the then current Year.

Sieved bS" III. 'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the ti.e inspector said Inspector of Health, or Person appointed by him, shall prevent any Vef-hov^to'be’r not with a contagious Distemper, from coming to, and anchor-

lieved. ing among the other Vessels, or lay any unnecessary Hardships or Impositions on any Vessel whatsoever coming to this Island; the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Behaviour of the said Inspector of Health, shall be at liberty, and is or are hereby impowered to commence an Action in any Court of Record in this Island against the said Officer, and shall recover against him the full Damages and Losses proved to have been occasioned by the Mif-ini" cftor°!l behaviour of the said Officer : And if he shall be guilty of any wilful Breach Misbehaviour.or Neglect of his Duty, in executing any Orders concerning Quarentine, and the Prevention of Infection, he shall forfeit his Office, and also the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; to be recovered by the Treasurer in any Court of Record in this Island, and applied to the Uses of the Excise Act in force for the then current Year, infjectcr and IV7. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John a'formed! Lcmaban Gentleman, be, and he is hereby appointed Inspector of Health for and during the Space of One Year from the Commencement of this Act, at and under the Salary of One hundred Pounds current Money, to be paid to him, or the Inspector of Health for the Time being, in Two Half Yearly Payments, by the Treasurer of this Island for the Time being, out of any the publick Monies in his Hands; which Payment shall be allowed to the said Treasurer by the Committee of publick Accounts, on his accounting with them for the publick Money.

°r, , V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case

removing be -

fore the Ex- the said John Lana ban, or any other Person hereafter to be appointed by Els'*Year 0t»n-the General Assembly, shall happen to die, or go off this Island before the other to’be Expiration of the said Year; then, and in such Case, the Governor, or die Governor, Commander in Chief for the Time being, is hereby humbly desired, and &>c. . ’impowered to appoint and nominate Ibme proper Person to execute the

' . : said Office of Inspector of Health, in the room of the said Person lb dying,

or going off for the Space of One Month, to be computed from the Day of his Death, or going off*, and no longer; but in case the General Assembly shall meet looner than a Month after such Death or Departure, and make choice of some Person to supply the Place of the said Person lo dead, or gone off, then, and in such Case, the Person by the feud Assembly nominated, when approved of by the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and Council, shall execute the feud Office for the Remainder of the said Year, and such Nomination by the Governor, or Commander in Chief,

shall

The LAWS of BARBADOES

4*5

shall from thenceforth cease and determine j and in like manner the General -*>

Assembly of this Island shall and may hereafter annually make choice of __ I73^-some proper Person to be Inspector of Health, who, when approved of by the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and Council,

shall continue in the said Office, at the Salary aforesaid, for the Space of One Year, and no longer; but in case the said Assembly shall neglect or refuse annually to appoint such Officer, the Person appointed by the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, to execute the said Office, shall not be intitled to demand or receive the said Salary, or any Part thereof, but on an Order issued on an Address from the General Assembly, praying Payment thereof.

F I N I S.

U u u

A N

ABRIDGMENT

OF THE

Acts of A (Terribly,

PASSED in the

Island of Barbadoes;

From 1717-18, to 1738, inclusive.

LONDON:

Printed by JOHN B AS KE TT, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. MDCCXXXIX.

4-17

These following Acts were not come to Hand when the foregoing were printed off.

- Y -

Mn Mtt to quiet the Minds of the Inhabitants of this ir. y_s. Island agamji the Ten ors and Mpprehensions they lie under of a Spiritual Court; and to provide that no Tccic-Jiafhcal Taw or Jurisdtclion shall have Tower to enforce3 confirm, or establifj any penal Multi or Punishment in any Case whatsoever within this Island.

WHEREAS an Attempt has been lately made to ered a Spiritual Court Preamble, in this Island, and allb it is said, and a common Clamour is made, that there is yet a Design to introduce such Court here j and the Inhabitants of this Island are much alarmed and dilquieted thereat: And whereas such Court, if the fame should be suffered to be erected here, will clath with the municipal Laws of this Island, embarrals the Government, vex and torment the Gentry, separate the substantial Freeholders, and ruin the common People j now for the quieting the Minds of the Inhabitants of this Island against the Terrors and Apprehensions they lie under of such Spiritual Court, and preventing the Mischiefs aforesaid, be it enacted by his Excellency Robert 1/nother Esquire, hfs Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charib-bee Islands to Windward of Guardaloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of his Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and 'by the Fine or Authority of the same, That no Ecclesiastical Law or Jurisdiction shall have!’ 'n'be’imp^f-Power to enforce, confirm, or establish any Mulct or Punishment in any Case^,1i[tl:^Kc' whatsoever within this Island. Law,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume to attempt to enforce, confirm, pr establish, by any Ecclesiastical Law or Jurisdiction, any penal Mulct or Punishment in any Cale whatsoever within this Island, or move, purchase, or procure any Process, Summons, Citations, Sentences, or Judgements, of what Nature, Kind, or Quality Ibever they be, in, from, or out of such Spiritual Court, or serve or execute any of the fame Process 3 every such Person or Persons lo doing, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred on the Penalty Pounds current Money of this Island; the one TIalf to the Sovereign Lord °4fMoney.1* the King, his Heirs, and Successors, for the Use of the Fortifications of this Island, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that shall sue for the lame in any of the Courts of Record within this Island, wherein no Wager of Law,

Essoign, Protection, or Injunction shall be allowed; and all and every such Process, Summons, Citations, Sentences, and judgements, in, from, or out of such Spiritual Court, shall be and are hereby declared null and void, laving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and to the Governors and Commanders in Chief of this Island for the time being,

'all such Rights, Privileges, Powers, and Authorities, as they have at any time heretofore used, exercised, and enjoyed, or do now use, exercise, and enjoy.

X x x Mn

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

- i

1720.

H30 729 An additional Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for the better settling Inteitates Estates, and for enabling Fathers to dispose of the Custody of their Children during their Minority.

FOR the explaining a certain Act Or Statute of this Island, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and now in full Force, intituled, An Act for the better settling Intestates Estates, and for enabling Fathers to dispose of the-Custody of their Children during their Minority, be it provided and enacted, and it is hereby provided and enacted by the Honourable John Frere Esquire, President of his Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guardaloup, the Honourable the Members of his Majesty's Council, and ftntorfMi be General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That

brought to ac* no Administrator shall, from and after Publication hereof, be cited to any the count. Courts in the said Act mentioned, to render an Account of the Personal Estate of his Intestate (otherwise than by Inventory or Inventories thereof) unless it be at the Instance or Prosecution of some Person or Persons in Behalf of a Minor, or having a demand out of such Personal Estate as a Creditor or next of Kin, nor be compellable to account before the Ordinary or Court by the said Act impowered and appointed to take the fame, otherwise than as is aforesaid; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

Estate of an

That if after the Death of a Father, any of his Children shall die Intestate, Srestateflbow without Wife or Children, in the Life-time of the Mother, every Brother and to be divided. Sifter, and the Representatives of them, shall have an equal Share with her j any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1722.

J13° 730. An Act to repeal the Act made the Sixth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, in the Fourth Fear of his Majesty s Reign, intituled, .An Act for die better ordering and regulating the Proceedings of his Majesty's Courts of Common Pleas within this Island; and also the Act made the Seventeenth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and in the Fourth Year of his Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oath appointed by an Act of this Island to be taken by Attornies employed to draw up Special Verdicts, and appointing another Oath instead thereof.

citi£m*AftT "VX 7" HERE AS an Act of this Island was made and passed on the Sixth piflfct Gee.l. Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and in the Fourth Year of ms Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better ordering

419

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

and regulating the Proceedings of his Majesty's Courts of Common Pleas within --i

this Island: And whereas also one other Act of the said Island was made and 1722" passed the Seventeenth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and eigh-teen, and in the Fourth Year of his Majesty's Reigns intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oath appointed by an Act of this Island to be taken by Attornies to be employed to draw up Special Verdicts, and appointing another Oath instead thereof:

And whereas divers Inconveniencies have been found by Experience to follow from the same, to the retarding of Business in the Courts of Common Pleas, in this Island more particularly, by the drawing of Prolixo Affidavits to be annexed to each Special Verdict, pursuant to the said first above mentioned Act; be it therefore enacted by the Honourable Samuel Cox Esquire, President of his Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this his Majesty's Island of Barbadoes, and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guardaloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of his Majesty's Council, and General Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same, That the before mentioned Acts, and all the Thejak! Acts Matters and Things therein contained, shall be, and are hereby repealed, an-Kp"^ nulled, and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. Provided nevertheless, That such Repeal shall not in any fort prejudice or make invalid any Special Verdict now remaining of Record here, and which hath been drawn up and framed pursuant to the Directions of the before mentioned Acts.

II. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in^ case any Matter of Law shall hereafter arise upon the Trial of any Issue in any cial VerdA. of the said Courts of Common Pleas, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in this Island, if any Counsellor at Law, who is of Counsel for the Plaintiff or Defendant, shall move the Court for a Special Verdict in the said Cause, the said Court shall direct the Jury in such Case to find the Matter Specially} and the said Jury are hereby required to yield due Obedience to the Directions of the said Court; and if the said Jury shall, contrary to such Direction, bring in a General Verdict in the said Cause, the said Court are hereby authorized. and required to reject the said Verdict, and to fend the Jury out again to bring in a Special Verdict, which shall and may be drawn up in such Manner as was practised before the making of the herein before mentioned Acts.

An Act the better to enable the several Vefries of theft? 731* feve?al Tarfbes of Saint Michael, Christ Church, Saint James, and Saint PeterV All-faints, to tax new Comers and JSLon-residents trading there, towards their ‘Parish Charges.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Town of Saint Michael in the Parish of Saint Michael

Oifime's Town, in the Parish of Christ Church, the Hole Pawn in the Parish of Saint James, and Speights Poim in the Parish of Saint Peter’s All* faints in this Island, are and for many Years last past have been the most frequented Places of Trade in this Island: And whereas several sick and disabled Mariners, and other poor People not Inhabitants of the said Parishes, do daily refbrt to the said Towns, and there abide and become burthensome to the said Parishes: And whereas several Masters of Skips, Supra-cargos, and other Persons

4^-0

The LAWS of BARBADOE S.

r—A—-

1722.

"V-—

New Comers or Non-residents to be taxed 2 rrr CW.7.

Churchwardens to settle the Quantum.

Justiceimpow-ered to give an Oath.

Fornrjf Oath.

the

fons not settled Inhabitants of this Island, do daily import into, and sell and dispose of great Quantities of Goods, "Wares, and Merchandizes within the said Parishes, and thereby acquire to themselves great Profits and Advantages by Commission and otherwise; and it is highly real'onable that such new Comers and Non-residents so trading within the Paid Parishes should bear a proportionable Part of the necessary Parochial Charges of the said Parishes, as well as the settled Inhabitants thereof; be it therefore enacted by the Honourable Samuel Cox Esquire, President of his Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guardaloup, the Honourable the Members of his Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the respective Vestries of the said several Parishes for the time being, or the major Part of the said respective Vestries, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to assess and set a Levy or Rate on all new Comers and Non-residents trading or that shall trade within their relpedUve Parishes, towards defraying their Parish Charges, such Levy not to exceed Two Pounds per Cent, of the Value of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, which such new Comers and Non-residents shall trade for within the Parish where such Levy shall be assessed and set j and the said Levy or Rate so to be made by the said respective Vestries, or the major Part of them, being published Three Sundays in the Parish Church of the respective Parish where such Levy or Rate shall be made, and no Exception taken thereto, shall be approved of and confirmed by the Governor or Commander in Chief, and Council, and an Attachment under the Hand of the said Governor or Commander in Chief be granted for the levying and railing the fame, in the same Manner as the Levies of the settled Inhabitants of the said Parish are levied and raised.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective acting Churchwardens of the said several Parishes for the time being shall, and they are hereby severally impowered to adjust and agree with every such new Comer or Non-resident, so trading as aforesaid, the Quantum to be paid by such new Comer or Non-resident, according to such Levy or Rate so to be made and laid on such new Comers and Non-residents; and if any Dispute shall arise between any such Churchwarden and any new Comer or Non-resident so trading as aforesaid, touching the Value on Amount of the Goods traded for by such new Comer or Non-resident, and the Quantum of the Levy thereof be paid, the lame shall be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace residing within the same Parish; and who is hereby impowered and required, upon Application to him to be made by any Churchwarden of the said Parish, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to be directed to any Constable of the said Parish, to cause every such new Comer or Non-resident who shall have such Dispute with such Churchwarden, to be brought before him, and to examine such new Comer or Non-resident upon his Corporal Oath touching the Value of the Goods by him traded for within the said Parish (which Oath shall be in the Words following) and determine the Quantum of the Levy to be paid by Inch new Comer or Non-resident, according to the Levy or Rate made by the Vestry of the said Parish (viz.)

I A.B. da truly and fncerely Jhvear upon the holy Evangelijls of Almighty God, *- ' ‘That jince my Arrival to this Island I have not traded for, bartered for more Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, than amount to the Sum of f. and that the said Sum of £. is all that I have traded or bartered for face my Arrival, to the best of my Knowledge or Belief.

So help me God,

And if such new Comer or Non-resident shall then refuse or neglect to pay his Levy so ascertained by such Oath into the Hands of the Churchwarden of the said

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

4^.1

said Parish, such new Comer or Non-resident shall be forthwith committed r-—A—"> by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, to be issued to any r722-Constable of the said Parish, to the common Gaol of this Island, and there remain without Bail or Mainprize until he pay his said Levy.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ju- imprisonsJ, ftice of the Peace or Constable shall refuse or neglect to do what by this Law is in this Behalf required of them respectively, every such Justice of the Peace or Constable shall forfeit for every such Refufel or Neglect the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money of this Island; to be recovered as in the Cale of Servants Wages, and to be employed by the Churchwarden who shall recover the feme, for defraying the Parochial Dues, and Charges of his Parish, according to such Orders as he shall from time to time receive from the Vestry.

Penruty on a Justice or CoiS (table's Neglect of Duty;,

sin slcl to encourage the Inhabitants of this If and to be- J0° 732-come Owners of Kef els; and to remit the Towder Duty to such Kef]els as shall touch here to wood and water, to know the Market, or in Difrefs.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Increase of Navigation is and will be of great Use

and Benefit to this Island, but more especially when the Inhabitants thereof are encouraged to become Owners of Vessels, to trade to and from this Island, and many of the poor Inhabitants are employed in such Vessels; be it therefore enacted by the Honourable Samuel Cox Esquire, President of his Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Guardaloup, the Honourable the Members of his Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof. Owners or all such Ships or Vessels trading to and from this Island as are or shall be owned wholly or in Part by the Inhabitants or Traders residing in this Island, shall, inhabitants, if wholly owned as aforesaid,- be absolutely acquitted and discharged from pay- from the Fow-ing any Duty of Powder, or if partly owned, then in Proportion to the Snares der DutJr-or Parts by him or them owned.

II. And to the Intent that no Deceit may be herein practised by Persons pretending to be Owners of Vessels who are really not fb, whereby the Payment of the Powder Duty may be evaded} be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Vessel shall arrive here that is asserted to belong to Owner to the Inhabitants of this Island, as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners thereof shall, within the Time limited for her being entered, appear before the Keeper of the Stores of the Magazines for the time being, and make Oath of and concerning the Property of the said Vessel, in the Words following, viz.

I A.B. do swear upon the holy Evangelijls of Almighty God’ That I am really Form of the and bona fide the true Owner of part or the Whole of the Ship 0lt*'

or Vessel called whereof enters as Master or Comman-

der thereof.

So help me God.

And

Yy y

7'he LAWS of BAR BA D O E S.

1722.

the Store keeper.

What other

And the Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine is hereby impowered and required to administer the said Oath; and it appearing that the said Vessel is Direction, for owned wholly or in Part, as aforesaid, by any of the Inhabitants of this Island, or Traders, as al'orelaid, he the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine shall certify the same to the Secretary of this Island for the time being, to the End that it might be known that the Powder Duty afore laid is remitted; and if any the Owners or Owner of such Vessel as aforesaid shall happen to be lick, or not able to attend the said Storekeeper to take the said Oath, that then and in such case such Owner or Owners shall appear before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in this Island, and take the aforesaid Oath; who hath hereby full Power and Authority to administer the same, and to give a Certificate of the fame, in such Manner as is herein before provided and appointed for the said Storekeeper to do, otherwise no Allowance or Abatement of the said Powder Duty shall be had or allowed; any Law, Ullage, or Cullom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas oftentimes it happens that Vessels by Distress of Weather, the want of Wood and Water, or Provisions, or to know the Market, are forced to put in here only to supply such their Wants; and although the All impoling the Duty of Powder aforesaid was chiefly designed to be laid on such Vessels only as do trade hither, yet contrary to the true Meaning thereof the fame Impost of Powder has been required from all Vessels whatsoever that have arrived here, and entered; for Remedy of such Inconveniency for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases where cxcuiedThe be any Vessel shall arrive in any Port or Harbour of this Island only to refit and sup-Powder Duty, ply their Wants as aforesaid, and who does not break Bulk, but so much as his Majesty's Governor, President, or Commander in Chief for the time being shall think tit to allow him or them to fell for defraying the said Charge, the Powder Duty of all such Vessels fit all be remitted, provided the chief Officer of all such Vessel or Vessels make Oath on the holy Evangelists of Almighty God, before the Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine for the time being, that he will not unload nor fuffier to be unloaded from his said Vessel any Goods or .Merchandize whatsoever, to a greater Value than he shall be licensed by his Majesty's Governor, President, or Commander in Chief for the time being, for defraying the said Charge; and the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine shall certify the lame to the Secretary for the time being, to the End that it may be known that the said Powder is remitted, for which Certificate there shall be Two Shillings and Six Pence paid, and no more; any Law, Usage, or Custom in any wile seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. An d forasmuch as feme Persons called Quakers, do refuse to take an Oath, Quahtrs may be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such People may, and they !umation.At" are hereby permitted instead of taking the Oath or Oaths required by this Law concerning the Property of any Vessel, or the unloading any Goods from any Vessel, to make and give their Affirmation in the Cafes aforesaid; and such Affirmation shall be as good and valid as an Oath, to excuse such Persons called Quakers from paying the said Powder Duty; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A ftp'

The LETT'S of BARBADOS S.

4*3

Tl Supplemental sTi to an Alcl, intitule cl, An Act tol:ecpi!5, 733, inviolate and preserve the Freedom of Elections., and appointing who shall be deemed Freeholders^ and be capable of electing or being elected AlTemblymen or Vestry-men, or to serve as Jurors to try real Actions within this Island.

WHEREAS in and by the aforesaid Act for the Preservation of thepreambl?.

Rights, Liberties, and Privileges of the People, in securing to them the free Election, of Representatives, there is no Oath appointed to be taken by the Person who shall act as Sheriff before the taking of the Poll: And whereas the appointing of an Oath to be taken before the Poll, will be a Means to have the said Poll fairly and impartially taken; be it therefore enacted by the Honourable Samuel Cox Esquire, President of his Majesty's Council, and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands lying and being to Windward of Guardahup, &c. the Honourable the Members of his Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, and it is hereby enabled accordingly. That at all future Elections of S’ySfF Assemblymen all and every Person and Persons to whom the Writ is directed Action fit to act as Sheriff, or who shall direct act as Sheriff, fit all be, and he and they Aflc;nblynion°-is and are hereby obliged and required, immediately before opening the Poll, to take the following Oath before any Justice of Peace or Candidate then present, who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same, viz.

I A.B. do swear, Fhat in taking the Pell this Day for Reprefejitatives of the? ormof the Par if of I will act candidly, fairly., and impartially, without °ath‘

Favour or AffeClion, Malice or Hatred, and according to the Directions, Limitations, and Regulations in the Act of Elections, dated the Eighteenth Day of July,

One thousand seven hundred and twenty one, and according to the Directions, Limitations, and Regulations in a Jiipplemental Act thereto, intituled, A supplemen-tal Act to an Act, intituled, An Act to keep inviolate and preserve the Freedom of Elections, and appointing who fall be deemed Freeholders, and be capable of electing or being elected Assemblymen or Fefrymen, or to serve as furors to try real Actions within this If and; according to the bef of my Skill and Judgement.

And in case any Person to whom any Writ for choosing Assemblymen is di-Sheriff- difquas redted, shall refuse or neglect to take the said Oath before he takes any Votes thS on the Poll, such Person shall be, and he is hereby declared to be thereby ipso facto disabled and rendered incapable to take the Poll; and all Votes by him act, on taking pretended to be taken shall be deemed and adjudged void and null; and theth"famo' Person to whom the said Writ is directed, in the Absence of such Person to whom it was first directed, shall be, upon his taking the Oath aforesaid, hereby impowered to execute all the Powers in the said Writ, and act as Sheriff, and take the said Poll, as fully and amply as if he were the Person to whom the Writ was first directed, and were possessed of the fame; but in case none of the Persons to whom the Writ was directed be present, and do qualify themselves to execute the fame, by taking the Oath aforesaid, that then, and in such Case, the Person present who would be intitled to take the Poll at the Election of a Vestry for the said Parish, upon taking the Oath aforesaid, shall be, and he is hereby impowered to take the Poll for Assemblymen, and make a Return thereof, as amply and fully and to all Intents and Purposes, as if he

were

4 2-4

The LA JVS of B A R B A D () E S.

1722.

Sheriff ta take an Oath at the Election of Vestries.

Qualification of a Freeholder.

were possessed of, and the Writ had been directed to him; and inch Poll so by him taken, and the Return thereof made, shall be held and deemed, and is hereby declared as good and valid as if the fame had been taken by virtue of and in pursuance of the Writ.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Oath shall be taken by the Person who acts as Sheriff at the Election of Vestries.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be possessed of Five or more Acres of Land, by Inheritance, by the last Will and Testament of any Person, by lawful Marriage, by the Courtesies of England, or in Right of DoWer, and shall by a real and bona Jide Deed purchase as many more Acres in the same Parish as will compleat a Freehold of Ten or more Acres, that such Persons so pofifeffed of Five> or more Acres by virtue of any of the Tenures aforesaid, shall be deemed as good a Freeholder as if the whole Ten or more Acres were held and possessed by Inheritance, by the last Will and Testament of any Person, by lawful Marriage, by the Courtesies of England, or in Right of Dower; any thing in the Act aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding j subject nevertheless to the fame Regulations, Restrictions, and Limitation of Times, as in the said Act is mentioned and declared in Relation to the Purchase of Lands, so as to be thereby qualified to vote within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

IV. And whereas in and by the aforesaid Law Parents are in an especial Manner allowed to qualify their Children to be Freeholders; and it has been doubted whether Daughters and Sons in Law be within the Intention of the

tosaid Law; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Deeds from any

a Uaugnter, or —. ' - f - J

Son in Law, to Parents to a Daughter, or to a Son in Law, shall be of the fame Force as if Foree^/oua- fame had been to a Son; and the Son in Law to whom or to whose Wife made touSon t^e Deed. is made from the Parent, shall be as well qualified to vote as if he were 0 ‘ an own Son; any thing in the Act aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

swi

313° 734. An ACC impowering the Honourable Samuel Cox Esquire, Hashadits ‘President of his Majestf s Counciland Commander in Chief, &c. to appoint new Commissioners to make Contracts for Timber, Iron-work, JJtenfils and Materials, for the immediate life and Repair of the For tifcations, as also to agree with Artificers and Labourers to be employed in that Service; and to render effectual what hath been done by some former Commissioners appointed by his late Excellency Robert Lowther Esquire, for those ‘Purposes*

An

4* T

The LAWS of BARBADOE S.

—"y

An Act allowing a Sum of Money to Constant Kelley Esquire* and his Assigns3 for every Cart or Vessele which Jtpir<’ ' fall he made in this Island in the fame Marnier and Form with a Model or Frame of a Cart or Vessele contrived by him the said Kelley* during the Term of Seven Years; and refraining all other‘F ersons whatsoever from making, framing, or working any such Cart or Vessele without the Leave, Consent, or Approbation of the said Kelley firs had and obtained, under a certain Tenalty.

1723.

An Act requiring all Persons whatsoever in this I [land to jft0 736. bring in to the Treasurer for the time being a true Lift Expir!:d' of all Orders or other Debts due to him, her, or them, from the Tub lick of this Island.

• , t i f A Df-

An Aid exempting his Excellency from paying Excise Du- jq° 737-ties for Wines, or other strong Liquors imported or Expired’ bought for the Use of his Excellency s Cellars.

1727#

An Act for repealing Tart of an Act, intituled, A 738,

plemental Adfc to an Act* intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on new Negroes* and other Slaves imported this If and.

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in this Island bearing Date the Se-Preamble venth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and fifteen, intituled, Jin A5i for saying a Duty on new Negroesand other Slaves, imported

% z z~ *L:‘

this

4x6 The LAWS of BARBADOES.

i~ this Island, and now in full Force, it is enacted amongst other Things, That

, 1727‘^ no Negroes or other Slaves whatsoever, which shall for the future be once imported this Island, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Five Shillings a Head, but such only which shall be within Forty eight Hours exported in the fame Ship or Vessel wherein they were brought and imported: And whereas the Limitation of the said Time of Forty eight Hours for the Exportation of such Negroes or other Slaves, is found by Experience to be inconvenient and prejudicial to Trade; be it enacted by his Excellency Henry Worsley Esquire, His Majesty's Captain General, and Governor of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guardaloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of AaforExpor-His Majesty's Council, the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Au-^roe^'m thority of the same, That the said Limitation of Forty eight Hours time in Hours, repeal- the said recited Act contained, shall be, and is hereby repealed and made void ed‘ to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Negroesim-

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Ne-ported fn thef" groes or other Slaves as shall for the future be imported into this Island, and pay no"Duty10 be exported in the fame Ship or Vessel wherein they were brought and

imported, shall be exempted from the Payment of the said Duty of Five Shil-Proviso. ljngS a Head. Provided always nevertheless. That in that Cafe, before any such Ship or other Vessel exporting any Negroes or other Slaves shall be permitted to clear from this Island without paying the Duty aforesaid, the Maher or Commander of such Ship or other Vessel, Supra-cargo, or Merchant, shall make Oath before the Treasurer of this Island for the time being which he is hereby impowered and required to administer) That no Person whatsoever since his Arrival at this Island hath purchased any of the Negroes or other Slaves intended to be so exported, and that no Contract or Agreement, either verbal or in writing, is made or entered into with any Person whatsoever in this Island, for or concerning the Sale or Delivery of the said Negroes, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, at any other Place or Places whatsoever, but that the said Negroes and other Slaves, and every of them, are duly and bona jide exported on the proper Account and Risque of the first Con-signer or Consigners, and for his and their only Use, Benefit, and Advantage.

30° 739. yin yiCt appointing a Treasurer.

Expired.

17 30.

J®° 740. yin yitt for the Encouragement of Thomas Stevenson Gentleman, in his new ‘Proje&ion of Windmills for grinding Sugar Canes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the said Thomas Stevenson hath lately projected a Method W of building Windmills for grinding Sugar Canes, the Vanes of which Description of Mills are to go round nearly from East to West, and their Shafts to be a Paral-the Windmill. to Horizon, and nearly North and South, which Projection he the said

4X7

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

Thomas Stevenson is willing to communicate for the Good and Advantage of this r—~*-—\ Place; to the End therefore that the said Thomas Stevenson may be encouraged I73°- _ in so useful an Undertaking, be it enacted by his Excellency Henry Worjley Esquire, v—'~v His Majesty's Captain General, and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guardaloup, the Honourable the Members of his Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the aforesaid Thomas Stevenson, his Executors, The inven^on Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, and he and they hath and have here-by granted unto him and them the foie Benefit and Advantage of buildingfor 21 Yejr-Windmills after the Manner aforesaid by him projected, for and during the Space of One and twenty Years next to come, from and after the Publication of this Act; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever during the Term and Penai-v on Time hereby limited, shall presume to build or erect, or cause, suffer, or per- witidmiiu of snit to be built or erected on his, her, or their Estate, or on any Estate which out LcavJf he, she, or they shall have, hold, or manage, in Trust or other wise, within-the Proprietor, this Island, any such Windmill whose Vanes shall go round nearly from East to West, and the Shaft lie parallel to the Horizon, and nearly North and South, according to the Projection of the said Thomas Stevenson, as aforesaid, without a Permission or Licence in Writing first had and obtained from the said Thomas Stevenson, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, on Pain that all and every such Person or Persons so offending contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, and he, she, and they is and are thereby obliged to pay unto the said Thomas Stevenson, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Sum of Sixty Pounds current Money of this Island, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in this Island.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Per-Proprietary son whatsoever, who shall apply to the said Thomas Stevenson, his Executors, moi/bu^aur Administrators, or Assigns, for any such Licence or Licences, shall pay unto his i’r°JccUon. him or them the Sum of Thirty Pounds current Money of this Island, and no

more, for each Windmill to be built according to the Projection of the said Thomas Stevenson, as aforesaid.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons who shall have once obtained such Licence be minded to build another or more Mills on the fame Estate whereon he, she, or they shall have built a Mill according to the aforesaid Projection, pursuant to such Licence, such Person or Persons shall not

be obliged to pay a second Time, or oftner, for building any such other new Mill or Mills on the fame Estate, after or according to the Projection aforesaid y any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

HnHtt for the Encouragement <?/'Thomas Sainthill Esquire 3 74I-

in his new Projections of hanging of Coppers for making Sugar, making Cattle-mills3 Horse-mills3 and Horizontal-mills for grinding Sugar Canes3 Time Kilns for burning Lime3 and Engines for raising Water, and of cleansing Cane Liquor without Fire.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the said Thomas Sainthill hath lately projected a new Me-

thod of hanging of Coppers for making of Sugars, by which Method the said Coppers will consume leis Fewel, make Sugar sooner, and last longer than

4*8

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

-Aw—

173

o.

than now they do; and of making Cattle-mills and Horse-mills, as also Horizontal-mills, for grinding Sugar Canes, by which Method Sugar Canes will be ground with more Ease and Expedition than now they are, and of making Lime Kilns to burn Lime with small Wood, brush or field Cane-trash, by which Method Lime will be made cheaper and quicker than now, and the lame will be pure and unmixt, and of making Engines to force Water to the perpendicular Height of Seventy or Eighty Foot, which will lave the Labour of Slave Horses and Cattle, and of cleansing Cane Liquor from all Filth without Fire, lb as Four hundred Gallons of Cane Liquor will be thereby clarified in half an Hour, and the Liquor so clarified make more and better Sugar than it would have done if clarified in the usual Manner; ail which several Projections the said Thomas Saintbill is willing to communicate for the Good and Advantage of this Island; to the End therefore that the said Thomas Saintbill may be encouraged in such his useful Undertakings, be it enacted by his Excellency Henry Worsley Esquire, His Majesty's Captain General and Governor in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Islands to Windward of Guardaloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly Hsng'ng Cj-p- of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the said 'Thomas Saint-fe- A///, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns shall have, and he and they fi v- ntorlbr ^lat^ an^ have hereby granted to him and them the fble Benefit and Advantage 7 Wars. of hanging of Coppers for making of Sugar after the Manner aforesaid by him projected, and of cleansing Cane Liquor without Fire after the Manner aforesaid by him projected, for and during the Space of Seven Years next to come from and after the Publication of this Act; and that he and they shall have, and he and they hath and have hereby granted to him and them the lole Benefit and Advantage of making Cattle-mills, Horse-mills, and Horizontal-mills, for grinding Sugar Canes after the Manner aforesaid by hint projected, and Prj£al°nsfer- ot' making Lime Kilns after the Manner aforesaid by him projected, and of r^inv° '•'or ma^ng Engines for raising of Water after the Manner aforesaid by him projected, ibr'a"Years, for and during the Space of Twenty one Years' next to come from and after the Publication of this Act; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, during the Term and Time hereby limited, shall presume to hang, or cause, suffer, or permit to be hung, any Copper for making Sugar after the Manner by the said Thomas Saintbill projected, or build or erect, or cause, suffer, or permit to be built or erected, any Cattle-mill, Horse-mill, or Horizontal-mill for grinding Sugar Canes after the Manner by him projebled, or build or erect, or cause, suffer, or permit to be.built or erected, any Lime Kiln after the Manner by him projebted, or build or erect, or cause, suffer, or permit to be built or erected any Engine for raising Water after the Manner by him projebted, or presume to cleanse, or cause, suffer, or permit to be cleansed any Cane Liquor without Fire after the Manner by him projebted, on his or their Estate, or on any Estate which he, (lie, or they shall have, hold, or manage, in Trust or otherwise, without a Permission or Licence in Writing first had and obtained from the said Thomas Saintbill, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, on Pain that all and Penalty on Of- every such Person and Persons so offending contrary to the true Intent and Mean-

tenders con- o

trary to this ing of this Act shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby obliged to pay unto the said Thomas Saintbill, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Sum of Four Pounds current Money of this Island for every Copper so hiing without such Permission or Licence; the Sum of Sixty Pounds like Money for every Cattle-mill, Horse-mill, and Horizontal-mill so built or erected without such Permission or Licence; the Sum of Ten Pounds like Money for every Lime Kiln so built or erected without such Permission or Licence; the Sum or Forty Pounds like Money for every Engine to raise Water, so built or erected without such Permission or Licence; and the Sum of Ten Pounds like Money for every Plantation which the Owner, Possessor, or Manager thereof shall cleanse, or cause, suffer, or permit any Cane Liquor to be cleansed without Fire, without

A<3.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

4'L9

such Permission or Licence; excepting only, and always provided, that it shall r~—A——> be lawful to and for every Person and Persons whatsoever to cleanse Cane Li- I73°* quor without Fire, provided the fame be done with Lime or Allies cnly, any V~~~J thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; the several Sums Peiaiiios how aforesaid to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts '^be lccover* of Record in this Island.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Per-fen whatsoever, who shall apply to the said Thomas Sainthill, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for such Licence or Licences, shall pay unto him or them the Sums of Money following; that is to (ay. The Sum of Forty Shil- ^cr^|amsta lings current Money of this Island, and no more, for every Copper to be hung ufu^ Sa?f after the Projection of the said Thomas Sainthill-, the Sum of Thirty Pounds PrC!:';c' like Money, and no more, for every Cattle-mill, Horse-mill, and Horizontal-mill to be built after the Projection of the said Thomas Sainthill; the Sum of Five Pounds like Money, and no more, for every Lime Kiln to be built after the Projection of the said Thomas Sainthill; the Sum of Twenty Pounds like Money, and no more, for every Engine to raise Water, to be built after the Projection of the said Thomas Sainthill; and the Sum of Five Pounds like Money, and no more, for every such Permission or Licence to cleanse Cane Liquor without Fire, on and for every Sugar-work Plantation.

III. Provided always, that in cale any Person or Persons who shall have Persons hav-

once obtained such Permission or Licence to build or erect any such Cattle-mill .j^y

or Cattle-mills, Horse-mill or Horse-mills, Horizontal-mill or Horizontal-mills,

Lime Kiln or Lime Kilns, Engine or Engines, shall be minded to build or erect notWji fc-another or more Cattle-mill or Cattle-mills, Horse-mill or Horse-mills, Hori-zontal-mill or Horizontal-mills, Lime Kiln or Lime Kilns, Engine or EnginesbuUJmore:on on the fame Estate whereon he, she, or they shall have built a Cattle-mill, Horse-1ate" mill. Horizontal-mill, Lime Kiln, or Engine according to the aforesaid Projection, pursuant to such Permission or Licence respectively had and obtained for the building and erecting thereof respectively; he, she, or they shall not be obliged to pay a second time, or oftner, for building or erecting any such other Cattle-mill, Horse-mill, Horizontal-mill, Lime Kiln, or Engine on the fame Estate whereon such Cattle-mill, Horse-mill, Horizontal-mill, Lime'Kiln, or Engine, by Permission or Licence as aforesaid, shall be credted or built; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, That every Person and Persons who hath or have once The fame Pro-obtained such Permission or Licence to hang Coppers, or cleanse Cane Liquor, so?hangingde or any Sugar-work Plantation, shall and may at all times afterwards hang Cop- Copper. 5>v, pers on the lame Plantation, and cleanse the Liquor of the Canes ground thereon, without taking out any new or further Permission or Licence for hanging

any Copper or Coppers in the same Place or Places where any Copper or Coppers hath or have been formerly hung by such Permission or Licence as aforesaid, or for cleansing the said Cane Liquor, from the said Thomas Sainthill., his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or paying him or them any thing therefore; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

The LAWS of BARBADOES.

4^0

_A_-—

1752. JI3’ 74--

An Act for encouraging Thomas Saintliill TZfquire, in his new ‘Irojefiion of cultivating the Soil, and preventing the Bla/l in Canes in this Island.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the present Method of making Dung, and of holing, plarit-V V ing> and cultivating Canes, is found to be attended with the Infirmity or Mischief commonly called the Blast j and Thomas Sainthill Esquire, has, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of this Island, proposed to us a new or other Method of making Dui:g, and planting of Canes, which in all Probability will prevent the very great Misfortune commonly called the Blast; and we being willing and delirous to give due Encouragement to Ingenuity, Diligence, and Industry, do humbly pray the Honourable the President and Members of His Majesty's Council of this Island that it may be enacted; and it is hereby enabled by the Honourable Samuel Barnvick Esquire, President of His Majesty's Council and Commander in Chief of this and other the Charibbee Blands to Windward of Guardaloup, &c. the Honourable the Members of His Majesty's Council, and the General Assembly of this Bland, and by the Authority of the same,

5 That the said Thomas Sainthill, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Af-prcvim:fnVrhe shall have, and he and they hath and have herein and hereby granted to

fjhj <r0i!j-,.’1 ‘1'un ar*d them the foie Benefit and Advantage of such Projection for preventing foV 14 Years.* the Blast in Canes in this Island, according to a new Method by him found out, for and during the Term and Time of Fourteen Years next to come from and after the Publication of this Act; and if any Person or Persons during the Term and Time herein and hereby limited, shall presume to prepare their Dung or their Land, or plant their Land, or any Part thereof, after the new Method or Manner invented by him the said Thomas Sainthill, on his, her, or their Estate, or any Estate which he, she, or they shall have, hold, or manage, in Trust or otherwise, without a Permission or Licence first had and obtained from under the Hand and Seal of the said Thomas Sainthill, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay unto the said Thomas Psmitr on of- Sainthill, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money of this Island, for every Acre so planted, or Land so prepared, or Dung so made after the new Method or Manner invented by the said Thomas Sainthill; such Penalty or Forfeiture to be recovered by Action or Suit in the Court of Common Pleas to be held for the Precinct where such Offender shall live or inhabit. b

fenders.

FINIS.

General H EAD S

Under which the following Abridgment

is divided.

A

C C © of assemblp, Page 43 5

Acceptors of Bills, lee BillS Of

Crchange.

actions,-----436

See also COUttS, and Limitations.

Administrators, lee CtCCUtOrS.

Affirmation, fee jCtuakCl'S*

aliens, - ibid.

Alices, fee 31mp0fl Alarm, fee S®iliti3.

Alehouses, fee ©CfUlIGn.

St. Anne's Castle, fee £©fl[ja jiHC.

apprentices, - ibid.

Appeals, fee COUttS.

Arrests, fee C0UttS.

Attornies, fee COUttS, and Cfiates.

assemblies,-----437

Assignees, fee BillS Of ClTChange.

Asses, fee JjDOrfCS.

B

B3ILL© of exchange,-----439

Baron and Feme, lee BillS Of exchange. Bartering and Selling, fee JljJegtOCS.

Barristers, fee LatO ©UitS.

Bastards, fee ©erPantS.

Batteries, fee JTOitS, and ©UlinOl'S.

Bays and Creeks, lee spattlOUCS.

Boatos, ptanhs, ©tapes, &c. -----440

'BonDS, - ibid.

Bottles, fee jLiQUOlS.

BountJS of Lano, - ibid.

Bounds of Parishes, fee IpatilheS.

Branop ano iRum, - ibid.

Butchers,-----441

Burials, fee 8g)inifiCtS, and ©CtbantS. Budieis, fee ©Heights ano ogeafutes.

Buying and Selling, fee JSegtOeS.

c

Ca©&, - Page 441

See also ©ugar Canes.

Caffie of St. Anne's, fee 6©aga?ine.

Cattle, - ibid.

See also BlltCftCrS.

Churches ano Churchtoatoens,-----442

See also aporentices, 8©initters, Pari®

Dues, and Cedrics.

Clap,-----443

Clergy, fee 8©inifietS.

Clerk of the Market, fee J?0?eflallCtS, and

©Hatch.

Clerks, fee COUttS, and SDtfiCCXS. cloaths, fee ©erbants. '

Common draper,-----444

Common Pleas, lee COUttS.

Committee, fee JjtHlllltCfc SlCCOUntS.

Constables, - ibid.

Contradts, fee Courts,3lntetefl, and ©ettiants.

Conveyances, fee CflatCS.

Contagious Distempers, fee CtUatCntinC.

Corn, fee ©Heights, and jForeflallers. Cotton, fee jftegroes, and 3jmpost.

Courts of ilalo ano Cquitp, - ibid:

see also aifcmbiies, Bills of exchange,

and agaga^ines.

Cranes, fee auhatfs.

Court Merchant,-----449

Cursing, fee ©locating.

Cuhody of Children, fee (SuatOianS.

D

DCBC© ano Debtors, - ibid.

Sec also Bills of exchange. Cat* tie. Courts, and Negroes.

Damage Feafant. fee CtCfpaffeS.

Declarations, fee COUttS.

Depofuions, fee COUttS.

B b b b Diflrels,

43a

General HE^4T) S under which the following

Distress, fee IRdlt.

£>utg on JQcgroeS, -

Duty on Liquors, fee ©TCifC.

E

®uat0iang, - Page 455

Page 449 See also CrCCUtO?#.

©miners arm egjatroflcs, - ibid.

Gunpowder, fee S>©ilitia, JFOJtS, and ipofti’ BCt £>Utg.

E^tatCg, - ibid.

See also COlirtS, IBOtmtJS Of Hatlt),

llimitations, and ©tiruems*

Elections, fee aifemblies, ©Burcljtoartiens, and (Electries.

Ecclesiastical Court, fee ©piritttal COUtt. Error, fee Courts, and ffiQritS.

Equity, fee COUttS, ©statCS, and SjQritS.

Crchequer,-----451

Exchange, fee IBillS Of GErCftangC.

Crcifc,-----;----- ibid.

Executions, fee aaions, and Courts. Crccutois anti aomintfitatois, - ibid.

Exportation, fee Cattle, Clag, JFO^CftallCCS,

Jpoifes anu aces.

F

FC <2E@, - ibid.

Felony, fee Courts, JBegtoes, ©er* pants, and ^eCSons.

Feme-covert, fee isilis of £rcbange. Courts, 3intestates, and limitations. jFines, - 453

Fire, fee ©Ugat CanCS.

JFifij, - ibid.

Forcible Entry, fee CfiatCS.

jFo?eflallcts, Jlngtoffets, &c.----- ibid.

Foreign Bills, fee IBiUS Of ©JCCtange.

Foreigners, fee 9lienS.

jFoits atm jFoitifications,-----454

See also ©UnnCtS.

Four and Half per Cent, fee 3Jmp0ft,

Free Entry, fee 3lmpO0.

Freeholders, fee SUTembliOS, COUttS, and

Olefines.

G

amtng, ibid. V T Gage and Tare, fee CaSfe.

VUUt) See also 8©aga?ine. General Gaol Delivery, fee COUttS. General Sessions, fee ^CffionS. :u:j

See also 3lttipofi. Glais Bottles, fee ILiqUO^S. Goods distrained, fee Ifisnt. :u:j

Grand Sessions, fee COUttS, and ®£(IiQnS»

H

arbours, IBags, ann Crcebs, — 4sG

fcatofcers ano peoiars,-----457

Heading, fee TBoatOS, l£>laUfeS, &c.

Health, fee Ciuatcntine.

TDigbtoaps, -----'bid.

See aiib harbours.

©ogs,-----—-----458

Hole Town, fee saaatch.

i£>o?fcs ant) 9lTes, - ibid.

See also CrCfpaflCg.

I

Iagpofl, - ibid.

See also PofclDCt iDUtg, and iDUtP

on JBcgroes.

31ntcfiates,-----459

Indorsers, fee IBillS Of CtCbange,

Infection, fee jfiDuai'CntinC.

31nterefi,-----4fo

Ingrossers, fee JFO?CftailerS.

Invasions, fee £©ilitia, and jBegtOCS.

Joint Tenants, fee SUTglllblp.

3iUUgeg, - ibid.

Judgements, fee COUttS.

Jurors, fee COUttS, and SfiTeiUbllCS.

Justices, fee apprentices.

L

Laa^suits, ano Latopers, - ibid.

Letters of Attorney, fee'}BontJS, and (Hint5

ings.

Licence, fee 3liettS.

Limitations, - ibid.

See also COUttS, and CfiatCS.

Liquors, - ibid.

See aiio TBiantig, Crcife, and iRum.

Live Stock, fee Cattle.

M

Mailers of @>btps,-----‘bid.

See also aliens* Negroes, and ©eruants.

Mdefalore,' fee COUttS, and ^CflfonS. 4

Carriages, - >bid-

Mariners

si B R12) G ME NT is divided.

433

Mariners and Maritime Cales, fee COUt‘t£, and

Couct ^©etcfjant.

Marshals, lee COUttS, and ©CfitonS.

9©arbct Daps, - Page 461

Measures, lee tiMeiqbtS.

Merchant, fee COUtt Q3CCCf)aUt.

Militia, - ibid.

See also assemblieS, apprentices, and

©linnets.

S®imftcts o? Clcrgg,-----464

Molafics, fee ^mpOtt, and jQegroCS,

Planting Piobifions, Prison, and Bertrams.

pUblish Accounts, - Page 474

O&afecrS,-----4?5

Qualifications, fee afifembUeS, and <Hg*

(tries.

Duarcntine, - ibid.

N

R

- 4 65

See also Courts, ©Hates, Dutg on jftepoes, and Duabcts.

Potarg publish,-----471

See also ^CCUCtatg.

O

OJTfiCCtS, - ibid.

Officers Salaries, fee Publish accounts. Oaths, fee assembliCS, CoUttS, ©JteCUtOlS,

and Rafters of @bips.

©IPbanS, - ibid.

SDutccies, - ibid.

Overseers of Plantations, fee ©OnllableS, and

ipigljtoags.

Oyer and Terminer, fee COUl'tS, and @iefitOttS.

P

PatiO) Dues, &c.----- ibid.

See also C&UtC&CS.

Persons Departing the 3iflanD,-----472

See also COUttS, and ©CCrCtarg.

Pettg Larceng, - ibid.

Pilgrim it)ouse,-----473

Pirates, - ibid.

planting PjouiCtons, - ibid.

See also 15UtCi)CrS.

Pleading, fee COUttS, and Sluogcs.

Pleas of the Crown, fee CjCCijequet.

Pool, - ibid.

See also ©Qates,

Poison, fee ^Fill}.

Popi© IRCCUfantS, - ibid.

Possessions, fee ©OUttS, ©fiatCS, lUUkfUttS,

limitations, and jRegtoes.

PottlDec Dutg, - ibid.

Prayer, fee Common Piaget.

PlOjeftOlS, - ibid.

Protests, lee JJiJotatg PUbliCfe.

PiobolLmarlbal,-----474

See also cattle, Courts,. Debts, ©aol,

d

RCCOIDS,...............-----47 6

Registers, fee 0@tnifiet0.

Regraters, fee jFoieflallerS.

IRent, - ibid.

See also pilgrim l|)ouse.

Roads, fee JbigbtaagS.

River, lee ©biee l^oufes §>piing.

Robberies, lee U3cjcoeS, and ^cffionS.

IRuni, - ibid.

See also 3[mp0fl, and PegroeS.

s

Sane, - ibid.

See also IKEJCig&tS.

Salaries, fee Publish ^CCOUlltS.

Saks, fee Churefjes, Coutts, ©fiates, a^ar* bets, and parity Dues.

©eamen anO ©ea @>boic, - ibid.

See also 0@afletS Of @fjipS.

Security, fee ©fjurc&toaroens, patters of

IjipS, and DfficeCS.

©ecretarg, - Page 477

See also Courts, and persons Departing the 3ltlanD.

Selling and Bartering, fee Jf2egCC0S.

@>etbants, - ibid.

St. Michael’s Town House, fee ©aQl, and £@a*

ga?ine.

teuton's ©cneral,-----479

Of the Peace, fee CoUttS.

Slaves, fee JlScgtOCS, and ^CtDantS.

Special OerDift, - ibid.

See also CflUttS.

Spiriting people, - ibid.

Spigkis Town, fee ©Uatef).

Slights Bay, fee 33Ji)arf0.

Spiritual Court, - ibid.

Stolen Goods, lee Jl3egtO00.

Strong Liquors, lee ©CCife, and LiQUOlS.

@ugar Canes, - — 480

Sugar, fee 31mpofis.

Suits at Law, lee Courts, ©fiates, and Limitations.

Sucoegois of ILanD, - ibid.

Surveyors,

454 General H E si DS in the following Abridgment.

Surveyors, fee l^ig^tDagS*

Sweating anti Curling, - Page 480

T

Tares, - wa.

Taverns, fee teamen,

C6?cc IfJOUCCS ^ipung, - ibid.

defects, - 481

See also COUttS, JScgrOCS, and PCtfOnS

tieparting t&e 3iflan0.

Tippling Houses, fee 'iBjanug anD Burn. Town Hall, fee <2>a0l, and Q&aga^inC. Tonnage, fee 3[mp0fl.

Crane, - ibid.

Treasurer, fee l^U&liCfe 3CC0UntS.

Ctefpaflfes, - ibid.

'jTrowell’s Gift, fee Poo?.

U

Vagrants, - ibid.

Underwritings, fee jj9ersons Departing tfce 3lfianD.

ftteftries, - P-gv. 4s 1

See also 3{fCtnbliCS, CijUrCl)tCarDCn3, and

Cares.

Violence, fee ^Cl'DantS, and JliJcgCCCS. Voting, fee SUTeinDllCS.

W

Wacc$,-----482

Wanderers, Ice JjjaUJfeCrS.

Warrants of Arrest, fee COUl'tS, and 5i?ets

fons Departing the 3lfiano. ’

SxaeigbtS ano features,-----48;

White Servants, fee ^CCUantS,

SBDarfS, - ibid.

Wilis, fee Courts, and 3inteftatcS.

SXHtitS of Crroi,-----484

©Writings iioin to be pioncb, - ibid.

A N

43F

A N

ABRIDGMENT

OF ALL THE

Ad:s of Assembly

PASSED in the

111 and of B

From 1648, to r

aas of aCTemblp,

AN Aift or Order was passed in 1667, for compiling the Laws by Gamin issioners, who made a Collection of them accordingly in 153 Sheets of Paper, and declared them to be the only Acts and Laws of Barbadoes then in Force and Use.

II. In 1698, the Assembly passed an Act for printing all the Laws of the Island; and enacted likewise the Clerk of the Assembly for the time being should have Power to print all Acts passed in that Island 5 and that such Laws printed by the Clerk of the Assembly should be of equal Force as the Statute Book printed in England isi deemed or taken to be in this Kingdom; and the Clerk of the Assembly for the time being is impowered to print all Acts of that Island

ARBADOES,

9

2, both inclusive.

for the future, which Act has no Number, but is prefixed to the First or original reviled Laws of the Island, Folio i.

III. N° 30. This Act, whichfeemsto have been passed in 1661', declares. That all Laws made before that Time by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, should continue in Force, and not be repealed but by Corifent of the Governor, Council, and Assembly; but what Laws are here meant is now uncertain.

IV. N° 55. This Act seemed to be made chiefly for a Temporary Service, for transcribing and collecting the Acts, and directing the lame to be published in every Parish at that Time; but the first Clause describing what Laws should be then deettled in Force, may be looked on as of fbme Use in Perpetuity.

V. In November* x 667, a Collection of the Acts and Laws being made, were all transcribed

into

4-6 Abridge',tent of the Abets of vlffembly of Barbadoes.

into ore Book, published in the fievera! Parishes, anti confirmed by the Crown, as certified by Commissioners, fee pliio 52.

ACCEPTORS OF BILLS.

See tsuis of OErcbange.

Sctions. See also jUmitationsh

N° 12S. T^'Very Pmfon filing for Eight Pounds *-b Sterling, cr under, shall file their Actions in a short Method with the Clerk, who is to give a Copy to the Plaintiff with the Warrant, which are to be carried to the Marshal, who is to summon the Defendant in Manner as by Custom in other Actions; but no Appearance required till a third Court, and then the D-bt in question shall be heard and determined, that F.xccution may ifllie, and the after Proceedings to be as in other Cafes. And if the Matter cannot be decided at tire third Court, so that the Defendant will plead thereto, and have the lame tried by a Jury, the Court may give further Time, or award Coll against the Defendant.

H. If the Caule is determined by the Bench, no Attorney’s Fees shall be allowed but what is settled by this Act. And if the Defendant appear not at the third Court, Execution shall issue. And the Clerk shall keep a Book for such Entry and Record to be fairly kept in.

aliens?.

NA 611. \ TO Matter of a Vessel shall suffer any Alien or Foreigner to be landed from his Vessel without acquainting the Governor with the Occasion of such Aliens coming to the Island, and having the Governor’s Licence to land them, on Penalty of 100 /. for every Alien so landed.

II. Every Alien found on Shore before such Report made to the Governor, and Licence obtained, Hull forfeit 100l.

III. Every lArlon subject to the aforesaid Penalties, shall be committed to Gaol until he pay the fume, or be discharged by the Governor.

IV. This Act not to extend to foreign Mariners shipped on Wages, but on Passengers, or such other Persons as are intended to be discharged from the Ship, to be discovered on the Matter’s or any other Person’s Oath.

V. All Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Act shall be to the Publick.

apprentices.

N° 33t. § i. \ NY Boy or Girl under 21 f\^ Years of Age may bind him or herself Apprentice to any Person exercising a Trade or Husbandry, until they arrive at 2t Years of Age, if agreed to by one of the Parents of the Boy or Girl, and if no Parents,

then by the Approbation of a Justice and Churchwarden of the Parish, who are to examine the Matter or Mistress, and consider if the Child be fit for the Trade designed, and then fee the Indentures signed, and indorse their Approbation thereof; which Indenture shall oblige the Apprentice to serve according to the Covenants therein specified.

II. §2. If an Apprentice fb bound neglect to serve according to Agreement, Two Justices may order him or her to be whipt for the first Fault, second Fault to be severely whipt, not above 21 Lashes, and for the third Offence 21 Ladies, or be imprisoned one Month, and have 10 Lashes every Saturday; and the Gaoler to have 20.r. Fee of the Churchwarden.

III. §3. If Matters abuie Apprentices, or do not -.allow them proper Necessaries, on Complaint to Two Justices, they may oblige such Matter to appear at Sessions. And if the Matter cannot justify himself, the Apprentice shall be discharged from further Service: But if the Apprentice’s Complaint appears vexatious, the Justices may order himPunishment, not above 10 Lashes.

IV. §4.. It shall be lawful for Two Justices to bind out looie idle Persons under 21 Years of Age Apprentice, until they arrive at 21 Years, in which Cafe the Justices shall proceed in the Manner prescribed by the Statute of the Fifth of Queen Elizabeth, cap. 4.

V. §5. When any Apprentice for ill Usage by his Matter shall be fee free by the Sessions, the next Justice and Churchwarden may bind him out to feme other Mailer for the Remainder of his Time.

VI. All Constables neglecting the Duty required of them by this Act, shall forfeit 40 s. to the Publick.

VII. §6. If any Person marry a Girl that is an Apprentice without her Matter’s Con lent, he shall pay the Matter 51. Sterling per Amnany for the remaining Part of her Time; and if he is not able to pay it, he shall serve in her Stead.

VIII. N° 346. §1. Persons shall not be obliged to fend their Apprentices armed or accoutred to the Militia at their own Charge.

IX. §2. Apprentices shall be armed and accoutred for the Militia by some Person who have not their Compliment of Men to serve in the Militia, at the Discretion of the Colonel of the Regiment.

X. N° 426. §1. Every Apprentice, though under 21 Years of Age when bound, shall serve the Term he is bound for, in as full and ample Manner, as if he were 21 Years of Age, or above, at the Time of his Ggning such Indenture.

XI. Provided that no Person under 21 Years of Age shall be obliged for a longer Time than Seven Years, unless they want a greater Number of Years to arrive at 2 x Years of Age.

XII. §2. Every Apprentice who shall ab-lent himself from his Matter’s Service without

Leave,

Abridgment of the Acts oj Assembly of Barbadoes. 437

Leave, shall for every Hour’s Absence serve his Matter the like Space after his Time of Apprenticeship is expired, or be proceeded against as by the foregoing Act, N° 331, is directed, at the Election of his Matter.

XIII. §3. Any Person entertaining ah Apprentice above 12 Hours, or countenancing Absence from his Matter’s Service, shall be proceeded against and suffer the like Penalties, as is appointed for Entertainers of Servants by the Act N° 21, §20.

gofemtrticah

N° 14. V] O Assembly shall continue above one whole Year from the Time of first meeting as an Assembly. And the Election of Freeholders to fit in Assembly shall be of Force no longer than one Year from the Time of their lirft Meeting.

II. N° 30. This e.oadts that the Assembly shall confirt of Freeholders freely elected by the major Part of the several Parishes, being Two at least in each P.trish.

III. N° 424. This Act declares the Right of deciding all controverted Elections to be in the Assembly only; and cnadts. That the lame shall always be determined in the Assembly by Plurality of Voices.

IV. N° 557. & 575. Though both printed at Length, are nevertheless repealed by the Act N° 655, and therefore not abridged.

V. N° 583. If any Colonel or Officer shall hinder any Gunner, Matrofs, or other Person appointed to guard any Fort, G?c. who is a Freeholder, from going to give his free Vote at any Election of Assembly or Vestrymen; such Colonel or other Officer shall forfeit 100l. and be rendered incapable of holding any Commission for the future.

VI. N° 655. §1. Every white Man being a Subject of Great Britain, professing the Christian Religion, 21 Years of Age, and a Freeholder of Ten Acres of Land worth 10l. per Annum, shall be capable of electing or being elected an Assemblyman or Vestryman in the Parish where his Land lies, or to serve as a Juror to try any Real Actions, provided he hath re-sided on such Land one whole Year, and received the whole Profits thereof; or if he do not live on the fame, if he have a House thereon worth 50l. and let the fame out for 251, per Annum. This Clause has in it several Di-Jimhiions of Freeholds, and Methods prescribed for proving the fame at Elections, for which fee the All, and the fame with Regard to the third and fourth Clauses about Houses and Joint-tenants.

VII. §2. If any Person be a Freeholder of Ten Acres of Land which happens to lie in Two Parishes, his Vote shall be accepted in that Parish where the greater Part lies, and if equally divided, then m that Parish in which his House is situated.

VIII. §3. Every white Man, being a Subject of Great Britain, professing the Christian Religion, of 21 Years of Age, and rightfully possessed of a House in any of the Towns, or of the third Part of a House, though not divided or laid off, shall be deemed a Freeholder, and capable of electing or being elected an Al-lemblyman or Vestryman for the Parish where such House Hands, or to serve as a Juryman to try Real Actions, provided such House or Part of a House be really worth 10l. per Annum-, provided allb, that himlelfj or Part of his white Family, hath resided in liich House for one Year, or hath constantly made use of the lame for keeping of Stores or Plantation Produce of his own; or if any Person have a House in a Town rented out for 30l. per Annum, and the Tenant hath possessed it a full Year, he shall allb be capable of electing or being elected to serve as an Assemblyman, or Vestryman, or Juror to try Real Actions.

IX. §4. Joint-tenants in Land or Houses, whose Shares amount to the Value mentioned in the foregoing Clauses, shall have equal Right to elect or be elected Afiemblyinen or Vestrymen, or to serve on Juries to try Real Actions, as the Freeholders described above.

X. §5. No Person shall be capable of electing or being elected an Assemblyman or Vestryman, or to serve on a Jury to try Real Actions, unless the Deeds of his Land or House have been duly proved and recorded one Year before the Election, except Deeds executed in Great Britain or Ireland, which may be proved and recorded any Day before the Election.

XI. §6. No Person shall be deemed a Freeholder who lets his House or Land to the Use of the Person under whom he derives his Title thereto.

XII. §7. No Person to be debarred the Privilege of a Freeholder, who claims a Right to Land or Houses, as Tenant in Tail, under the Limitations before mentioned, nor such as are made Freeholders by their Parents, and recorded one Month before the Election.

XIII. §8. No Person shall be admitted a Freeholder or an Evidence in any Case, who is defeended from a Negro, except on Trial of Slaves; nor any Person whatever shall choose or be chosen an Assemblyman or Vestryman, or to serve on Juries to try Real Actions, except those qualified according to this Act.

XIV. §9. All Writs for electing Assemblymen shall be issued by the Governor, with Advice of the Council, and directed to the Members of the Council, and if more than one Counsellor in one Parish, then to the eldest Coun-fellor in that Parish : And if a Counsellor refuse to execute the Writ, then it shall be directed to a substantial Freeholder in such Parish who does not stand a Candidate at such Election.

XV. §10. No Counsellor shall execute a Writ out of the Parish where he lives, unless there are

C c c c more

4.3B sibridgment of the slcls of ijjemb/j of ikrbadoes.

more than one Counlt-llor in such Parish, and then the youngest Counfdlor shall execute a Writ for the nearest Parish where there are none. And if there are not Councilors to execute all the Writs, the Governor shall direct them to Freeholders, who do not (land Candidates in any of the Parishes, to serve in the Assembly.

XVI. § ii. All Writs lor Elusions shall ifiiie in one Day, and be returnable in one Day, and delivered to the Marlbal four Days, and by him conveyed to the Sheriffs two Days, before Publication, and by the Sheriffs to the Ministers in each Parish, to publish the lame three Sundays in the Church; any Person neglecting his Duty, so as that the Writ is not duly published, such Offender shall forfeit ioo/. to be recovered by the Trcalbrer, on Penalty of 200l. if he neglect.

XVII. §12. All Elections shall begin on the Monday after the third Publication of the Writs in the Churches, beginning between Eight and Nine in the Morning, and not ending till Four in the Afternoon. And ail Votes before Eight in the Morning, and after Four in the Afternoon, shall be void; and the IVrIon taking such Vote, shall ioifeit 100l. And if the Sheriff neglect to attend the Poll from Nine in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, he shall forfeit 100l.

XVIII. §13. At all E-kftions the Sheriff shall prepare a Paper with as many Columns as there are Candidates; and each Voter shall subscribe his Name under the Candidate’s Name he votes for; and the Sheriff may administer such Oath as is required by the Act.

XIX. §14. Every Person tendering his Vote for electing of Atfemblymen or Vestrymen, shall, if required, swear to his Qualification in the Forms prescribed in the Act, according to the several Cafes therein described. And if any Person be cautious of (wearing to his Freehold, his Name shall be indorsed on the Back of the Poll; and if the Election be controverted, his Qualification shall be decided by the Assembly.

XX. §15. If any Person shall wilfully for-swear himself, or suborn or attempt to suborn any Witness at an Election, he shall be proceeded against as in Case of wilful Perjury.

XXI. §16. Quakers allowed to take an Affirmation upon Elections in the Manner prescribed in the Act; and if such Quaker affirm a Falfity, he shall suffer as in Case of wilful Perjury.

XXII. §17. No Person shall serve as a Ve-ftryman, or vote for an Assemblyman or Ve-flryman, who shall refuse to take the State Oaths, or if a Quaker, the Affirmation.

XXIII. §18. If any Person who is obliged to attend as a Shertff at an Election of Afiem-blymen in one Parish is intitled to vote in another Parish, he may fend his Vote in Writing to the other Parish, with a Certificate that he has sworn to such Qualification, and such Vote shall be accepted.

XXIV. §19. Candidates for Assemblymen in

one Parish having Freeholds in another Parish, may also vote in such other Parish by a Letter; provided he swear to his Qualification before a Justice, and have it certified under his Letter, and that he sincerely (lands a Candidate to serve in the Assembly without any other Design. And if any Sheriff or Justice relule to administer such Oath, or to give such Certificate, he Hull forfeit 100l.

XXV. §20. Every Person acting as a Sheriff at an Election of Aiil tnbly or Vestrymen, shall receive the Votes tendered, and the Oaths or Affirmations, and Proofs in relation to Qualifications, on Penalty of 50l. to each Patou refilled.

XXVI. §21. If any Person violate an Election by Threats, or endeavour to force a Freeman to voce against his Will, or by virtue of his Office call the Inhabitants to Arms, or being under Arms shall hinder them from voting according to their Consciences, or make Sliam-Irecholders, or hire Votes, or after the E'eftion abuse any Freeholder for not voting as he would have had him; such Ikrlon if lie be choseu an Assembiyman, shall be expelled the House; and every other Person guilty of the like Offence shall forfeit 50l. lor each Offence to the Informer.

XXVII. §22. The Churchwardens of every Parish at an Election Hull keep a convenient Table, with Seats, for the Sheriff, Under-sheriffi Minister, and Candidates to fit on; and all other Persons to keep 10 Foot Distance, and leave Passage for Voters to come and go One at a time : And no Person shall ask Voters Questions but the Sheriff, at the Request: of the Candidates , and then shall ask no other Questions but what are allowed by this Act. And every Candidate may appoint another Freeholder to assist at the Poll on his Behalf: And if any Person shall act contrary thereto, or bring Strong Drink into the Church, or shall either in the Church or Church-yard, or otherwise disturb the Election, the Sheriff shall commit him until he give Security for his Appearance at the Grand Sessions, when if he be found guilty, he shall forfeit 50l. and if a Sheriff, on Complaint, refuse to use his Power in such Case, he shall forfeit 501. And the Sheriff shall order Two Constables of the Parish, who are not Freeholders in any other Parish, to attend the Poll: And if a Constable neglect to attend, he shall forfeit 20l.

XXVIII. §23. At closing the Poll the Sheriff shall declare the Persons who have the Majority of Votes duly elected, and return them to the Governor and Council on the Day appointed in the Writ; but the Sheriff shall make no spe-cial Return but on an equal Number of Votes; and the Sheriff shall swear to the true Return of the Writ in the Words prescribed in this Section. And if any Person appointed to act as Sheriff refuse to act, or to take the Oath,

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barba does. 459

he shall forfeit ioo/. to be recovered by the Treal'urer; and if the Treasurer neglect to foe for it, he shall forfeit aoo/.

XXIX. §24. Every Afiemblyman before he act or lit shall take the State Oaths in Presence of the Governor and Council; and every Member refusing to take such Oaths, or after having taken them to join with the other Members to make a House when required by the Governor, shall be rendered incapable of serving as an Al-fomblyman, and a new Writ shall be ifiucd for electing another in his Room.

XXX. §25. Twelve Members shall be esteem-ed a Quorum of the Assembly, and impowered to act as the General Assembly of the Island 5 and no less Number shall proceed as an Aflem-bly on any Account whatsoever.

XXXI. §26. Upon the Failure of the Publication of any Writ for Election of Assembly-men in any Parish, the Assembly, lb loon as a Speaker is chofc, and the Rules of the House settled, shall addrels the Governor for new Writs to be issued where the First: failed, and shall not proceed on other Business till Representatives are cholen and (worn by virtue of such new Writs; and a new Writ shall issue in Six Days after such Address has been presented to the Governor.

XXXII. §27. Controverted Elections of Assemblymen shall be determined by the Aflem-bl) •, and the Speaker shall summon Witnessfes, and l'wear them in Relation to such Controversy. And no Bdl shall be read thrice till all controverted Elections are determined. And all Petitions on controverted Elections shall be lodged in Three Days after the firtl Meeting of the Al-iembly, and the Petitioners shall prosecute the fitmc as the Assembly shall appoint. And every Member shall take the Oath prescribed in the Act on the Decision of an Election, or on Rc-fulal be expelled the House.

XXXIII. §28. Upon Disputes about Freeholds, in order to qualify Persons to vote on Elections, or to serve on Juries to try Real Actions, Regard shall be had to Mayo's Map, for determining in what Parish the Eand lies, it the Disputes happen on the Lines of a Parish.

XXXIV. §29. Upon a Vacancy of an Assemblyman, the Governor in 40 Days after such Vacancy, on Address from the Assembly, shall issue a new Writ for choosing another in his Room in the same Manner as the first: Choice was.

XXXV. §30. The Assembly may give Leave to Members (not more than Two at a Time) to go off the Hand for their Health for Six Months.

XXXVI. §31. If any Person act as an Assemblyman without being duly chosen and sworn, he shall forfeit 100l.

XXXVII. §32. If any Person on appearing before the Assembly flial 1 misbehave himself, the Speaker may commit him to the common Gaol till he fubrnit, or during the Continuance of the House.

XXXVIII. §34. This Act to be published by the Minister or Clerk of every Parish die Second Sunday in Jamtary, and Second Sunday in July, yearly, and a Copy furnished by the Churchwarden for that Purpose and if Mini-Iter, Clerk, or Churchwarden neglect his Duty, he shall forfeit 10l.

XXXIX. §35. The Acts N° 557, 575, and 648, are aII hereby repealed.

XL. N° 733. §1. Every Sheriff or other Person taking the Poll at an Election of Alfemblymen, shall take the Oath prescribed in this Act, before he enter upon his Duty or open the Poll, or elle shall be disqualified to take the Poll, and all his Proceedings declared void : And if any Person refule to take the said Oach; the Act appoints that the Person who is intitled to take the Poll for Vestrymen of such Parish shall take the Oath, and also the Poll for Assemblymen.

XLI. §3. Directs that if any Person possessed of Five Acres of Eand Freehold shall purchase Five Acres to it, he shall be deemed as good a Freeholder as if he held Ten Acres Freehold by Inheritance.

XLII. §4. All Deeds from a Parent to a Daughter or to a Son in Law, in order to qualify them for Freeholders, shall be of the fame Force as if it had been to a Son •, and the Son in Law, to whom or to whole Wife the Deed is made, shall be as well qualified to voce as if he was an own Son.

'Bill# of Crcfmnge.

N° 116. "injPON Bills- of Exchange protested and sued for. Ten per Cent, and no more, shall be allowed for Damages and Interest.

II. N° 717. § i. Any Person having the Profit and Advantage of any Debt or Demand assigned, indorsed, or transferred to him by a Person who had a Right lo to do, may prosecute an Action for Recovery thereof in his own Name against the original Debtor,- or any Assignor, Endorsbr, or Accepter, in the same Manner as the original Creditor and the Assignees of Foreign Bills of Exchange have been allowed : On Trial of the Action the Defendant may infill: on the Plaintiff’s being sworn, that the Demand was before such Suit was commenced truly vested in him, and that he is to have the whole Benefit thereof, and that the Asignment was not made under Colour to foe for the lame for the Benefit of such Assignor-

III. §2. When a Feme-covert is intitled to a Legacy, or other Demand not properly recoverable without her Name being made use of with her Husband’s, (he shall join in an At signment, and be privately examined, as in Cafes of Inheritance, before the Assignee shall commence Suit, and then it shall be taken to be a full Transfer of her Demand to such Assignee, who may foe in his own Name for the Uses

contained

44° Abridgment of the ^Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

contained in the Deed. And if any Judgement shall be obtained in the Name of Baron and Feme, and any Assignment made to another Person, the Feme shall be privately examined in the usual Manner,before the Marshal shall convey to the AfUgnee, or he be capable of re-leafing the Debt.

IV. §3. In all Cates wherein Demand for a simple Contrail is transferred it shall be sufficient for the Person to write his Name in Blank thereon, or direct the Sum due to the Assignee for Value received •, but on all Specialties the Assignor or Endorser shall on the Security assigned write in the Manner prescribed in the Act, which being signed by the Party and Two Witnesses, shall be effectual for any Assignee to liie for the Debt. And the Clerks and Marshals of the Courts are to observe the Directions of such Ai-signee, as if he were the original Creditor •, and what is done by such Assignee shall be deemed good.

V. §4. When a Debt is assigned or an Inland B.il is accepted, and the original Debtor proves insolvent, and the Endorser or Drawer become liable to pay the Debt, by Lenity of the AC-signee’s not prosecuting in 12 Months after the Time of Payment, or by his Neglect to use or suffer the Endorser or Drawer to use proper Means for securing the fame, when applied to for that Purpose, the Loft shall be borne by such Person whole Lenity occasioned it, unless the Af-iignor or Drawer agreed under his Hand to allow longer Time, or neglect ed to prosecute on Notice given by the Endorsee within the Time aforesaid, that the Debt is due and unpaid.

QBoat&g, planks, ^tanes, Singles, anu yeaning,

N° 573- \ LL Boards, Planks, Staves, Shin-

gles, and Heading, imported, shall be of the following Length, Breadth, and Thickness, on Penalty of forfeiting the fame : All Boards shall be one Inch thick •, Pipe Staves, five Foot and a half long, one Inch thick, and four Inches broad •, Staves of White and Red Oak, three Foot and a half long, four Inches broad, and half an Inch thick-. Deal Planks, two Inches thick Shingles, eighteen Inches and a half long, five Inches broad, and half an Inch thick, which Shingles shall be without Sap White Oak Heading, two Foot and a half long, six Inches broad, and one Inch thick.

II. An Inspector to be appointed by the Governor, with Power to inspect all Wharfs, Ware-houses, and other Places where Boards, Planks, Staves, Shingles, and Heading shall be kept, and fee that they agree with this Act in Length,Breadth, and Thickness and if he find any such Goods not of the Length, Breadth, or Thickness aforesaid, such Officer shall seize the fame, Half to himself, and Half to the Publick.

III. And the said Officer shall have Power to enter at all times from Six o’Clock in the Morning to Six in the Evening any Wharf, Ware-house, or other Repository for Boards, Planks, Staves, Shingles, and Pleading : And, in case of Denial, to break open any Door, and enter the fame, and measur all such Goods, and compare the Measure with the Marks upon any Board, Timber, or Plank; and if he find them short, the Owner shall forfeit the fame, and the said Officer shall itrize them, Half for himself, and Half for the Publick.

IV. The laid Officer shall at all times give Account of all his Proceedings to the Committee of Publick Accounts.

V. The said Officer shall be paid out of the publ.ck Treasury 30l. per Annum Salary.

IBontJU,

N° 9. § i. T) ON DS or other Writings which 13 shall be attested (to have been proved on Oath) under the Seal of London, or any other Corporation in England, shall be deemed good in Barbadoes, as if proved there by Jiving Witnesses.

II. §2. And such Attestation shall be sufficient for the Jury to give Verdict, and the Judge to proceed on.

III. Provided no Execution issue therein, un-leis the Plaintiff give double Security to refund in case the Debtor in Two Years dilprove the Debt.

IV. N° 347. Bonds forfeited for carrying Persons off the Island without a Ticket, shall be sued only for the Debts, Charges, and Damages of the Persons injured, and no other Recovery shall be had thereon.

'IBcunos of Lano.

N° 4. §1. O Person shall incroach or in-trench upon any Plantation within the old Bounds, but shall expect his Satisfaction for Land wanting from the Person who fold it last.

II. §2. Every Person may employ anyfworn Surveyor to lay out Land, paying ilb. of Cotton for every Acre surveyed.

III. N" 32. If any Person incroach upon his Neighbour’s Hire, and cut down any marked or corner Tree directing in the Lines, or Timber Trees, he shall forfeit 500 lb. of Sugar.

OBianop atm stum,

N° 92. § i. O Person shall be licensed or

suffered to fell Wine, Brandy, or Rum in Tippling Houses described in the Act.

II. And Persons felling contrary to this Act shall forfeit 500 lb, of Sugar to the Poor, and for a second Offence Three Months Imprisonment.

III. But

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 441

III. But Persons licensed in the Sea Port Towns or Bays shall not be debarred.

IV. Nor Persons appointed to give Entertainments at Sessions, or other Courts.

V. §2. No Persons but what are allowed by this Act shall fell Wine, Brandy, or other Liquors, under Penalty of losing all the Debts con-crafted for the same.

VI. §3. All Contracts for Liquors retailed up in the Country are declared void.

VII. §4. No Person to difl.il Rum; except such as have Canes of their own, or keep Refining Houses, under Penalty of the Cenlure of the next Quarter Sessions.

'Bute&ers.

N’ O Butcher foiling any Stock after

N°7i8.

j_~ j killed and expofod to Sale, shall take above the following Prices for any Part of the four Quarters:

For Beef,---

Veal, —

Mutton,

Lamb,

Goat or Kid, Pork,

d.

6 per lb. 6 6 6

5 4

And if any Butcher shall demand more or infill on the Buyer’s taking any other Part than of the Quarters, he shall forfeit double what he receives, to the Use of the Party injured : And if the Buyer neglect to pay, the Seller may complain to a Justice for any Sum not above 25l. who shall proceed therein as in cafo of Servants Wages And if a Butcher neglect to pay for Cattle bought for killing within the Time agreed on, the Seller shall recover the fame also before a Justice, as in case of Servants Wages.

Cask.

N° 191. QjEE under Title @>U0&t CfttlC#

\j ano Cask.

II. N°7i4. §1. Ali Makers of tight Cask shall make the Heads of such Cask as contain above 30 Gallons, not more than of an Inch in Thickness, and all the Staves of an equal Thickness, and burn the Two Letters of their Name on the Head, on Penalty of 20 s.

III. §2. All tight Cask of above 30 Gallons shall be gaged in the Manner prescribed in the Act, and mark the Contents on the Bilge, and make Oath to the Gage, if required: And whoever shall ship off any tight Cask filled, above 30 Gallons, before gaged, branded, and marked, in Manner aforesaid, or refuse to swear thereto, shall forfeit 5l. and the lame if false marked.

IV. §3. The Assembly shall annually nominate a Gager for each Port in the Island, who being approved by the Governor and Chuncil, shall take the Oath prescribed in the Act, who

7

shall have a Fee of gs. per Ton for all Cask by him gaged, branded, and marked, to be paid by the Seller, if the fame be found to have been falfiy gaged, otherwise by the Buyer, or whoever employed him to gage the lame. And if such Gager neglect the Duty of his Office, or be guilty of Mal-practices, he shall forfeit 5l. and be rendered incapable of forving such Office for the future; and the Governor shall appoint another in his Stead, until the Assembly nominate one.

V. §4. Every Sugar Cask containing above 400 lb. Nett, shall have the Tare marked on the Bilge, and branded on the Head with the Two Letters of the Owner’s Name, on Penalty of 2 or and the Maker shall be sworn to the Mark of Tare, or else each Hogshead shall be deemed to weigh 130lb. and a Tierce 100lb. and lb much Tare shall be allowed.

VI. §5. All Sugar Cask not tared and marked shall be deemed to weigh, if a Hogshead, 130 lb. if a Tierce, 100lb. and the Buyer shall be allowed that Tare accordingly.

VII. §6. Every Person counterfeiting a Brand, or altering a Mark of Tare, or fixing a false Mark of Weight or Tare, shall forfeit 501, and suffer as a Cheat.

VIII. §7. If a Justice neglect any Duty required of him by this Act, he shall forfeit 51. And any Person aggrieved by a Justice may appeal to the Governor in Council.

IX. §8. All Penalties incurred by this Act shall be recovered in a Court of Record, or before a Justice, and be Half to the Informer, and Half to the Use of the Excise, if prosecuted in Six Months* and nbt otherwise.

Cattle. See also XUtC&Stg.

N° 723. TTCT Hoever shall foil Catde to 2 51.

V \ Value, or under, and shall not be paid according to Bargain, may complain to a Justice, who shall hear and determine the lame, and give Judgement for the lame, which if not satisfied in 14 Days, Execution shall issue 1 and if the Plaintiff cannot prove his Demand, the Defendant shall be examined on Oath, and Judgement shall pais for what he owns; and if he refuses to swear, then Judgement shall go by the Plaintiff’s Oath.

II. N° 724. §1. No live Stock or Provisions shall be exported from the Hand but by the Governor’s Licence: And if any Person shall in-grois such Goods to fell again without such Licence, the Treasurer shall hear and determine the fame, and levy the Penalties on Offenders by former Acts appointed; and where none are appointed by former Acts, then treble the Value exported; and for want of Efiefts, on the Body, and if that not found, then on the Securities, and if no Security, then an the Vessel; and Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Governor in Council; and Offenders may be purged D d d d by

44'2- Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

by Oath,' and if they refuse to swear, they shall be committed to Gaol.

HI. §2; If the Treasurer neglect: his Duty he shall forfeit 10ol. and he shall allow Gratuities to Informers, not above one Third of the Forfeitures.

C&utc&eg arin Cfmrc&ttmmns.

N° 16. §5. Hurchwardens shall provide Stocks near the Church •, and, with Constables, shall, in Time of Divine Service, search publick Houses, and if they find People therein misbehaving themselves, they shall bring them to the Stocks for Four Hours, unless they pay 5 s. to the Poor.

II. §7. Churchwardens shall be sworn to do their Duty herein, and shall present Offenders to the Quarter Sessions.

III. N° 295. §3. Churchyards shall be inclosed with a good Wall or Pale, or other strong Fence, with Gates and Passages; and the Vestries shall lay Taxes for the same.

IV. N° 693. §1. The Vestry of every Parish shall on the 25th Day of March yearly, or in zi Days after, meet and choose a Churchwarden. Provided that no Physician or Apothecary in the Towns of St. Michael’% or Speights, or any Custom-house Officer, shall be obliged to serve against his Content.

V. §2. The Churchwardens elected for St. Michael’s shall, at the Time and Place appointed by the Vestry, attend and give Security for the honed: accounting for all the Money they shall receive as Churchwardens.

VI. §3. If the Churchwarden for the Parish of St. Michael, when elected, shall neglect to give Security in a Bond payable. toa.Trustee appointed by the Vestry, the Vestry shall choose another Churchwarden, and fb on till fbme Person fb chosen will give Security •, and every Person neglecting to give Security shall forfeit 201. And every Churchwarden chose in any other Parish, who shall neglect to act in such. Office, shall forfeit 20l. and the Vestry of such Parish shall choose another, and fb on. till one will serve j and the Penalties shall be recovered by the next acting Churchwarden, who shall sue for the fame, on Penalty of 50l. to be filed for by his Successor •, but the Vestry, for good Rea-fons appearing, may excuse any Person elected Churchwarden from serving, and choose another, and fb on till a proper Person will serve.

VII. §4. If a Churchwarden die or go off the Island, the Vestry shall forthwith meet and choose another for the remaining Part of the Year; and if for the Parish of St. Michael’s, to give Security as aforesaid. And the Executors, Administrators, and Attornies of Churchwardens dead or gone off the Island, shall account for their Principals.

VIII. §5. When a Parish Rate is confirmed, the Churchwarden is impowered to levy the fame upon such as refuse to pay, and in 20 Days to fell the Goods distrained, in the Manner as is appointed for the Sale of Goods distrained for Servants Wages. Provided no more be distrained than' what is reasonably necessary, and to return the Overplus, if any, to the Owner : A nd it the Churchwarden cannot find Goods to levy on, he shall then commit the Debtor to Gaol till he pay the same, unlets the Vestry think fit to excuse him.

IX: §6. If a Churchwarden negkeft to levy the Parish Rate, he shall himself be chargeable therewith, as if he had received it.

X. §7. Lands lying waste without Goods thereon to levy Parish Rates, the Churchwardens, with Consent of Vestry, may lease it out, if they can, until such Arrears are discharged, and until the Crop planted thereon can be reaped; provided such Lease do noc exceed Three Years •, and the Surplusage of the Rent, if any, be paid to the Owner.

XI. §8. The Churchwarden for the time being shall collect all Arrears of Rates according to Lifts delivered him by the Vestry, in the same Manner as annual Rates.

XII. §9. The Churchwarden of St. Mi chad shall have Six per Cent, of all he col lefts for his Trouble, and pay a Book-keeper, not above 30l. a Year : and no other Churchwarden shall be allowed more than Six per Cent, for what he shall collect.

XIII. §10. All Churchwardens shall, within 20 Days after they are out of their Office, deliver to the chief Vestry man an exact: Account of all his Receipts and Disbursements, and a List of Arrears due: And the Vestryman, on Penalty of 50l. shall convene a Vestry in 14 Days, and lay the said Account before them•, and the Churchwarden shall attend with his Vouchers; and the Vestry are required to audite and adjust such Accounts in Two Months; and in case they neglect, every Vestryman neglecting, without a lawful Excuse, shall forfeit 201, to be recovered by the Churchwarden for the time being; and if such Churchwarden neglect to sue for it, he shall forfeit 50l. to be recovered of him by his Successor: And if the Churchwarden neglect his Duty so far as that the Vestry cannot come at a fair Account to audite the fame, they shall charge him with the whole Levy, and give him Credit for what they know he has disbursed; and if upon Account they find a Balance due to the Churchwarden, the same shall be paid by the succeeding Churchwarden, with Interest from the Day of settling; and if the Balance be due to the Parish, the same shall be paid as the Vestry shall direct, with Interest from the Day of fetding the Account, on Penalty of 50l. to be levied by the Churchwarden for the time being.

XIV. §11. If a Churchwarden is aggrieved in his Accounts by the Vestry, he may appeal to the Governor and Council, upon giving Security,

Abridgment of the s4£is of Assembly of Barbadoes. 41 -

curity, as upon Writs of Error, and have an Order to bring all Accounts and Papers relating thereto before them, and there have the Matter determined according to the Circumstances of the Cafe and if it go against the Churchwarden, the Churchwarden for the time being shall levy it by Distress, and for want of Effects, if it be for St. Michael*s Parish, the Security Bond shall be sued •, if it go on Behalf of the Churchwarden against the Vestry, the Churchwarden for the time being shall pay the lame out of the Parish Money, prior to all Debts, without further Order.

XV. § x 2. ‘This Clatife was only to bring Churchwardens then in Office, or who had been in that Office before the pqffing this ASl, to \'account, which must have had its Effielf, and is now obsolete.

XVI. §13. If any Lands or Negroes fix all be appraised to the Use of the Parish, the Churchwarden, by order of Vestry, shall dispose of the same.

XVII. §14. This Act; shall be deemed a Publick Act:.

XVIII. §15. The third and fourth Clauses in the Act N° 4, Folio 5, and lo much of the first and second Clauses of the Act; N° 214, Folio hi, & 112, as relate to the Sale of Effects attached for Parish Dues, and the whole Act N° 647, are all hereby repealed.

XIX. §16. All Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by this Act, shall be to the Crown, for the Uses before mentioned.

XX. §17. This Act: not in Force till confirmed by the Crown.

XXI. N° 707. This Act was chiefly wade for a temporary Service, with Regard to the Parish of St. Lucy, and so far has had its Effebl: But it’s here enacted, That whenever the Office of Churchwarden shall become vacant in any Parish, the Vestry of such Parish shall forthwith choose another for the Residue of the Year, and such new Churchwarden shall have all the fame Powers as the old one had.

XXII. N° 722. §1. The Act N° 693, not being confirmed by the Crown, this Act provides, that if any Churchwarden neglect to pay what shall be found remaining in his Hands on settling his Accounts by the Vestry, for 10 Days after such Settlement, the Vestry may petition the Governor in Council, who shall hear and determine the fame, and award Execution thereon, and issue Process to levy the lame.

XXIII. §2. And the Governor shall also issue all necessary Writs against Purchasers of Goods •sold by Outcry attached for Parish Dues, or for Sums aue from former Churchwardens, for Penalties incurred by liich Purchasers. '

XXIV. §3. This Act is only to be in Force till Elis Majesty's Pleasure is known on the fore-ging Act, N° 693.

XXV. N° 726. §1. The Vestry of every Parish shall meet yearly on the 25th of March, or within 21 Days after, and choose a Church-

warden for the next Year, who shall have Notice of his being chosen, and of Time and Place, when he shall give Security, and where he lira 11 attend with Two Securities to be bound in double the Sum the Collection is .computed at, for the honest accounting and paying’ all the Money he shall receive as Churchwarden, and such Security shall remain in the Exchequer till the Churchwarden is discharged by the Vestry.

XXVI. §2. If the Churchwarden Elect retule or neglect to give such Security, the Vestry shall elect another, and lb on till one is chosen who will give Security; and if none can be chole before the 25th of April yearly, or the Vestry neglect, and any Person offer to accept the Office, and give the Security^ he shall be accepted; and if the Vestry refuse him, and do not provide another, then the Governor in Council mall take his Security, and appoint him to be Churchwarden, as if he had been elected.

XXVII. §3 In such Parishes where no Per-lbn will give Security to serve Churchwarden, then the first Person elected shall serve without giving Security.

XXVIII. §4. If any Vestry neglect to proceed against any Churchwarden for Arrears in his Hands, any Vestrynvan of the Parish may complain to the Governor of such Neglect, and the Governor in Council shall hear and determine the lame.

XXIX. §5. If any Vestryman shall object to the Security offered by a Churchwarden, and offer one with better Security, he shall be accepted; and if the Vestry cannot agree, the Governor and Council shall be Judges thereof.

Clap*.

N°7i5. §1. A LL Persons exporting Clay,

shall swear before the Treasurer to the true Quantity he designs to export, and pay 5 s. per Pound, upon which he shall have a Permit to export the fame. And if any Person do export Clay without Entry on Oath, and Payment of the Duty, he shall pay double Duty, to be levied by Execution under the Hand of the Treasurer, directed to a Constable; and in Default of Effects, to take the Body of the Offender; and if that be not found, then on the Security for the Ship; and if no.'Seeurity, then on the Ship whenever lhe can be met with; and Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Governor in Council.

II. §2. Treasurer,-,on..Sulpicifion of Frauds committed against this Act, may summon and examine any Person- that he believes can give Evidence therein^ and proceed against Offenders j and if any Person refuse to give Evidence, they shall be committed to Gaol till they comply. And all Duties and Penalties accruing by this Act shall be applied to the Uses of the Excise Act; but the Treasurer may allow Gratuities out of the same to Informers.

Common

444 uibridgnent of the u4£ts of siffembly of Barbadoes.

Common Piaget,

N° 15. §1. A LL Persons residing in the Island are commanded to give due Obedience, and conform themselves to the Government and Discipline of the Church of England, as established by Acts of Parliament, which Acts the Minister of every Church shall read publickly in the Church, that all Persons may know their Duty, and the Penalties they incur by Neglect thereof j and which mull be put in Execution.

II. §2. And all Justices, Ministers, and other Officers, are required to do their Duties.

Piaget in jramilies.

Courts of Halo anti Cquitg,

N° 3. iLERKSofall Courts shall be sworn, V 1 and give Security to the Judge of the Court for his good Behaviour in his Qr'iice, and for the safe keeping of the Records in his Trull.

II. And that Act does not privilege any Judge to alter, raze out, or diminish any Record.

III. N° 17. In Maritime Cales where Persons concerned cannot flay to the uliial Time of holding Courts, the Governor, on Petition, shall appoint a Special Court of Five Judges, Three of which shall try and determine the Cause, and grant Execution without Delay.

COMMON PLEAS.

N° 16. §1. ALL Mailers and Overseers of Families shall have Prayers read every Morning and Evening, on Penalty of 40 lb. of Sugar.

II. §2. All Mailers of Families that live within Two Miles of the Church, shall repair thereto Morning and Evening on Sundays j and those that live above Two Miles distant shall repair thereto once a Month, on Forfeiture according to the Laws of England •, and Servants neglecting through the Maher’s Fault, the Mailer shall pay 10 lb. of Cotton, if it be the Servant’s Fault, he shall be punished at the Discretion of a Justice.

III. §3. Every Minister shall begin Prayers at Nine o’Clock on Sunday Morning, and preach once that Day.

IV. §4. Every Miniftfer shall either preach or catechise Youth every Sunday in the Afternoon, and indraft them in the Christian Faith.

V. §5. Churchwardens shall provide Stocks near the Church: And Constables shall visit publick Houses in Time of Divine Service, and bring such People as they find drinking or mif-behaving themselves to the Stocks, to fit there Four Hours, or pay 5 s. to the Poor.

VI. §6. Every Person who shall swear or curse, if a Mailer, shall forfeit 4 lb. of Sugar, if a Servant, 2 lb. or put in the Stocks.

VII. §7. Churchwardens shall be sworn to their Office before a Justice, and make Presentments at the Quarter Sessions of Defaulters.

©onflables.

N° 131. 'W’Uftices in Sessions, or Vestry of the J Parish, may appoint any chief Overseer, Attorney, or Agent on a Plantation of 60 Acres of Lind, whole Owner is not resident on the Island, to lerve Constable at the Charge of the Plantation, who shall serve, on Penalty of 2000lb. of Sugar, or Imprison-menc.

IV. N° 18. § i. The Island is divided into Five Precincts, in each of which shall be held a Court of Common Pleas by One Judge and Four A Aidants, impowered by Commission, giving any Three of them Power to hear and determine all Common Pleas according to the Laws of England and Custom of the Island, and to hold Courts in Times and Places as set forth in the Act; but by the Act N° 51 r, there is one Day added to the Time of holding the Court for St. Michael’s, viz. Saturday to each Court: And the Judges may demand Appearance of Defendants by Warrant under their Hand and Seal. Provided the Plaintiff first declare, and a Copy of it be annexed to the Summons, and served on the Defendant Ten Days before the Sitting of the Court. Methods prescribed for proceeding to Trial, fee the Act.

V. §2. Juries shall not be sworn to try Matters of Fast, but by Content of Parties, or Issue joined in a former Court.

VI. §3. In 14 Days after Judgement, at the Plaintiff’s Request, the Judge shall issue his Warrant to attach the Defendant’s Cotton, Tobacco, Ginger, Sugar, or Indico, and for want of such, his Servants, Negroes, or other Moveables, and for want of such, his Lands, and for want of such, his Person to be arrested, and kept until he la-tisfy the Plaintiff.

In the Act N* 97, for repealing the Act establishing Market Days, the Manner of felling attached Goods by Mar-ihals, as curetted by this Act, is confirmed.

Moveables shall be sold at the first Market after 80 Days after the Attachment. And if the Defendant neglect to bring them to Market, the Mar-Ihal shall fell them

By the Act 188, the Term of go Days is repealed, and the Time left an before accustomed, which can only be determined by Precedents on Record.

The Act N* jj, dilefts the Manner of felling Goods by Outcry in open Market by virtue of Executions, /« the Jiet, Folia 147,

next Day, where they are. In the Precincts where there are no Markets, the Defendant shall choose his Market, And if the Goods prove not sufficient, the Mar-Ihal shall levy again. If the Buyer of such Goods be sued for them, he shall* plead such

Sale

Abridgment of the Sl&s of Ylfjembly of Barba does. 44.5-

This Clause is explained by an Act of 1^70. N° 140, whereby if such Goods are iniflm£,the l>efendant shall prove how they mifearried, or be deemed guilty of making them away.

Sale in Bar, which shall be accepted by the Court, and the Marshal shall certify the Sale, to be filed in the O'fice of the Precinct.-

VII. §4.. Bayers of such Goods not paying for them in Five Days, the Judge shall issue Execution against him for the Money, and zo per Cent. over.

VIII. §5. Defendants may keep their Goods afeer attached So Days, in order to redeem them, or if he refule to keep them, the Marshal shall keep them, and if any of them perifii, the Marshal shall attach more •, if the Marshal abuse the Goods, he shall be responsible for them.

XI. §6. If it appears to the Judge that the Defendant hath made away any of his Goods after attached, the Judge shall commit him to Gaol for 14 Days, and if he do not satisfy his Creditor, or produce the Goods in that Time, he shall be set in the Pilory, and lose both his Ears; and the Marshal shall attach what other Estate he has, for the Plaintiff's Satisfaction, even his Lands of Inheritance.

X. §7. In So Days after Lands are attached, the Judge shall order them to be appraised by Seven Freeholders, if 20 Acres, or Five Freeholders if leis than 20 Acres, and Five out of Seven, or Three out of Five to be a Quorums and the Marshal, by the Judges Precept, shall summon and swear such Freeholders, as directed in the Act; and the Judge shall appoint the ablest Persons in the Parish for that Service, and such as are indifferent both to the Plaintiff and Defendant.

XI. §8. It any Persons fommoned to appraile I rand shall neglect to come, or refute to take the Oath, or do the Service, he shall forfeit 1000 lb. of Sugar.

XII. §9. After Appraisement the Marshal shall put the Plaintiff in Possession •, and the Defendant may give the Plaintiff a Bill of Sale, and if it fall short, the Marshal shall attach more, and if it be worth more than the Debt, then lo much as is over shall be returned to the Defendant; and if the Title be questioned, the Plaintiff shall vouch the Defendant; and upon Eviction the Plaintiff shall be repaired out of the Defendant’s other Estate.

XIII. §10. Upon the Plaintiff’s entering into Possession he shall give S.curity not to commit waste in 20 Days; and if the Defendant can redeem it in that Time, then it shall be restored to him; but if he do not redeem it that Time, the Marshal shall give the Plaintiff a Bill of Sale of it, which shall be good to him and his Heirs for ever, against the Defendant, and all claiming under him.

XIV. § xx. In case the Defendant neglect to carry his Sugar, Cotton, Indico, Tobacco, and Ginger (not being the Species attached) to the Market at the Time by this Act appointed,

d

whereby the Marshal is forced to (ell them where they lie, then they shall be carried to the next Market Town at the Charge of the Defendant. And if any IV r ion shall make away with his Goods with Intent to deceive his Creditors, lie shall fcfl. r as by the Laws of England.

XV. §12. Jurors not appearing, or with-drawing from the Service without Leave of the Court, dial] forfeit 30olb. of Sugar.

XVI. To prevent litigious Suits, the Court shall tax full Costs to be paid by the Party call.

XVII. If any Person misbehave in Court, the Court may fine, not exceeding 1000lb. of Sugar, and commit the Offender till it be paid.

XVIII. §13. In Trials upon Bonds and Mortgages, the Defendant may appeal to the Equity of the Court; and the Court diall determine the fame between the Sittings of the Court.

XIX. §14. Every Man shall be sued in the Precinct where he lives, unless Two or more be filed in one Action, who live in several Precinct:;, and then the Governor shall appoint what Court they diall appear in.

XX. §15. No Execution upon Nihil dicit shall issue until the next Court •, and if the Defendant make it appear that he had good Matter to plead in Discharge of the Action, then he shall be admitted to try at that Court; but if no such Matter appear, then Execution shall issue.

XXI. §16. If the Defendant willingly diew Goods or Lands to be attached that are not his own, he shall forfeit double the Value.

XXII. §17. All former Acts of Courts for the like Purposes as this Act, are repealed.

XXIII. N° 19. §1. No written Depositions shall be allowed as Evidence in Courts, unless it be proved that the Deponent had departed the liland before Trial, or that he is hindered by Sickness, and that the other Party had Notice to be present when the Dtposition was taken.

XXIV. §2. And if any Witness be extream sick, or be to go off the Eland, then the De-position of such Witness, taken by the Governor, or a Judge or Justice of Peace, in the Presence of the Plaintiff and Defendant, shall be esteemed good Evidence, and not otherwise but if either Party refule to come, after Notice given, then the Evidence shall be good, though taken in their Absence.

XXV. N° 173. §1. The Secretary in his Office shall keep a publick Table for putting up Names of Persons intended to go off the Eland, with their Additions and Places of Abode; and the Secretary is not to give a Ticket or Licence to depart under 21 Days, unless Security be given to answer all Underwritings that shall be entered in 21 Days from the Time, such Name was put up.

XXVI. §2. If the Person intending to go off is not well known to the Secretary to have gone by that Name, he shall grant no Ticket until he is certified of his Name by a Justice,

E e e e which

44-6 Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

which Certificate Avail be kept by the Secretary as his Warrant, who Avail also take Security to answer all Underwritings, and then the Secretary Avail grant a Ticket, to be signed by the Governor, for such Person’s Departure, which Ticket shall be a sufficient Warrant to any Matter of a Ship to transport such Person oft' the Island.

XXVII. Provilb, that the fame do not extend to Women Covert, or Children under 14 Years of Age, except to such Women who exercise Trade as if Feme-foie.

XXVIII. §3. Persons underwriting against others who are going oil'. Avail set forth the Sunv owing, and how it doth arise.

XXIX. And if it be for Part of a Bill or Penalty, it Avail let forth the whole Sunv of the Bill, £s?<r. with the Dates as well as what remains due, that the Secretary may take Security for what is underwritten, and such Plaintiff Avail declare for such Part as is due.

XXX. And the Persons underwriting Avail file their Actions in 21 Days after Securicy be given for their Debts due, on Penalty of Bar to their Action, and Forfeiture of 2000 lb. of Sugar.

XXXI. §4. Any Person may underwrite any other Person for any Sum, observing the Method aforesaid, and the Secretary to take Security for the lame before he deliver a Ticker, under Penalty of paying the Damage.

XXXII. Provided the Persons underwriting file their Action in 21 Days after the Debt becomes payable, otherwise his Action Avail be barred for ever.

XXXIII. §5. Freeholders of Ten Acres of Land Avail not be arrested, nor any Person for less than 61. 5s. but A all be summoned to answer to the Suit, unless he hath taken out a Ticket to depart the Island, and hath not given Bond to answer all Underwritings in 21 Days after first putting up. his Name •, and Plaintiffs in such Arrests shall be nonsuited, and pay treble Colls.

XXXIV. §6. All Plaintiffs shall set forth the Cause of Action in the Warrant of Arrest.

XXXV. §7. The Governor, on Complaint of Persons underwritten or arrested, may issue a Commission to Five Persons, Three to be a Quorum, and One of them to be a Justice of the Quorum, or Two of them private Justices, to- be Judges of a Special Coure, to try causes of Underwritings and Arrests; if the Persons applying for such Court make Oath, that they are intended off the Istand, and cannot without Prejudice stay for the common Proceedings at Law.

XXXVI. § &. Such Special Judges shall be sworn to do Justice as- other Judges are, and then Audi summon the Plaintiffs to file their Actions, and come- to Trial without Delay, and Aall issue a Precept to the Marshal to summon a Jhry, and do- all other Things necessary

as a Court of Common Picas, and enter Judgements, and issue Executions on Bodies or Goods.

XXXVII. §9. If Plaintiff underwriting or arresting appear not on Summons to prokcutc their Suits, or upon Trial no just Caule appear, or that not the major Pait of what was lived lor appears due, or that the Court judge the Prc-lccutions malicious or vexatious-, in such Cales Verdict Avail pals for the Defendant, with treble Damages and double Colls, and a Penalty of* 2000 lb. of Sugar to the Publick •, and in calc of a Nonl'uit, or Actions noc duly filed, the Court Aall give Judgement for Colls, Damages, and Penalties, as if a Verdict had been given.

XXXVIII. §10. Marshal’s Fee is 500 lb. of Sugar, and Clerk’s loolb. and for filing the Record, 50lb. of Sugar.

XXXIX. § n. The Judges Avail certify their Proceedings to the Secretary, in order to grant or rcfole a Ticket, and to the Mar Aval, in order to releale or detain a Prisoner.

XL. Provided, that if the Cause of underwriting or arresting be not made good, the same shall be void.

XLI. §12. If a Plaintiff do not file his Action in Three Days after Arrest, then the Defendant may take up his Bail bond, or be discharged out of Prison, and no Action Aall be filed after on that Arrest, and Aall forfeit 3000//'. of Sugar: And where Actions lie in Damages uncertain, the Underwriting may be in grols, and not liable to the foregoing Rules.

XLII. §13. All Underwritings or Arrests for above 200l. Sterling, the Security Avail be approved of by the Governor and Council.

XLIII. §14. In Cales of Defendant in Ar-rest not appearing, Execution Aall issue, and if Effects cannot be found, nor his Body returned to Prison, Execution Aall issue against the Securities, to be levied by the MarAal, although such Securities live in any other Precinct.

XLIV. §15. The Secretary to take no other Fees than is appointed by Law; and if he neglect his Duty, he Avail pay all Damages and Colls to the Party wronged.

XLV. §16. Persons obtaining Tickets by indirect Means, Aall pay all Colls and Damages to the Party injured. And whoever Aall deliver up a Ticket, so that another Person Avail get off the Island by the fame, he Aall pay all such Cofis and Damages.

XLVI. §17. Mailers having Occasion to transport Servants or Slaves, Aall obtain a Ticket from the Governor, letting forth their Number and Names, for which he Aall pay 10 lb. of Sugar.

XLVII. Provided the Mailer prove before a Justice, by credible Witness, or his own Oath, that such Servants or Slaves are his own proper Estate, and produce a Certificate thereof to the Governor before the Certificate be granted.

XLVIII. §18. Underwritings for any Sum less than 61: 5 s. may be tried by any Justice,

in

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 447

in the same Manner as in Cafes of Servants Wages.

XLIX. §15. A former Act of this Nature is rcpeak-d, with a Saving to Law Suits then undetermined.

L. N" 18S. §2. The Marshals of Courts, Constables, for Labour an/i Servants Wages, or Provisions, may attach any Part or Parcel of any Windmill, Millhouse, or any Building, for Satisfaction of any Debt whatever, and the lame to appraise and deliver in severalty.

LI. N° 2 10. § i. Writs of Summons shall be left in the Defendant’s Plane! in all causes of Common Pleas.

LII. §2. All Writs shall be enter’d in a Book to be kept lor that Purpose.

LIII. N°2i9. No Warrant of Arrest shall be returned to the Court, but in that Precinct where the Defendant relides.

LIV. N° 303. If a Judge die, or be removed after a Warrant of Attorney granted to confess a Judgement before him, such Attorney shall confeis it before his Successor.

LV. N" 357. No CLrk in any Court of Common Pleas shall plead or practise in any Proceedings in that Court in which he is a Clerk, on Forfeiture of his Office, and excluded from being a sworn Clerk in that or any Court of Common Pleas for ever, and to forfeit 50l.

LVI. N’ 375. The Governor and Council being Judges in all Concroverfies in Error and Equky, it’s enabled. That no Person shall fit in that Court to judge in those Matters, until he hath taken the Oath prescriNd in this Act, which Oath the Governor is to administer.

LVII. The Governor shall take the lame Oath of his own Administration, which shall be as effectual as if done by a Dedimus.

LVIII. N° 428. No Judge in this Iflancl shall plead or praChfe in any of the Courts within the lame.

LIX. N° 527. When any Commission shall ifiiie, appointing a chief Judge and Four Affilt-ants of any Court of Common Pleas, lo loon as the chief Judge and any Two Assistants are sworn, they shall hold Courts, and proceed in all Cafes, die lame as if all die Four Assistants had been sworn.

LX. If any one or two Assistant-judges shall die, or depart from die Island, the Chief Judge and remaining Assistants may proceed and hold Courts the same as if the Commission had been full.

LXI. If a Governor die or depart from the Island, or in case a new Governor arrive, the Commissions appointing Judges and Assistants shall remain in full Force until superceded; and the said Chief Judges and Assistants shall hold Courts, as if they had new Commissions.

LXII. The Chief Judge, with Two Assistants, or Three Altiltants without the Chief Judge, may hold Courts of Appeal on the same Days that Courts of Common Pleas are held.

LXIII. In Cafes where a Chief Judge, or a Chief Judge and one Assistanc are Parties to a Cause, the eldest Assistanr, not a Party, shall sign all the Proceedings, as the Chief Judge may do in other Cafes.

LXIV. In all Writs, the Words [Before Our Chief Judge and his Ajfjlants] shall be left out.

LXV. No Juryman shall be challenged for Confenguinity to the Plaintiff or Defendant, un-ids he be within the Degrees of Kindred described in the Act.

LXVI. Nor for Affinity, unless the feme arile in the Manner also described in the Act.

LXVII. And no Plaintiff shall challenge a Juror for Confenguinity or Affinity, unless the lame be on the Part of the Defendant; nor shall any Defendant make such Challenge, but on the Part of the Plaintiff.

LXVIII. Where a full Jury shall not appear in Court, or upon appearing by Challenges, as above, the feme shall not be full, the Court lit all command the Marshal to fill up the Lift by other able Persons of the Precinct then present, who shall have the feme Power, and be under the feme Restrictions as the first Jurymen summoned by Writ: And if any such new appointed Juryman be called, and wilfully withdraw himself, he shall be liable to the lame Fine as for not appearing on Summons.

LXIX. Upon Motion made for a Special Ver-diCt, the Court may, if they think fit, direct the feme, and if the Jury bring in a General Verdict, the Court may reject the feme.

LXX. That all Persons may better know when their causes are likely to come on, the Clerk of the Court shall put up Lifts of all causes in the Method prescribed in the Act two Days before Sitting of the Court j and the Clerk making Default therein, shall lose his Place, and answer Damages to the Person injured.

LXXI. The Court shall proceed on Trials according to such Lift, unless in Cafes where Plaintiff and Defendant agree otherwise, or where good Cause appear to the Court on Oath to defer such Trial.

LXXII. If the Court cannot determine all the Caules depending before the Adjournment of the Court, the next Court after the Trial of Negro Actions, shall begin with the old causes in Course, and then proceed to new ones.

LXXIII. The Chief Judges in taxing of Costs of Suit, shall observe the Rules pre-lcribed in the Act.

LXXIV. N° 547. A Court of Grand Sese fions of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, shall be held the Second Tuesday in June and December yearly, by the Governor, Counsellors, Judges, and Justices of Peace, in which die Governor shall preside as Chief Justice: And all Proceedings shall be had according to the Laws of England and of that Island.

LXXV. In

44S sibridgtnent of the Ascis of yfjjetnbly of Barbadoes.

LXXV. In Absence of the Governor, the first Person named in the Commission ot Over and Terminer Avail preside as Chief Justice, and the Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, and of the Peace, Avail be issued by the Governor, under the Great Seal of the Island.

LXXVI. Writs for holding the Grand Set-fions shall be published in each Parish three Sundays before held •, and Six Freeholders of each Parish shall be appointed to attend the Court as Jurors, and not to depart without Leave of the Court; and the Returns of such Freeholders shall be made to the Clerk of the Crown seven Days before the Court begin.

LXXVII. All Justices, Coroners, and other Officers, shall send to the Clerk of the Crown ten Days before Sessions all Recognizances or other Writings relating to the Sessions, upon Penalty of 20l. and be committed by the Governor till paid.

LXXVIII. All Justices, Coroners, or other Officers, who shall neglect to attend, or shall depart without Leave, Avail be fined 5 !.

LXXIX. All Persons bound to prosecute any other Person at the Sessions, shall, seven Days before Sessions, apply to the Attorney General or Clerk of the Crown, and give Information of the Crimes to be prosecuted, in order to prepare Indictments or Informations, on Penalty of 5l.

LXXX. The Clerk of the Crown in three Weeks after Sessions Avail return to the Governor, and the Court of Exchequer, a full Account of all Fines, &c. on Penalty of 5l. for every Fine, ftfe. not fb returned.

LXXXI. The Charges of each Sessions, not exceeding 1001. Sterling, Avail be paid by the casual Receiver, on an Order from the Governor, with the Afient of the Council.

LXXXIL A former Act concerning the General Sessions is hereby repealed.

LXXXIII. N°557. No Person but a Freeholder of ten Acres of Land, or a House worth jo I. a Year, Avail serve as a Juror to try Real Actions.

LXXXIV. N° 576, & 577. The Courts of Grand Sessions not having been held for near two Years, from December 1711, to November 1713, the foregoing Act of 1708, was revived in November 1713, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXXV. But another Accident happening rendered the last Act doubtful, wherefore another Act was pasted in December 1713, for holding such Court.

LXXXVI. N° 621. §1. If Plaintiff or Defendant in a Court of Common Pleas request a Special Verdict, the Court Avail order the Jury to bring it in specially, letting forth the Matters of Fast and Law, as the fame appeared in Court, and as the Counsel or Attorney on each Side Avail agree to in open Court, that the Party aggrieved may bring his Writ of Error; and if the Jury, contrary to Direction, bring in a

This Act is repealed by the Act 730, and a Method is clteblished by that Act for obtaining Special Verdicts.

This Act is also repealed b/ the Ail Nrt;jo.

General Verdict, the Court Avail quafiv it.

LXXXVII. §2. If any Judge Avail, upon Request, refuse to direct the Jurors to find the Caule specially, he Avail be rendered incapable of serving the Publick in any Place Civil or Military, and be liable to pay Damages to the Party whose RequeA is refused, to be recovered before a Justice of Peace.

LXXXVIII. §3. If a Jury bring in a General Verdict after directed to bring in a Special Verdict, every Juryman Avail be committed to Gaol Six Months without Bail, and forfeit 10L to the Party who desired such Special Verdict, to be recovereel before a Justice of Peace.

LXXXIX. §4. If any Verdict Avail be pub-liflved contrary to the Request of either Party, the fame Avail be aAigned as Error, and set aftde the Judgement.

XC. §5. The Attornies for the Plaintiff and Defendant in Cafes of spe-cial Verdicts, Avail take the Oath prescribed in the Act, upon Penalty of being disabled to practise.

XCI. §6. The Judges Avail determine Special Verdicts the next Court after such Motion made.

XCII. N° 634. §1. The Oath by the foregoing Act appointed to be taken by Attornies upon drawing Special Verdicts is hereby repealed.

XCIII. §2. A new Oath is appointed to be taken by such Attornies, under the lame Penalty of being disabled to praftifo.

XCIV. N° 646. When any Appeal Avail be made to the Crown from a Judgement obtained in any Coure in Barbadoes, Execution Avail be flayed, unless the Person obtaining such Judgement or Decree give Bond, with sufficienr Security in double Value, to make Restitution to the Appellant of all he has loft, in case luclv Judgement or Decree Avail be reversed, and Restitution awarded the Bond to be made to the Governor, and the Security approved by the Court from which the Appeal is made.

XCV. §2. When a Bond is forfeited the Governor Avail assign it to the Appellant to be sued, out of which Recovery Satisfaction Avail be made to the Appellant for what he has loft by such Judgement or Decree that Avail be reversed.

XCVI. N° 655 . No Person Avail be admitted an Evidence in any Case who is descended from a Negro, except in the Trial of Slaves.

XCVII. Nor shall any Person 'be admitted a Juryman to try Real Actions, unless he be qualified in the Manner described in several Clauses of the same Act •, for which fee the A3, and the Abridgment of it is under the Head of £UTCtnt)U63«

XCVIII. N° 666. A Judge in any of the Courts of Common Pleas in the IAand may be sued in the fame Precinct wherein he lives or

is

449

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Burbadoes.

is Judge, or in any other Precimft in the IQand, at the Choice of the Plaintiff".

XCIX. N° 684. Is an Act for ereSling a Magazine and Courl-house, &c. See Title Qgft;

ga?ine,

C. N° 717. Has fevered Chnfcs relating to Proceedings on Bills or Deeds transferred by Endorse-ment or Alignment, which fee under the Title T5illf3

of GErcfjancje.

COURT MERCHANT.

Cl. N° 17. In Maritime Cafes when Persons concerned cannot flay to the usual Time of holding Courts, the Governor shall appoint a Special Court to determine such causes.

IDebts arm Debto?sk

N" 9. §1. tT~~^ Reditors proving Bonds or other Writings before a Mayor or other chief Officer of any Corporation in England, shall recover his Debt thereon in any Court in Barbadoes, as if the Witness had appeared in Court, and sworn to such Bond or Writing.

II. §2. And the Jury shall give Verdict, and the Judge proceed accordingly.

III. Provided no Execution issue, unless the Plaintiff give double Security to refund in case the Defendant disproves the Debt in Two Years.

IV. N° 44. §1. Debtor in Prison who hath not wherewith to pay, may, if he will fubnvit, be ordered by the Judge to serve such Creditor as will give him the best Wages, till his Debts are satisfied provided the Debts exceed not 2000lb. of Sugar.

V. §2 In case of fraudulent Contracts between Debtors or Creditors, the Judge may revoke his Orders, and prosecute the Offenders, as in case of Fraud.

VI. N°68o. §5. If any Master of a Vessel or other Person carry off the Island any Person indebted, or any contracted Servant, such Vessel and Cargo, or that Part thereof belonging to fitch Master or other Person offending shall be forfeited, to the Use of the Persons aggrieved, fb far as their Damages amount to, and the Overplus to the Publick. See more of this Act in Title jftcgtoeg.

VII. N°7i7. This Abi has several Clauses in it relating to the transferring of Debts by Endorse-tnents or Alignments on Notes or Deeds, which fee under the Title 'iBUlai of aErc&anse.

tDutp on J&egtoed impoiteu,

N° 372. V] O Duty shall be paid for any Ne-1^1 groes sold to the Subjects of

Spain.

II. N° 516. Every Person to whom Negroes are brought or consigned to shall pay 55. per Head in 30 Days after landing, on Penalty of double Duty.

III. Matters of Vedels importing Slaves shall not be permitted to trade with, or land any such Slaves before he hath made Oath of the true Number brought, on Forfeiture of for. for every Slave imported •, and in case he enter a short Number, he shall forfeit 10 s. for every Slave entered short.

IV. Every Person landing Slaves privately before Oath made, any Person may icize such Slaves, and recover the full Value of them against the Person in whole Possession they are found : And the Treasurer shall issue Execution against

Persons making Default in Payment of the Duties or Forfeitures.

V. The Treasurer ft vail have for his Care and Trouble Three per Cent, and if he negleCi to proceed against Debtors for Arrearages Six Months after due, the Debtor shall be difehar-ged, and the Treasurer shall be charged with the same.

VI. Forfeitures dial I be Half to the Publick, and Half to the Informer.

VII. N° 593. All Negroes or other Slaves imported or brought to the Island, though not landed, shall pay the Duty of §s. per Head, except such as are exported in the fame Vessel that brought them, and that in 48 Hours after their Importation, and the Master maketh Oath that such Slaves intended to be exported have not been fold, nor any Agreement made for their Delivery at any other Place, but that they are exported on the whole Rilque of the first Con-lignors.

Dy the Act N° 738, the Li-miuition of 48 Hours is repealed; and all Negroes exported in the fame Vessel shall be tree, upon Oath made that the Pro* perty was not altered.

DUTY ON LIQUORS. See <£.rtifC>

<*Eflatesh

N° 4. r 1 HIS Alt has several Clauses in it re-i lating to Bounds of Land, and the Duly of Surveyors; which fee under the Titles of

Xountis of Harm, and *» this

Abridgment.

II. N° 22. §1&2. Since Fines and Recoveries cannot be had here as in England, therefore a Deed in due Form made, and in Three Months acknowledged before the Governor or a Chief Justice by the Party that grant away or lease for above Three Years any Inheritance (and recorded in the Secretary’s Office) shall be valid without Livery or other Ceremony} and no Deed without such Acknowledgment and Inrollment shall pais any Estate of Inheritance for more than Three Years.

III. §3. If a married Woman alien her Jointure, Dower, Freehold, or Inheritance, the Governor or Judge shall examine her in private, whether she does it freely and not for fear, then her Acknowledgement shall be endorsed on the Writing and be valid.

F f f f

4>'o Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

IV. And also Fines levied in England, and brought over and recorded there, shall be good.

V. §4. Every Person that had an F.lhite for above Three Years, was to record the Deeds in the Secretary’s Office. This Clause was temporary.

VI §5. Persons having been then Five Years in quiet Possession of Land, shall have a good Title, unless filed for in Two Years, or in case of Disability, then to be sued for in One Year after such Disability was removed. This Clause was also temporary.

VII. §6. Persons to whom Title to Lands shall descend shall prosecute their Right in Two Years after such Right accrues, or be barred for ever, except Persons under Disability, who mud prosecute such Right in One Year after the Disability is removed.

VIII. §7. The Secretary shall fairly record all such Deeds brought to him for 50lb. of Tobacco each Deed, on Forfeiture of 1000 lb. of Tobacco, and Damages to the Party injured, and the like for every Pound he shall take above his Fee of 50 lb. of Tobacco to the Person injured.

IX. §8. Whoever shall imbezii, raze, or deface any Record, on Conviction shall incur the Pain of Death •, and the Person who fullered by such Imbezilment, fcfr. shall have all the Estate Real and Personal of the Person convicted.

X. §9. Every Woman upon the Death of her Husband, not having a Jointure, shall have Dower one third Part of her Husband’s Lands, but shall have no Dower but of such Lands only as her Husband died possessed of.

XI. §10. The Term of Five Years quiet Possession shall bar all Actions concerning Tides of Land against the Plaintiff or Demandant, unless he can disprove the fame, or prove himl'elf under Disability when the five Years quiet Possession commenced, or that the Tenant held the fame in fbme particular Estate expired.

XII. N° 32. Enacts, that it any Person in-croach upon his Neighbour’s Line within the old Bounds, or cut down any corner or marked Trees directing in the Lines, or any other Trees out of his own Bounds, shall forfeit for every marked and corner or Timber Tree so cut 500 lb. of Sugar, and for every other 100®. of Sugar.

XIII. N° 46. This is an Explanatory Act to a former Act for settling the Estates and Titles of the Inhabitants to their Plantations, and was made only with an Intent to supply a Defect in the former Act, in the want of the Words [their Heirs] but there is no such Act to be found as that herein referred to.

XIV. N° 50. This Act declares all former Sales of Land by Attornies, Executors, and Administrators, to be good and valid, as if they had been made by their Principals.

XV. And all Possessors of Lands then holding by Merchants, or Titles derived from them, were confirmed therein.

XVI. N° 48. No Person shall make forceable

Entries or Detainers into or of any Lands, or enter secretly for gaining Poffdlion, without Recovery at Law first had and obtained, under Penalty of io,Ooo/A of Sugar : And the two next Justices, on Complaint, are to remove such Entries and Possessiions, and commit the Offenders until they give Bail to appear and try the fame at next Session : And in case of Re Allan ce, the Justices shall raile the Country, and proceed against the Offenders as Rioters or Rebels : And if a Justice neglect, he shall forfeit 10,000 lb. of Sugar.

XVII. This Act not to extend to Entries made upon Breaches of Covenants, or Arrears of Rent, where the Title is not brought into Question, or the Owner not dispossessed.

XVIII. N° 94. All Negro Slaves shall be adjudged Real Estate, and not Chattels, and shall descend as Lands of Inheritance.

XIX. But Slaves fold, need not be inrolled as Lands are required to be.

XX. Nor shall this Act extend to Merchants or Factors bringing Negroes to the Island, or having any fitch consigned to them, but they shall hold them in the fame Condition as before this Act was made, until Sale has been made of them in the Island.

XXI. By the Act NJ 178, Slaves shall be declared Chattels for the Payment of Debts, but shall remain Real Estate to all other Purposes.

XXII. N° 122. Preamble to this Act recites a Preamble to an Act of 1649, and Part of another Act of 16 52, both relating to Titles to Estates, neither of them are now extant, nor were they at the Time of passing this Act duly observed -, therefore this enacts. That no Deed shall bar a real Purchaser, unless it be proved before the Governor, or a Chief Judge, and recorded in the Secretary’s Office in three Months after Delivery, if the Purchaser be ignorant of any former Sale •, but if he knew of a former Sale, though not duly proved and recorded, then the former Sale shall stand good, and bar the latter; it being the Intent of this Act that all real Purchasers should be as safe there as by Fine and Recovery in England.

XXIII. N° 137. This Act recites the afore mentioned Act of 1649, and another of 1661, relating to Claims of Land 5 and, to prevent Disputes thereon, enacts, §1.That all Persons claiming Land shall do it by Action duly entered in Court according to the Rules of the Court, and the Pot feffors shall be summoned.

XXIV. And the Judges shall allow no other Claim but by Action on Record and Summons.

XXV. §2. All Actions of Claim shall be brought to Trial in five Years, and that Trial shall be conclusive, and a Bar for ever.

XXVI. §3. All Persons claiming under such as have lost their Claim, shall be barred also; and the Act of 1649, or of 1661, called the Act of Non-claim, may be given in Evidence^ and shall be accepted on Trial.

XXVII. §4.’

ylbridgment of the Acts of -/Jffemblj) of Barbadoes. 45-1

XXVII. §4. Man and Wife of full Age, or Feme-lble, if appear before a Judge, or Mayor in Great Britain, or Governor in any other of the British Dominions, may alien Land in that Island, by Deed certified by such Magistrate’s Seal, and recorded in the Secretary’s Office in twelve Months.

XXVIII. N° 214. Estates are liable to be taken in Execution and fold for the Payment of Parish Dues, Excifo, or other Debts.

XXIX. N° 608. The Act to enable the Representatives of the Parish of Christ Church to fell fix Acres and thirty Perches of Land, formerly the Gift of P. Trowell deceased. The Preamble to this Act lets forth the Reasons why the Land ought to be sold for the Good of the Poor of the Parish, and enacts a Power to the faici Representatives to fell the Land and lodge the Purchase-money in the Hands of the Churchwardens and Vellry, for the same Uses as the Land was designed.

This last Act is properly only a Private Act, but is declared in the last Clause of it to be a Publick Law.

fiErcJjequer.

N°620. §1. 7VT O Person, except the Gover-nor, and the other Officers named in the Act, shall maintain any Action in the Court of Exchequer for the Recovery of any Debt, unless the Plaintiff at the next Court appear before a Baron, and swear that he is really indebted to the Crown, and in what Sum, and that he is not able to pay the same without recovering the Debt declared for.

II. §2. The Court of Exchequer shall be held on the Friday next after the Chancery Court is held in every Month, for hearing and determining such Pleas, and not oftner.

III. §3. All Persons who have the Privilege of suing in the Court of Exchequer, may be feed themselves in the said Court by any Person, though such Person Plaintiff be not indebted to the Crown.

IV. §4. No Execution shall issue upon any common Plea in the Exchequer until 14 Days after Judgement obtained •, and every Execution on a common Plea shall run in the lame Form as Executions in the Courts of Common Pleas.

V. §5. No Capias shall be taken out again!! the Body of any Person for any Debt recovered in the Exchequer by a private Person instead of an Execution; but the fame Method shall be had for obtaining the Debt, as is used in the Court of Common Pleas.

VI. §6. The Marshal of the Exchequer shall proceed in levying Executions in the same Manner as the Marshal of the Court of Common Pleas.

VII. §7. This Act: not to hinder the Rights of the Crown in the said Court.

VIII. N° 690. This Act: is chiefly for the Limitation of Actions, for filing Mortgages, &c.

and has a Proviso in Favour of Purchasers of Land who have Interest in any Judgement or Decree, allowing them to keep their Claim on foot, as they might have done before this Act was made.

dErcifc*

N°2i4. §3. "I ~| PON all Judgements for Non-payment of Excise, Executions may be levied upon Lands or Buildings which shall be deemed as Chattels, and sold by. Outcry, which shall be as good to the Buyer as if by Appraisement.

II. N° 286. §3. Is to the fame Purport as the foregoing.

III. N° 524. The Treasurer of the Island has hereby Power to issue a Warrant again!! every Person indebted to the Duty of Excise, which shall be executed by a Constable in the same Manner as Taxes on Negroes Heads had been levied. And if the Constable fail in his Duty, he shall be proceeded again!! as directed by a former Law for collecting the Tax on Negro Heads.

Creditors, ammniffrato#, anu <®uav* mans.

N° 50. ^"1 Onveyances of Land by Executors or Administrators are declared good

and valid.

II. N° 538. Every Executor, Administrator, or Guardian, before he obtain Letters Testamentary, or of Administration, or Guardianship, shall before the Secretary of the Island take the Oath prescribed in the Act.

III. And in case a married Woman be appointed an Executrix, Administratrix, or Guardian. Ihe shall take the fame Oath •, and her Husband another Oath, as prescribed in the said Act.

IV. If a Woman residing in the Island be an Executrix, Administratrix, or Guardian, and afterwards marry, the Husband in 20 Days after Marriage shall take the afore mentioned Oath appointed to be taken by Husbands of Executrixes, Administratrixes, £s?r. or elie the Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Guardianship, shall cease and become void.

V. A Clause is inserted to oblige all Persons who had taken out Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Letters of Guardian-ship, before the passing of this Act, and had not taken such Oath, to take the fame in ten Days, on Penalty of all such Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or of Guardianship, being entirely void.

Jfeesf*

N° 41. §1. A N Y Secretary, Clerk, or other Officer, who shall take other Fees than is expressed in this Act, shall lose his

Office,

Slbridgnieut of the slcis of j4J]embly of Jkrbudocs.

Office, and luster one Month’s Imprisonment.

II. §2. All Fees established by this Act shall be fairly engrafted in Tables, and hung up in the respective Offices and Courts where they are taken, on Penalty of ioooo lb. of Sugar, Half to the Publick, and Half to the Informer.

III. §3. The Secretary, and the Clerks and Marffials shall appoint a Place at the Sea Side or Town in their respective Precincts, that People may know where to carry their Sugar to be paid for Fees •, and no Officer to refuse Sugar at the Price mentioned in this Act, on Penalty of xoooo lb. of Sugar.

The Fees enumerated in this Act are.

The Secretary’s,

Clerk of the Peace,

Clerk of the private Courts, Chancery, and Marshal’s.

IV. And the Provost-marshal shall have 100 lb. of Sugar for every House licensed to fell Drink not of the Manufacture of the Island.

V. And to have the Custody of the Cage and all Prisoners shall pay Fees for Discharges, the same as if committed to Prison.

VI. N°42. No Establishment of Fees shall be in Force more than six Months; but if the Governor, Council, and Assembly do not alter them at the Expiration of any six Months, then the old Fees shall continue in Force till altered by the Governor, Council, and Assembly.

VII. N° 108. §1. Any Officer neglecting his Duty, or taking other Fees than what are established by this Act, shall forfeit 5000 lb. of Sugars and the Party grieved shall recover his Damage at Law, and the Officer shall lose his Employment, and fufier three Months Imprisonment.

VIII. §2. All Fees established by this Act shall be fairly engrossed in a Table, and hung up in the respective Offices where taken, on Penalty of 1000 lb. of Sugar.

IX. §3. Fees may be paid in Sugar or Money at three Half-pence per Pound s if Sugar is tendered, and any Dispute arise as to its Goodness, the next Justice shall value it, and the Officer shall receive it at such Valuation.

The Fees established in this Act are divided under the following Heads, viz.

The P rovoft-mar shal’s.

Clerk of Peace.

Chconer.

Clerk of Chancery, and Examiner.

Serjeant at Arms.

Ordinary, and his Register.

Governor’s Clerk.

Surveyors.

Justice of Peace’s Clerk.

See the Act.

auditing,

r. (I.

o

o

o

o

X. NJ 128. Clerk of Common Pleas' in small causes, lor filing

and Warrant, shall have-----

For entering Order or Sentence,

Marshal for serving Process, —

XI. N" 145. §1. If the Secretary or his Deputy take any other Fees than is expressed in this Act for the Business therein named, he shall forfeit his Office, and be proceeded against as an Extortioner, to be convicted by Confession, or one Witness, before the Governor or two Justices of Peace.

XII. §2. The Fees appointed by this Act shall be hung up in a Table in the Secretary’s Office, on Penalty of 10,000 lb. of Sugar.

XIII. §3. For Business not named in this Act he shall take such Fees as the Governor shall appoint, not exceeding one Pound of Sugar for a Line of eight Words, until the next Assembly, when the same shall be ascertained and annexed to his Table of Fees, on Penalty of forfeiting his Office, and six Months Impn-ionment.

See the Fable of Fees at the End of the Act.

XIV. N° 173. § io,& 17.

Marshal’s Fees for furmnon- 500 lb. of Sugar.

ing a Jury,

Clerk of Court’s Fees for Trials, 200 lb. of Ditto.

and for filing a Record,-----50/A of Ditto.

Governor’s Ticket to transport Servants, Fee is but 10 lb. of Sugar.

XV. N° 300. Justices to have 6 d. for a Warrant of Distress, or Deliverance of Cattle impounded and 12 d. for a Replevin.

XVI. N° 329. Marshal shall have 4 d. per Day for keeping a runaway Slave; and the Turnkey 6d. lor his Discharge.

XVII. N° 333. The Marshal’s Fees for felling Goods by Outcry are regulated. See §3, &4.

XVIII. N° 505. A Constable di-7

straining for Rent, shall have J

For summoning an Appraiser of \ the Distress, - J

For a Certificate of an Appraisement,

XIX. N° 506. A Minister shall 1 take for a Marriage in a Church,—J

in any other Place, -

For a Funeral in the Church, -

in the Chancel,

I. S. d.

0 5 0

0 2 6

0 2 6

0 5 0

I 0 0

I 0 0

2 10 0

2 0 0

A Funeral Sermon,

XX N° 533. The Secretary shall have \$d. for the Oath administred to a Master of a Ship against carrying off Slaves or Whites without Tickets, to be paid by the Publick.

XXI. N° 556. Justice’s and Constable’s Fees in Relation to Negro causes. See the Act in Folio 263.

XXII. N° 583. The Secretary! I. s. d.

shall have for writing a Gunner’s Pe- >050 tition, - J

and for an Order thereon, XXIII. N° 711. For a Warrant! of Survey, - j

050

076

JFinetf,

-Abridgment of the Ylcts of Ylfjembly of Barba does.

4n

JFine.3,

N° 40. §1. /CLERKS of the several Courts V i Avail keep Accounts of all Fines imposed for Misdemeanors or Neglects, and every two Months deliver to the Marshals and to the Treasurer a List of such Fines attested and the MarAials are to repair to the Judges for Executions to levy the lame; and the MarAials are to levy them, and appraise and fell the Goods levied, as in Cafes of Debt.

II. And the Marshals Avail deliver the Goods received for Fines to the Treasurer, for the Use of the Publick.

III. §2. Clerks or Marshals neglecting their Duty, Avail be difnvilTed from their Employment, and lulFer three Months Imprisonment.

jTiflh

N° 669. §1. O Person Avail use the Juice

of Mancheneel Trees, or Poison Trees, or any other Poison, therewith to take, poison, or destroy FiAv.

II. §2. A white Person offending Avail forfeit 5l.

III. §3. A Slave offending Avail be whipt, not exceeding 39 LaAves. And every Justice of Peace nvay hear and determine such Offences.

Jr'ojcftallctg, SlnpolTctg, anti iRegi-aters.

N° 171. §1. "C'VERY Person buying Provi-' Aons from on Board any Yet fel coming from beyond Sea before such Provisions are brought on Shore and honied, for in-hancing the Price, or withholding the fame from present Sale, Avail be deemed a Forestaller -, and whoever Avail get into his Hands any such Provisions after landing, with intent to make Profit thereby, without Licence from the Governor, siva,l be deemed a Regrater and In-grofier.

II. §2. Every Offender against this Act, convicted before two Justices of the Peace, or in Sessions, Avail for the first Offence forfeit all such Provisions bought, and suffer three Months Imprisonment •, for the second Offence double Value of the Provisions, and six Months Impri-lonment; for the third Offence all his Goods and Chattels, and nine Months Imprilbnnvent: And the Justices in Sessions Avail give this Act: in Charge to the Clerk of the Market, or any other Person, to enquire after these Offences.

III. N° 207. §1. Every Person felling Provisions brought to the Island, before Oath made that such Provisions were really consigned from some foreign Part to such Seller, or that he brought the same to fell from beyond Sea to the Island, shall be deemed a Forestaller.

IV. §2. Every Person Avail be deemed a Forestaller, Ingrosser, or Regrater, who is described

to be so by the Statute of the Fifth of Ed-ivard the Sixth; and Per fens informed against as Rich Avail be bound to appear at the SJTions and, if found guilty at the Sessions, he Avail forfeit ior the first Offence 30l. for the second 60l. and for the third set on the Pilory, and forfeit all his Goods and Cham Is •, Half the Forfeitures to the Informer, and Half to the Publick; to be iued for by the Informer in a Court of Common Pleas; and the Proceedings to be in the Manner prescribed in the Excise Act: And every Offence against: this Act shall be deemed a common Nusance.

V. Provided none shall be twice punished for one Offence; nor Avail it extend to Huckfters, who fell Salt or Provisions in Markets.

VI. Quakers may tender an Evidence to prove their Right to the Provisions they fell.

VII. §3. Persons buying Provisions to export, Avail forfeit the feme, and the Vesse!; and if the feme be r.ot discovered till goi.e from the Island, then Rich Exporter Avail forfeit 51, a

"Barrel for Flcfiv, and 5l. a Hundred "Weight for FiAv, Salt, or other dead Provisions, unless necessary Provisions for the Vessel.

VIII. §4. The Ckrk of the Market Avail take care that this Act be put in Force, and inform against Offenders, on Penalty of losing his Place.

IX. N° 716. §1. When Provisions Avail exceed the Prices let down in the Lift annexed to the Act, no Person Avail buy up any Quantity with design to fell again, by means whereof the Price Avail be raised-; nor Avail any Person on the Arrival or Importation of Rich Provisions, when the Prices exceed the Lift, prefimve to purchase the feme of the Importer, in order to fell again; but if the Provisions be not consigned to any particular Person, they may be fold among the Dealers in such Provisions in equal Proportions; nor Avail any Company of lfersons agree together to buy up any Quantity of such Provisions, nor Avip off any Part thereof, after brought on Shore, when they exceed the Price limited in the LIII: And every Person offending against this Act Avail be deemed a Forestaller, Ingrosser, and Regrater, and be liable to the Penalties in the foregoing Act mentioned: And if any Clerk of the Market, or Justice of the Peace, neglect his Duty enjoined him by the foregoing Acts, he Avail forfeit 100l. to be recovered by the Informer in any Court of Record : And if no Person inform, the Treasurer Avail prosecute such Offenders at the Publick Expence.

X. §2. Any Person aggrieved b_, a Justice or Sessions, may appeal to the Governor and Council, who Avail finally determine the feme.

XI. N° 724. § x. No live Stock or Provisions shall be exported without the Governor’s Licence •, and if any Person ingross the feme with an intent to raise the Price thereof, without such Licence, the Treasurer Avail proceed against such

G g g g Offender

4^4 sibi'idgment of the *Acts of sjffembly of Barbadoes.

Offender for the Penalties incurred by the foregoing Act and where no Penalty is mentioned, the same shall be treble the Value of what shall be exported, to be levied on the Offender’s Effects, and for want thereof on his Body, to lie in Gaol till the Penalty be paid, and if his Body be not found, then on his Security in the Secretary’s Office, and if no Security, then on the Veil'd, with her Apparel and Furniture. And any Person aggrieved by the Treasurer, may appeal to the Governor and Council, who shall determine the fame; and for want of Evidence, then the Offender may be sworn, and if he refule, he shall be deemed guilty.

XII. §2. If the Treasurer neglect his Duty, he shall forfeit ioo/. And the Treasurer shall gratify Informers, not exceeding one Third of the Forfeiture recovered.

jFo#s anu jFojtifications.

N° 583. XT'OR the better Security of the Forts, IT Bays, and Batteries. See Title

©unnets anu agatroffes.

II. N° 588. Every Person possessed of ten Acres of Land shall, when required by the Corn-missioners of the Fortifications, fend an able white Man or Slave to work two Days on the Fortifications, and so for every ten Acres.

III. Every Person possessed of a House worth 10l. per Annum, or upwards, shall fend a Labourer to work two Days for every 10l. per Annum such Houses are rented for. And every Person possessed of five working Slaves (except he lend Labourers for his Plantation) shall fend two Labourers two Days for every five Slaves he is possessed of And the Commissioners shall swear any Person to the Value of their Houses, or Number of Slaves they are possessed of.

IV. And every Person fending Labourers to work on the Fortifications shall provide them with sufficient Provisions and Tools.

V. The Labourers font to work on the Fortifications shall be divided into fovcral Districts, as described in the Act.

VI. When the Governor gives Directions, the Commissioners shall summon the Labourers to work. And if any Person neglect to fend Labourers with Provisions and Tools, he shall forfeit 5 s. per Day for each Labourer in Default, and 6 d. for each Implement wanting.

VII. The Members of the Council and Assembly, and Field Officers of the Militia, are appointed Commissioners, with Power to dispose of the Labour and Money raised, for repairing the Fortifications, with the Appurtenances, as described in the Act; and they may employ a Clerk in each Division, at 201, per Annum > and may impress and employ Labourers and Artificers to work on the Fortifications, and other Places, for Defence of the Eland; and the Commissioners may appoint a Supervisor in each Division, to take care of the Work, with a Salary of 12l. per Month

for St. Michael's, Division, and 10l. per Month for each other Division; but such Salary shall be paid only during the Time such Labour is carrying on. And the Commissioners filial 1 certify the Expences they are at to the Governor and Council, who shall crder the Treasurer to pay the same out of the Excifo, without Fee.

VIII. All Land taken into Fortifications, or damaged by the Works, shall be appraisod and paid for by the Publick, upon Certificate from the Commissioners to the Governor, who is desired to grant an Order on the Treasurer for Payment.

IX. The eldeff: Counsellor in each Precin<fl shall be Chairman of this Committee; and for want of a Counfollor, the eldest Field Officer, who shall summon the Meetings of the Commissioners. And each Commissioner neglecting to attend his Duty, shall forfeit 10 s. per Day, towards defraying the other Commissioners Expences at their Meetings. And the Commissioners shall be allowed no Fee for Attendance, but shall bear their own Expences.

X. When any Certificates shall be prefonted to the Governor and Council, they are requelled to give the greatest Diipatch thereto, that their Orders may be speedily paid. And in case the Treasurer neglefits Payment when he has Money in his Hands for that Uie, he shall forfeit the Sum mentioned in the Order to the Party grieved, to be recovered before any Mugiflrate, who shall have Power to call the Treasurer before him, and examine him on Oath, what Money he has for that Service in his Hands; and if the Treasurer refule to appear, or to answer to such Question, the Magistrate shall levy the Fine on him.

XI. No Person shall dig up or cut any Herbage or Pimpeloes growing on or within zp Foot of a Trench or Bank thrown up near ir, and that no Cattle graze in or near them, on Penalty of 40 j. for each Treipals, to be recovered against the Owner of the Servant, Slave, or Cattle trespassing, by a Justice, Half to the Commissioners, for the Use of the Fortifications, and Half to the Informer.

XII. Every Supervisor shall keep an exaift Account of the Number of Labourers font to work, and by whom font, and every Week deliver such Account to the Commissioners upon Oath. And the Commissioners may call any Persons before them, and examine them, in order to discover any fraudulent Practice. And if a Supervisor tender a false Account, he shall be deemed guilty of wilful and_ corrupt Perjury.

XIII. All former Acts concerning the Fortifications are hereby repealed.

©anting*

N° 686. §1. A LL Notes or Securities given, where the whole or Part of the same shall be for Money or other valuable

Thing

Abridgment of the Acts of Ajjembiy of Barbadoes.

Thing won by gaming, or betting on the Sides of fuclx as do game, or lor repaying any Money or Value of Money, lent for gaming or betting to any Person gaming or betting, during the Time of such gaming or playing, shall be void.

II. §2. Any Person who shall at any Time or Sitting, by playing or betting, lole 5 /. and shall pay the lame, or any Part thereof, such Person may in three Months sue for and recover the lame from the Winner, with full Colds of Suit, by Action of Debt: And if the Person losing such Sum do not sue for the fame in rime appointed by this Add, any other Person may lue for and recover the fame, and treble the Value thereof, with Costs of Suit, Half to him that sues, and Half to the Poor.

III. §3. Every Person liable to be sued by virtue of this Act, shall be obliged to answer upon Oath to such B;ll as shall be preferred against him for discovering the Sums won at Play.

IV. §4. Upon the Repayment of the Money to be recovered and repaid by virtue of this Act, the Person who shall repay the same shall be discharged from all further Penalty.

V. §5. Any Person who shall afiaulr, beat, or challenge any other Person upon account of any thing won by gaming, shall forfeit 201, or fuIter three Months Imprisonment.

©aol,

N° 674, & 684. T~\Irefts a Magazine, Town-1 J hall, and Gaol to be built. See ‘title in this Abridgment.

II. N° 710. The West End of the Town-house of St. Michael's, built by virtue of the afore mentioned Acts, is by this Act enacted and declared to be the common Gaol of the Island, and the Provost-marshal is impowered to use it as such.

©inger uncureth

N° 165. §1. O Person shall ship uncured

Ginger to be transported off the Island, on Forfeiture of all inch Ginger, Half to the Governor, and Half to the Informer; to be proved by Confession, or two Witnesses, before two Justices of Peace, who shall levy the Penalty as in Cafes of Servants Wages.

II. §2. The Justices before whom the Offender is convicted, shall commit him to Pri-ion for one whole Year.

III. §3. Every Matter of a Ship taking on Board uncured Ginger, on Conviction shall forfeit 10,000 lb. of Sugar, to be levied and appropriated as the Ginger aforesaid, and the Matter to be imprisoned one Year.

IV. §4. Uncured Ginger then on Board, was to be relanded and rettored to the Owners:

V. §5. And if the Mailer neglected to re-land such uncured Ginger, he was to fuller 12 Months Imprisonment.

VI. §6. Justices of Peace neglecting their Duty, shall forfeit 10,000lb. of Sugar, for the Use of the Fortifications, to be levied by Quarter Sessions.

VII. §7. The Governor shall appoint Searchers to go on Board Ships, and seize ail uncured Ginger, and r-ive Notice to two Justices co proceed, as afon.-rad.

VIII. §8. A Clause shall be inferred in the Condition of every Matter of a Ship’s Bond, not to carry off any such prohibited Ginger.

IX. §9. If the Secretary omit entering such a Clause in the Condition of any such Bond, he shall forfeit 10,000 lb. of Sugar, to the Use of the Fortifications,

©lain.

N° 622. ALL Sorts of Grain imported shall XT be sold by Weight that is to say. Every Bushel shall contain 56 lb. except Oats, which shall contain 38lb. to the Bushel: And if any Person fell any Grain otherwise, he shall forfeit double the Value lo fold.

©uamianoi. See also Cjrecutois.

N° 617. §7. A NY Person having Children under 2 x Years of Age (and not married) at the Time of his Death, whether born at the Time of the Father’s Death, or at any Time in Ventre fa mere, or whether the Father be within the Age of 21 Years, he may, by Deed or Will, dispose of the Custody and Tuition of his Children, till they come at Age of 21 Years, or Ids Tim£, to any Person in Possession, except Popish Rcculants; and such Disposition of Custody shall be good against all other claiming as Guardian in Soccage, or other-wile, and may maintain an A Orion of Ravish-ment of Ward, or Trespass against any Person taking away or detaining such Child, and may recover such Child, and Damages for its Uie.

II. §8. Such Guardian may take into his Custody, to the Use of such Child, the Profits of all Lands, Negroes, and Hereditaments of such Child; and the Custody and Management of all the Goods, Chattels, and Personal Estate of such Child, until 21 Years of Age, or leis Time, if so ordered by its Parent, and may bring such Actions as Guardians in common Soccage may do.

III. §9. This Act not to discharge any Apprentice from his Apprenticeship.

©unnet# ano s^atroffie#.

N° 583. J~r^HE first Clause appoints the Num-I ber of Gunners and Matrofles to be kept on Pay in the several Forts and Batteries in the Eland in Times of Peace.

II. The second Clause appoints the Number to be kept in Time of War.

III. The

4?6 ylbrzdg?'ae?it of the sicts of fjjembly of Ijarbadocs.

III. The third Clause appoints their Pay out of the Duty of Excite, and directs what each Man’s Pay shall be, to be received half-yearly by the chief Gunners of the Treasurer, by Order of the Governor in Council •, and the Captain Gunner and other chief Gunners in two Days after they receive it, shall pay the under Gunners and Matroffes, and account for the same to the Committee of publick Accounts and if the chief Gunners detain the under Gunners or Matrofles Salary above two Days after they receive it, they shall forfeit double the Money to the Party grieved, and be discharged from their Places by the Governor.

IV. Every three Months the Commissioners of the Fortifications shall muller the Gunners and Matroffes •, and if it appear to them that the Gunners or Matroffes have neglected their Duty, or are not qualified, the said Commissioners shall represent the same to the Governor, who is desired to remove them from their Places, and appoint others in their Rooms: And if any of them be found negligent, they shall forfeit all the Pay then due to them.

V. Every Gunner and Matrofs shall attend his Poll, as ordered by the Governor or Colonel of the Division, and not depart without Leave in Writing from the Governor or Colonel, unless in Case of Sickness, or other lawful Excu'e, upon Pain of forfeiting his Place and Pay.

VI. The chief Gunners are to take care that the under Gunners and Matroffes, by Turns, keep a good Watch, and discharge all other Dudes •, and shall discipline and instruct them in the Art of Gunnery and Use of Arms, and inspect into their Behaviour.

VII. If any of the Officers or Men on Guard at the Magazine shall be found guilty of im-beziling or wafting the Stores or Ammunition, such Offender shall be deemed a Felon. If a Gunner or Matrofs misbehave himself towards his superior Officer, he shall be punished by Order of his Colonel according to the Rules of War, except in Capital Offences, which shall be punished according to the Laws of the Island.

VIII. Gunners and Matroffes shall not be obliged to appear in the Militia, except by special Command of the Governor or Colonel of the Division in Time of Alarms.

IX. An Officer, to be commissioned by the Governor, with 12 Men, shall attend the chief Magazine, and keep a Uriel Watch, as the Governor shall appoint; and take particular care that no Negro be admitted within the Gates of the Magazine : And such Officers and Men shall be paid out of the Duty on Liquors, the Officer 451, per Annum, and each Man 25l. per Annum, to be paid quarterly, by Order from the Governor in Council to the Officer, and the Officer shall pay the Men in two Days after he receives it, on Penalty of double the Sum to the Party grieved; and the Officers and Men shall be armed out of the Magazine.

X. The chief Gunner of each Division and Officer of the Magazine shall, as their Salaries become due, deliver to the Secretary of the Island, on Oath, a true Account of what is due to them, and those under them; and the Secretary shall certify the Account 10 the Governor, annexed to a Petition •, and the Secretary shall have 5 a. for the Petition, and 5 s. for the Order; and if he neglect his Duty, or demand higher or more Fees, he shall forfeit 20l.

XI. When the Governor shall command the Militia to do Duty in the Forts, the Gunners and Matroffes Salaries shall ceale (except on Alarms, (Ac.) and when the Militia is discharged the said Salaries shall revive.

XII. Ail the Gunners and Matroffes shall take the State Oaths, and subscribe the Teste before the Colonel of the Division.

XIII. One Master Gunner at 40l. per Annum, and fix Matroffes at 25l. per Annum, each, shall take care of the Ordnance at Pilgrim, and shall be paid in the same Manner as the other Gunners and Matrofles.

XIV. If any Colonel or other Officer shall hinder any Gunner, Matrofs, or other Person appointed to guard any Fort, Magazine, or Ordnance, who are Freeholders, from appearing on the Election of Representatives to lerve in Assembly, or Vestrymen for any Parish, to give his Vote, or milule him upon Account of voting, such Colonel or other Officer shall forfeit 100l.

XV. In case any Vessel shall attempt to depart out of Port without a Clearance, ic shall be lawful for the Gunners to discharge Guns with great Shot to flop such Vessel from departing, without being answerable for the Damage; and if sued for Damage in such Case, then this Act shall be pleaded in bar.

XVI. All other Acts concerning Gunners and Matrofles, or guarding the Magazine, are hereby repealed.

!t>ac6ourj5,05ags, and Crecfeg.

N° 692. §1. "V"! O Inhabitant of the Island shall be hindered from driving a Cart or other Carriage through any known Road to any Bay or Creek; and whoever shall hinder or refuse such Liberty, shall forfeit 50l.

II. §2. All Ways leading to Bays or Creeks shall be made common: And if any Disputes arise, the Surveyors of the Highways shall summon a Jury to lay them out for a Passage to such Bays or Creeks j and such Roads shall be amended at the Expence of the Parish.

III. §3. Every Person summoned as a Juryman to lay out a new Way, and neglecting his Duty, shall forfeit 50l.

IV. §5. All Penalties are to the Use of the Parish.

itmtofeerak

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 45-7

ioatokctg anD ipcniacss.

N° 1x4. XT'VERY Person travelling from P i House to House with Wares to fell, shall forfeit such Wares; and any Person may apprehend such Offender, and carry him before the next Justice; and the Justice shall divide the Goods, one Half to the Informer, the other Half to the Poor.

II. Not to prejudice such as fell Goods of the Growth of the Island.

Nj23.§i. r "'HE Vestry in each Parish I ilia.ll meet the third Monday in January yearly, and choose four able Surveyors; and in Default of the Vestry, the Ju-llices in Sefhon shall name the Surveyors; and every Vestryman neglecting to appear, shall forfeit 200 lb. of Sugar.

II. §2. Every Surveyor in ten Days after elected shall procure himself to be sworn before a Justice, 10 perform his Office faithfully, on Penalty of 1000lb. of Sugar.

III. §3. Surveyors in ten Days after sworn shall lurvcy the Highways, broad Paths, Bridges, Water-courles, Streets, and causeways, anti to see what Repairs or A Iterations are wanting, on Penalty of 200lb. of Sugar.

IV. §4, The Surveyors in six Days after View shall give Notice in the Church for the Vestry to meet, and assess Mens Labour or Goods, for repairing or altering such Highways; and the Vestry shall make an Assessment accordingly, not exceeding one Man two Days, or 10lb. of Sugar for ten Acres, and the fame for 100l. Value in Stock in Trade.

V. §5. If the Vestry neglect to make a Rate two Days after their first Meeting, the Surveyors shall make a Rate, which being confirmed by a Justice shall Brand; which Rate may be amended or altered in Sessions, and then it shall stand without Appeal.

VI. §6. Where Highways are 60 Foot wide in Woods, or 40 Foot wide, if a Wood on one Side, or 24 Foot wide in open Ground, or where Hedges are not kept low, the Highways kept clean, by the Inhabitants in their Plantations, or Fences, Physick, Nut, &c. are not kept lopt, so as the Wind and Sun may dry the Highways, then the Surveyors by Warrant may enjoin the Tenants of the Land to see it done.

VII. And in case the Tenant neglects ten Days after the Warrant served on him, he shall forfeit 1000 lb. of Sugar, to be applied to open and clear the Highways.

VIII. §7. Parishioners neglecting to pay their Taxes rated on them, in seven Days after Notice, shall pay double.

IX. §8. The Surveyors at convenient times shall summon the Neighbourhood to fend Servants or Slaves with Tools to work, on Penalty of 20lb. of Sugar for each Day’s Neglect.

X. §9. Surveyors may dig Stones, &c. upon any Wade Ground, or for want thereof, then upon private Ground not planted, for such Satisfaction as shall be agreed on, or shall be appointed by a Justice.

XI. §10. Surveyors may imprels Wains or Carts for carrying Stones, £sV. with two able Men to each Carriage; and the Owners are to be allowed 12 Mens Labour out of their Assessment for each such Carriage, and if his Tax do not amount to it, the Surveyors shall pay the rest in Sugar out of the Parish Tax.

XII. §11. None to make Fences by Highway Sides of Prickles called Broad Prickle, Pear Biiflies, or P,mpelocs, unless a Wall be made between them and’ the Highways; on Penalty of 300 lb. of Sugar for every three Months they stand.

XIII. §12. Surveyors shall cause Ditches to be cleaned, and Waters to be stopped, drained, or turned, as shall be most convenient for the Highways.

XIV; §13. Where Highways can be better altered than mended, or where new Highways are necessary, the Surveyors, with two Justices, may impanel a Jury to lay out new Highways; and a Juror neglecting shall forfeit 300lb. of Sugar; and a Constable the fame, if he neglect.

XV. §14. All Sugars anfing by Assessments or Forfeitures enjoined by this Act, shall be applied to pay Workmens Wages for Work appointed by the Surveyors by virtue of this Act, to be levied by a Justice’s Warrant, and for want of Distress, the Party shall be committed till he pay double what is in Arrear, or charged on him by Fine.

XVI. §15. If any Person be feed for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, he may plead the General Ifiiue, and give the Act in Evidence; and if the Cause go for him, he shall have his Costs, and 1000 lb. of Sugar.

XVII. §16. Every Surveyor in a Month after his Year is expired, shall render a true Account of all he has received and paid, and if any Overplus remain in his Hands, he shall pay it to the next Surveyors. And on Refusal or Neg-left, to be committed by one Justice till he comply; and if his Account is found good, then the Justice shall allow the fame, and discharge the Surveyor.

XVIII. §17. Gates in Roads shall be ten Foot between the Posts, and made at the Charge of the Owner of the Land, with a Causway of Gravel 20 Foot on each Side such Gate, and keep it in Repair, on Penalty of 2000lb. of Sugar for every two Months he shall neglect to set one up, and of loooolb. of Sugar for every 20 Days Neglect to repair the fame when wanted. And Persons putting up Rails in the Pat

H h h h sage

4^8 Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

sage of Highways, shall forfeit 200 lb. of Sugar.

XIX. §18. In narrow Highways, if fenced on both Sides, and wide enough for two Carts to pais, and the Owners of the Land on each Side make a good causeway between the Fences, and give 100l. Sterling Security to keep the fame in Repair, then the Surveyors shall let the Fences stand.

XX. §19. Upon all extraordinary Charges of repairing Highways near the Sea, .Contribution shall be made by such Inland Parishes as have Benefit of them, as the Justices in General Sessions shall think fit.

XXI. §20. Justices of Peace neglecting their Duty in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit 10,000#. of Sugar, and stand committed till they pay it.

XXII. §21. All former Acts relating to the Highways are hereby repealed.

XXIII. N° 131. Justices in Sessions, or Ve-ftries of Parishes, may appoint any chief Overseer, Attorney, or Agent on a Plantation of 60 Acres of Land, whose Owner is not resident on the Island, to lerve Surveyor of the Highways, who shall be obliged to lerve, on Penalty of 2000$. of Sugar, or imprisonment.

XXIV. N° 629. §2. All Ways and Pafliiges leading to Bays and Creeks shall be made common : And if any Disputes arile, the Surveyors of the Highways for the Parish shall summon a Jury to lay out Highways for a Passage to such Bays or Creeks: And such Roads shall be amended at the Expence of the Parish.

XXV. §3. If any Person summoned as a Juryman to lay out a new Way neglect the Duty, he shall forfeit 50l.

N° 8. §1. A NY Person may kill Hogs that Jl jl come into his Provision Ground or Canes, Cotton, Ginger, or Tobacco, and to appraise and dispose of the feme, deduding the Damage, and paying the Owner the Overplus; the Appraisement by two Freeholders, and l'worn to in Court, shall be good Evidence.

II. §2. If the Owner be not known, the Hog's marked Ears shall be nailed up 14 Days in a publick Place, that he may be found.

ana 3ffej5.

N° 586. T ▼ ORSES or Asses shipped off JlX or exported from this Island shall pay a Duty of 20l. each within 24 Hours after such Shipping, on Penalty of double the Sum, to be levied on the Exporter; and if that is not to be found, then to be levied upon the Security for the Vessel wherein such Horses or Afies were exported; to be applied towards paying the publick Debts of the Island,

3impoa,

N° 265. O Re amble to this Act complains, that many Grants and Deeds of Land being loji by Persons who have been long in quiet PoJJ'effton, and many Defeats appearing in these Deeds that are extant, has rendered such Pofje£ors Rights doubtful-, to remedy which it's enacted, That all rightful Pofiessors of Lands and Hereditaments might have new Grants of their Possessions under the Seal of the Island.

II. The Duty of 40lb. of Cotton per Head, and all other Duties, Rents, and Arrears thereof, are released and made void and the Inhabitants shall hold their Estates to them and their Heirs for ever, in free and common Soc-cage, for paying to His Majesty at Michaelmas yearly one Ear of Indian Corn, if demanded; in Confederation of which, and of several other Favours in the Act mentioned, they grant an Impost upon all the dead Commodities of the Produce of the Island that shall be shipped off the fame of Four and a Half per Cent, payable to the King and His Successors for ever.

III. All such Goods endeavoured to be run off the Island without Payment of the Duty shall be forfeited; and the Manner of collecting-the fame is left to the Governor, to be done in the most easy Manner for the People.

IV. This Act shall not bar His Majesty's Right to any Land granted, or Encroachments made on the Sea since 1650, or to the Lands called The Ten thousand Acres, granted by the Earl of Carlisle to Marmaduke Rawden, and others, the Growth and Produce of which shall be excuied from this Duty.

V. A former Alt of this Nature is hereby repealed.

VI. N° 195. This All, though printed jirjl by Mistake, yet was passed 12 Years after the foregoing; and is a Grant of Favour to the Planters, allowing all People who have any Goods cast away, or taken at Sea by Enemies or Pirates, after the Duty of Four and a Half per Cent, is paid for the same, to ship the like Quantity off the Island Duty free.

VII. By the Act, N°434, an Impost of Powder is laid on the Tonnage of all Shipping; which fee under Title Jjj)OtoQCC jfcDutj*.

VIII. By the Acts, N° 516, & 593, an Import of 5 s. per Head is laid on all Negroes or other Slaves imported; which fee under the Title of, Dutg on l&egtoe#, >» this Abridgment.

IX. N° 598. The following Goods, if not of the natural Product and Manu-fadlure of ibme of thz British Colonies, shall pay, on Importation into Barbadoes, viz.

Note, ’Tis manifest by the Title of this Act thatail such Goods as are herein enumerated, being of the Produdfe of the British Plantations, are not intended to be charged with this Duty; and yet the Wonts in the Ad are general, and make no Exception, which feeiss a Contradiction to the Title.

The following Acts, N* 6ao and 66%, seem to explain the real Intention of this Act more dearly.

Every

Abridgment of the Acts of A/Jembly of Barbadoes.

4?9

I. S. d.

Every uzlb. of Mufcervado Sugar, 0 12 6

112 lb. of improved Sugar, I 5 0

112 lb. of fealded Ginger, 0 10 0

111 lb. of scraped Ginger, I O 0

Every Gallon of Molasses, 0 I 6

Gallon of Rum, 0 2 0

Every Pound of Cotton, 0 O 6

of Alloes, 0 i 6

X. Every Matter of a Vessel having such Goods on Board, and coming to Barbadoes, shall make Oath before the Treasurer, to a Manifest of his Loading in 24 Hours, on Pain of Imprisonment.

XI. The aforesaid Duties shall be paid to the Treasurer in ten Days after Oath made, on Penalty of paying double Duty.

XII. The Treasurer may summon Witnesses, and examine them on Oath touching the Importation and Product of such Goods, on Pain of Imprisonment of every Person refusing to appear, or to answer proper Questions relating thereto.

XIII. In Cafes of Run Goods, the Vessel and Goods shall be forfeited; and the Treasurer or his Deputies may enter any Vessel, House, Store-house, £j?c. and search for and seize such Goods not entered.

XIV. All Monies arising by virtue of this Act shall be applied to the defraying the publick Charges of the Government.

XV. N°6io. This is a Supplement to the afore mentioned Act, N° 598, and impowers the Treasurer to appoint Persons to enter any Ship or Vessel to search and examine what Sugar, Molasses, Rum, Cotton, Ginger, or Alloes, they have on Board, and from whence brought, and if they shall find such Goods not entered as before directed, to seize the Boats or other Vet fels, which shall be condemned, with the Negroes, and other Commodities on Board : Every white Person refitting such Officer shall forfeit 500l. and every Slave concerned therein shall be forfeited to the Publick.

XVI. Every Gunner and Matrofs, on Penalty of 100l. shall fire great Shot at any Vessel coming to an Anchor, or lying off in any private Bay or Creek two Hours without producing a Certificate from the Treasurer, that the Goods on Board have been duly entered; and if such Vessel endeavour to escape, the Gunner shall endeavour to fink it, and shall be indemnified from all Damage upon any Suit brought against him for the same.

XVII. All suspicious Goods may be seized and detained till the Claimant prove his Property, and that such Goods are of the Produdfc of the British Colonies, or that the Duty is paid, which if not done in 24 Hours, the Goods and Vessel shall be forfeited.

XVIII. All Certificates from the Treasurer produced to a Gunner shall be left with the Gun-

ner, and by him returned in one Week to the Treasurer, on Penalty of 50l. and Loss of his Pay : And the Treasurer and Comptroller shall keep Account of all such Certificates issued and returned, and compare the same.

XIX. N° 662. This Act, instead of the 24 Hours allowed by the foregoing Act to prove the Property of Goods seized and claimed, allows three whole Days to make Proof of their being the natural Product, Growth, or Manufacture of the British Colonies, or that the Duties imposed by the foregoing Acts have been paid.

Snteffateg.

N° 617. §1. yN case of Persons dying inte-JL ttate, or Executors refusing to act, the Ordinary shall grant Administration to the Widow, or next of Kin, or both, taking Security for true administring, where divers claim Right of Administration, as equal in Degree of Kindred, the Ordinary shall choose one or more to administer at his Discretion.

By the A£V, N° 749, no Administrator shall be obliged to account of the Estate of nis Intestate otherwise than by Inventory, except at the Prosecution of a Creditor, or next of Kin*

II. §2. The Ordinary, on granting Administration, shall take sufficient Security by Bond, as prescribed in the Act. And the Court of Chancery may call Administrators to account, and order equal Dibribu-tion (after Debts and Expences deducted) amongst the Wife and Children (if

any) or otherwise to the next of Kin of equal Degree, or their Representatives, and compel the Administrators to pay the same according to the Ecclesiastical Laws, saving a Right of Appeal to any Person aggrieved.

III. §3. Rules prescribed to the Court in what Manner Intestates Estates shall be divided and distributed. See the J£l.

And by the A<3, N° 749, if after the Death of a Father, leaving a Widow, any one Child die, every other Child shall have an equal Share with the Mother of such Child's Effects.

IV. §4 To prevent Damage to Creditors, no Distribution of the Goods shall be made till one Year after the Death of such Intestate; and every one to whom any Part of the Goods shall be allotted shall give Bond, that if Debts afterwards appear, and be recovered, to refund a ratable Part, towards defraying such Debt and Charges.

V. §5. In all Cafes where it hath been accustomed to grant Administration with the Will annexed, it shall continue lb, and such Will shall be performed as if this Act had not been made.

VI. §6. This Act shall not extend to Feme-coverts, who die Intestate; but their Husbands shall have Administration, and enjoy their Estates, as if this Act had not been made.

VII. §9. This Act shall not discharge any Apprentice from his Apprenticeship.

Sintered,

460 slbndgment of the sifts of ulfjetnbly of Barbadoes.

3|ntcrett.

N° 116. "I ~1 PON the Protest of any Bill of Exchange produced or sued for. Ten per Centum, and no more, shall be allowed for Damage and Interest.

II. N°68l. §1. No Person upon Contrail shall take for Loan of Money or Goods above Eight per Centum per Annum and all Contrails, Bonds, and Assurances made for above that Rate, shall be void: And every Person who shall accept or receive any Loan or Interest above that Rate, directly or indirectly, shall forfeit treble the Value of the Money or Goods lent, exchanged, or shifted. Half to the Publick, and Half to the Informer.

III. §2. And Eight per Centum Interest, and no more, shall be taken upon all protested Bills of Exchange for Damage and Interest.

IV. §3. This Clause repeals the Acts, N° 91, and 1x6.

3iuD0C0.

N° 79. T 11HIS Ail was only to declare all X. Proceedings done by former Judges who had been appointed only by tire Governor’s private Seal at Arms, to be good and valid, as if the publick Seal had been affixed to their re-lpeilive Commissions.

II. N° 303. Upon the Death or Removal of a Judge, an Attorney may confess a Judgement to his Successor, the same as if the Judge in whole Name it was taken had been still alive, and in his Place.

III. N° 428. No Judge in the Hand shall plead or prailife in any Court within the same.

Limitation.

N° 690. §1. A LL Mortgages, Judgements, Executions, Decrees, Legacies, Bonds, and other Specialties, shall be fixed within 20 Years after they become due, or else shall be void, and bar all further Demands on the same.

II. §2. Provided, that Persons under Disability may sue in two Years after their Difabi-licy is removed.

III. §3. Purchasers of Estates having a Right or Interest in any Decree affecting the fame, may keep it on foot longer than 20 Years, in order to protect their Titles to their Purchases, and be it all times at Liberty to make use of the fame in all equitably Purposes, for Defence of their Titles.

IV. A Saving to the Right of the Crown in all Claims whatever.

Liquors.

N® 170. I a THE Governor and Council shall I once a Year let a Rate on all

strong Liquors to be sold in Taverns and Drinking Houses and all Persons felling contrary thereto, shall forfeit 3000 lb. of Sugar, Half to the Publick, and Half to the Informer.

II. N° 380. Whoever shall fell any Rum or strong Liquors to a Slave, shall forfeit 20s.

III. And whoever buys any lixch Liquors of a Slave, shall forfeit 20s. or receive ten Lashes-, and the Whipper shall have i$d. of the Churchwarden.

IV. N°642. § x. Any Person importing any Sort of Liquors in Glals Bottles, called Quart Bottles, liable to pay the Duty of Excise, and shall not hold a Wine Quart, or Pint Bottles in Proportion, shall pay, over and above the Duty of Excise, 5 s. per Dozen Bottles.

V. §2. Any Treasury Officer may search Casks or Plumpers of Bottles, and if found ft.ort Measure, ieize and keep them until the additional Duty be paid, which if not paid in six Days, the Liquors to be forfeited.

LIQJJORS, DUTY ON THEM.

See (ZtrClfC.

Lain ^>uitsi, anu Latopetsh

N° 142. §1. "I O Person shall employ more than two Attornies in one Cause, on Penalty of 2000lb. of Sugar; and the Court shall tax but 100 lb. of Sugar Coll in a plain Cause, and 200 lb. in a special Cause, for Lawyers Fees.

II. §2. No Attorney shall refuse to plead a Cause on Tender of such Fee, nor shall he take more Fees than prescribed, on Penalty of being debarred pleading any more in the Island.

III. §3. The Form of an Attorney’s Oath to be administred by a Judge. See the A St.

IV. N° 589. The Preamble sets forth, That it had always been the Custom in that Island for Lawyers licensed by the Governor to plead and prablife as Barristers; but that of late some Persons had objebled thereto: It’s therefore enabled, That all Persons licensed by the Governor to plead and prablife as Barristers, shall have the fame Privileges as those regularly called to the Bar in England, to plead and prabtiie in any Court in the Island of Barbadoes.

V. N° 690. All Mortgages, Judgements, Executions, Legacies, Bonds, and other Specialties not sued in 20 Years, shall be void. See it more at large under Title Limitations.

facets of ^bipsf.

N° 533. TT'VERY Master of a trading Vefi fel shall, before he depart the Island, take the Oath mentioned in the Act before the Secretary of the Island.

II. The Governor shall fend the Secretary of of the Island on Board every Man of War arriving there, to desire the Commander of such

Man

abridgment of the sidis of sffembly of Barbadoes. 461

Man of War not to carry or suffer to be carried off the Island any Negro or other Slave, or any white Person, without a Ticket according to Law.

III. The Secretary shall keep a Book, and enter all such Oaths taken and foblcribed by Mailers of Ships, for which he shall have x 5 d. per Oath paid by the Publick, and shall demand no other Fee, on Penalty of 5l. to the Party complaining.

IV. N° 583- In case any Ship or Vessel attempt to depart without a due Clearance, the Gunners of the Fort may discharge great Shot to (lop her, without being liable to make good any Damage done thereby.

V. N°6n. Mailers of Ships importing Foreigners. See Title 211C110.

VI. N° 680. §5. If any Mailer of a Vessel carry off the Island any Person indebted, or any contracted Servant, the Vessel and Cargo, or that Part thereof belonging to the Mailer, shall be forfeited, to the Use of the Person aggrieved. See more of this Act under Title lJ3C0tQ60»

agHaga^ine.

N° 684. §1. f ’’HIS Act was made to allow H a longer Time to Thomas Field, for building a Magazine, Town-hall, and Gaol, than had been limited by the Act N° 674, and to confirm the Agreement made with the said Thomas Field, by certain Commissioners in the said former Act named; and appointing how the Remainder of 6000l. agreed to be paid the said Thomas Field, for erecting and finishing the said Buildings, should be paid to him.

II. §2. Commissioners were appointed to fu-pervife and take care that the Work should be well performed.

III. §3. Commissioners were to certify to the Treasurer when any Money became due to the said Thomas Field according to his Agreement, and the Treasurer was to pay the lame out of Money appointed to be raised for that Purpose.

IV. §4. Nine Commissioners were to be a Quorum, and to bear their own Expences.

[Publick Act.]

V. §5. This is declared a

VI. §6. This Act not to impair His Majesty's Prerogative.

8@an:iage$.

N° 700. §1. VERY Parson, Curate, or other Person, who shall marry any Person without Publication of the Banns, or without Licence, shall forfeit 100l. and suffer six Months Imprisonment.

II. §2. Every Parish Clerk or Sexton who shall aid or affill at such Marriage, shall forfeit 25l.

III. §3. No Mailer shall suffer any clandestine Marriage to be celebrated in his House, or

any Place belonging thereto, on Forfeiture of 25l.

IV. §4. Nothing herein shall take away the Power of the Ordinary by virtue of the Royal Inllrudlions, but that shall remain as before. And Offenders against this Act may allb be proceeded against by the Ordinary, as if this Act had not been made.

agarfeet IDagsh

N° 97. r 1HIS Act repeals an old Law, except lb far as related to the felling of Goods attached by the Marshal upon Execution for Debt, which is to be observed and kept as by the Act for establishing the Courts of Common Pleas is appointed.

0©ilitia.

N°435. § i- XT'VERY Freeman who hath 'j not contracted to serve in a Plantation, and appear for his Mailer in the Militia, and not forving on Horfoback, shall be a Soldier in the Foot Regiment where he re-fides, and provide himself with proper Accoutrements, as is prescribed in the Act.

II. §2. Every Person in Possession of 20 Acres of Land shall provide a Man for the Defence of the Island, and lb in Proportion for a greater Quantity of Land, and shall provide him with Accoutrements, dsfe. as is before prescribed for a Freeman, except such Persons who have no more than 20 Acres of Land, and serve in their own Persons.

III. §3. Every two Tenants appearing in Arms for their Landlord shall be equal to three Freemen, or Servants on Horse or Foot; provided every Tenant rent two Acres, have a three Years Lease, and live upon it.

IV. §4. Every Person possessed of 100 Acres of Land, shall for each 100 Acres furnish a Man and Horse compleatly armed •, and for i6oAcres, two, such Men and Horses, and one such Man and Horse for every other 100 Acres, with Accoutrements, £s?r\ as directed by the Act; and to appear with Fuzils on Alarms* for each Horse the Owner shall be excused two Foot Soldiers.

V. §5. Every Freeman, though he have not xoo Acres, yet if he have a Horse fit for Service, he shall be provided with Necessaries, as aforesaid, and shall attend on Summons, and be excused two Foot Soldiers.

VI. §6. All Persons appointed to serve on

Foot shall appear, on Summons, with Powder and Ball 1 and every Person neglecting, shall forfeit, s. d.

For every Day’s Non-appearance, —— 5 o

The fame for every Night, if it be for Night only, and no more, for full 24 Hours.

s. d.

If he want a Musket or Fuzil,-----2 6

- a Sword or Bayonet,-----2 o

1 i i i a Car-

4_6z jibridgment of the yicts of fjjembly of Barbadoes.

s. d.

- a Cartridge Box, or Bandeliers, 2 o

- a red Coat,-----2 6

- a black Hat, - 2 o

- Shoes and Stockings,-----2 o

- four Charges of Powder and Ball, 1 o

- 1 lb. of Gunpowder in Cartridges, 1 o

- 1 lb. of Bullets, - o 6

Which Fines, when levied, each particular Default shall be mentioned. And Colonels shall appoint Persons to inspect: Stores, and report the State of them, and return Offenders Names: And the Colonels shall report the lame to the Governor and Council every two Months, on Penalty of 50 s. to be levied by the Governor’s Warrant.

VII. §7. Every Person neglectingl s. d. to appear with a Horse properly ac- J- 10 o

coutred, shall forfeit each Day, - j

, And for every Night, if for Night only, 10 o For the whole 24 Hours no more than 10 o For want of good Pistols and Holfters, 5 o

- Flask, or Cartridge Box, 2 o

- a Sword,-----2 o

- Carbine, Belt, and Swivel, 5 o

- Boots and Spurts,-----5 o

- Every Pound of Pow- 7 5

der in Store, - J 3

- Every 7.1b. of Bullets, — 1 o

Lifts of Defaulters shall be signed by an Officer of the Troop or Company, and sent to the Colonel, who may iflfue his Warrant to the Marshal. And in case of Resistance, the Colonel may raise Forces to assist the Marshal. And if any Person refuse to shew Goods, the Marshal may take what Goods he can find on the Plantation. Provided Marshals make not unreason-able Diflrcfies, but come as near as may be to the Value, and leave a Certificate of what he distrains, and for what Value : And all Distresses and Appraisements shall be in ten Weeks after the Default: And Overplus on Sales to be returned to the Owner in ten Days, on Penalty of double Value.

VIII. §8. Colonels to sign Executions, and to issue Warrants against Defaulters, for Appraisement of Goods distrained, by three Freeholders, or two of them on Oath. And if the Marshal cannot find Effects, he may, with a Colonel’s Warrant, arrest the Defaulter, and the Colonel may commit him to Custody till he comply. Provided, that if a Troop or Company be summoned, and no Commission Officer appear, they shall be fined for such Neglect:

/. s. d.

A Captain of Horse, - too

Lieutenant, - o 15 o

Cornet, - o 10 o

Quarter Matter, - 076

A Captain of Foot,-----100

Lieutenant, ° 15 o

Ensign,...- o 10 o

IX. §9. No Person shall be fined for want of his Complement of Men, if he make Oath that he can obtain no more upon the Conditions pre-lcribed by Law. A Proviso about Servants, buc expired with the then War.

X. §10. If a Soldier enlisted to serve for any other Person make Default, he shall pay the Fine, or suffer corporeal Punishment.

XL §11. If any Person summoned as an Ap-praifer shall not appear, or shall refuse to act, he shall forfeit 301. to the Use of the Marshal.

XII. §12. The Colonel and Marshal of the Guard shall have the fame Power as the Colonel and Marshal of a Regiment, in Regard to levying Fines.

XIII. §13. Members of the Council and Field Officers shall be abated two Men and Plorl'es each out of their Complement: Members of Assembly, Judges, or those that have been Counsellors, Judges, or Field Officers, one Horse each.

XIV. §14. Members of Council are exempted From all Military Duty, except attending the General on Alarms.

XV. §15. AfTcniblymen, Judges, and such as have been Judges, all that have been of the Council, or Field Officers, and Justices of Peace, are exempted from Military Service, except on Alarms, when they shall appear in Arms as other Troopers, and on like Penalties. Provided Justices shall not be liable to Patrols, or common Duty of Troopers, except on Alarms or Invasions.

XVI. §16. No other Person, except as above said, shall be exempted from serving in the Horle or Foot.

XVII. §17. Apprentices able to bear Arms shall be enlisted in the Foot, and be liable to the same Penalties as landed Men are, if the Matter be in Default. Provided fitch Apprentices shall be billetted on such as are deficient in their Proportion of white Servants; and the Person for whom they serve shall furnish them with Necessaries for Duty.

XVIII. §18. Every Person enlisted, and neglecting to appear on Summons, or, appearing, neglect his Duty, or depart without Leave, shall forfeit 20s. or lie Neck and Heels, run the Gantlop, or ride the Wooden Horse with a Musket at each Heel, by Order of a Field Officer.

XIX. §19. Every Person enlisted, and after remove to fbme other Part of the Island, shall enlist again into the Troop or Company where he goes to reside, and carry a Certificate to his last Captain, who thereon shall discharge him : And in case any Person neglect his Duty herein to his first Troop, he shall forfeit as in case of Non-appearance.

XX. §20. Every poor Freeman shall enlist: and serve six Months, with compleat Arms. And if he hath not Arms, he shall be provided therewith by the Person with whom he works;

Abridgment of the ylcfs o f slfjembly o f Barba does. 463

but shall return them fate to the Owner, or make Satisfaction for them, or, if not able, he shall serve the Owner till Satisfaction be made, at the Discretion of the Colonel, or on Refusal, to be committed until he conform.

XXI. §21. Refractory Persons, who are Defaulters to appear and do Duty, for the first Offence shall forfeit ior. for each Horse or Man; second Offence, 10s. and third Offence, 3or. in the Troops; and 55. for first Offence, ior. for second Offence, and 15J. for the third Offence, in the Foot.

XXII. % '2.1. Persons only who have Penalties levied on them, and still obstinately refuse to appear, or fend Horse or Man as before directed, Hi all be deemed Refractory, and shall forfeit as aforesaid, for the hr ft, second, or third Neglect, and so begin again for the next first, second, or third Neglect, and so on till he does comply, to be levied by the Colonel’s Warrant to the Marshal.

XXIII. §23. Every Soldier raising or abetting any Mutiny, shall forfeit 20l. or run the Gantlop, be tied Neck and Heels, or ride the Wooden Horse, at the Colonel’s Discretion.

XXIV. §24. The Governor from time to time shall signify how many Ships appearing shall be an Alarm to the Forts, and how many shall alarm the whole Island, and how such Alarms shall be set forward by Night or Day, and to cause Publication thereof to be made in each Pari fit. Afcer which, every Person neglecting to forward an Alarm, shall fuller six Months Imprisonment. And on Alarms, every Person, according to his Duty, shall repair to his Poll. Any Person on Sight of seven Ships may alarm the Towns, and of 12 the Country.

XXV. §25. Every Man 15 Years old shall appear in Arms at his Post appointed; and wilfully failing, shall forfeit, a Foot Soldier, 5l. a Day, a Horseman, 10l. fortheUfeof the Fortifications. And the Colonels of each Regiment shall give a Lilt of Executions, signed, against Defaulters to the Treasurer. And such Defaulters shall be brought by a Guard to their Post, and used for Pioneers, or otherwise, at the Colonel’s Discretion.

XXVI. §26. Every Commission Officer shall be excused one Horse and Man in his Proportion in the Troop he belongs to, during the Time he is in Commission.

XXVII. §27. Every Person fending his Servant on the Militia, shall fend him every Night, if they are on Guard all Night, necessary Provisions, or the chief Officer shall supply the fame at is. 6d. for each 24 Hours, and it shall be levied on the Matter.

XXVIII. §28. Upon the Approach of an Enemy, the chief Officer present may press Horses, (Ac. for the Artillery, and Carts and Boats for other Service, and Negroes, and Visuals for Soldiers all which shall be paid for by the Publick.

XXIX. §29. Every Servant that shall behave himself manfully against an Enemy, upon a Certificate from his Officer, shall be declared free; and if a Slave, he shall have a Livery Coat and Hat yearly from the Publick, and white Servants Provisions from his Owner.

XXX. §30. If a Servant or Slave be killed or maimed in Defence of the Island, the Owner shall be paid for him by the Publick. And if a poor Freeman or Servant be disabled, he shall be allowed 10l. Sterling per Annum by the Publick; and if liich Freeman be married, he shall have 15l. per Annum; and if a married Freeman be killed, his Widow shall-have 10l. per Annum.

XXXI. §31. Every Trooper shall have a Slave attendant with a Bill and Lance, a Hat and red Jacket. And every Person having 40 Acres of Land shall fend a Slave upon every Alarm, to be employed at the Discretion of the Governor, on Penalty of 50s.

XXXII. §32. Every Person spreading false Alarms without good Grounds, shall be lined, not exceeding 500l. to the Publick, at the Discretion of the Governor and Council.

XXXIII. §33. Persons thinking themselves wronged by any Sentence, may appeal to the chief Officer, who may swear Witnesses, and redress Grievances.

XXXIV. §34. Superanuated, or other Persons not fit to bear Arms, if worth 1001. shall find a Soldier, and if they keep a Horse, then shall fend a Trooper.

XXXV. AH Overseers of Plantations of above fix Negroes, are excused from being enlisted.

XXXVI. §35. All Persons may fend Supernumerary Men, Slaves, or Cattle, who, together with all Servants freed by virtue of this Act, shall be paid for by the Publick.

XXXVII. §36. 30l. shall be deemed the Value of a Slave killed, and paid to the Matter by the Publick.

XXXVIII. §37. No Person shall be a Field or General Officer, unless he have 100 Acres of free Land. And no Person shall be a Captain, unless he have 40 Acres Freehold. And all Field and Commission Officers shall maintain their own Expences.

XXXIX. Provided, Gentlemens Sons serving in Commission at the Parents Charge, shall ex-cufe such Parent the Charge of a Trooper. And this Act shall not disable Men of Estates in the Towns from having Commissions.

XL. §38. The Troops and Companies shall meet one Day in four Weeks in Time of War, and one Day in eight Weeks in Time of Peace, to be disciplined, and no oftner, unless in Time of Danger, or by the Governor and Council’s Order, for better Exercise.

XLI. Governor and Council may order Troops or Companies to guard Bays upon the Appearance of fefpicious Ships, or in case of Insurrections.

4<>4 Abridgment of the Acts of assembly of Barbadoes.

XLII. Provided they be not kept out above 48 Hours, unless by Advice of the major Part of the Council.

XLIII. Provided also, that the Governor may have a Company to attend him to Church, and a Guard in the Time of Grand Sessions, or Reception of a new Governor.

XLIV. Horse Patrols to do Duty on Saturdays and Sundays, Day and Night, for Safety of the Inhabitants.

XLV. No other Summons to appear in Arms, but according to the Directions of this Act, to be issued.

XLVI. §39. Planters to lerve in the Militia of that Division in which their Mansion Houses 11:3 nd, and none others-

XLVII. §40. Landed Men not having a sufficient Number of Men to mount for them in Proportion to their Estates, shall have others billetted on them, who they shall supply with ail Provisions, Accoutrements, and Seven Pence Halfpeny per Day, on Penalty of 5 s. for each Default, to be Half to the Marshal, and Half for the Encouragement of the Poor, who are not able to lerve at their own Expence.

XLVIII. §41. The Claul'es of this Act for the Encouragement of Freemen, Servants, and Slaves, shall be published in each Parish Church the first Sundays in June and December.

XLIX. §42. If a Marshal in distraining for Fines, do Injury beyond the Power g;ven him by this Act, or Hr all not leave a Certificate of the Goods distrained, the Person grieved may apply to the Colonel for Redress, who may levy Damage on the Marshal, or commit him to Gaol for a Month, and fine him 5l. And if the Person grieved is not redrefied by the Colonel, he may sue at Common Law, and if his Action be just, he shall recover treble Damages, and double Costs on such Marshal.

L. Provided the Action be commenced in six Months after the Injury done, and if he do not make good his Action, he shall pay the Defendant double Costs.

LI. §43. Each Regiment shall have two Field Pieces, and be placed where the Colonel shall appoint.

LII. §44- Articles of War to be made by the Governor and General Council of War, and shall not be put in Force, nor continue in Force longer than an Enemy is in Sight. And that such Articles be hung up in every Guard.

LIII. §45. Every Person firing, or suffering a Gun to be fired after Eight o’CIock at Night, unless in his own Defence, or on Alarm, shall forfeit is. 6d. And if the Offender be infol-vent, the next Justice shall bind him over to the Sessions, and if a Slave, order him corporeal Punishment.

LIV. §46. Every Person refuting the Command of a Patrol, shall forfeit 20 s,. And the Commander of the Patrol shall return Defaulters for Non-appearance to the Commission Officers,

and from them to the Colonel, who shall levy the Fines, as by this Act is appointed.

LV. §47. Every Person aggrieved by any falle Return, shall have his Action at Common Law, to be tried at the first Court; and if the Officer be found guilty, he shall pay 5l. Damages and 31. Costs; and if the Plaintiff does not make good his Action, he shall pay treble Costs.

LVI. §48. The Party whose Goods are attached by the Colonel’s Warrant may in ten Days apply to the Colonel, who shall order the Goods to remain in the Delinquent’s own Possession, he giving Bond in double Value to the Marshal, to bring his Action in a Month, and if his Action be not found for the Plaintiff, then to return the Goods, or pay the Value apprais-ed at.

LVII. §49. All former Militia Acts are repealed.

sgjinifters, oi Clctgg.

N° 16. §3. i,' VERY Minister shall begin F . Prayers on Sunday Morning at Nine o’CIock, and preach once that Day.

II. §4. Every Minister shall preach or cate-chife Youth each Sunday in the Afternoon.

III. N° 20. §1. A Temporary Clause, for recovering old Arrears of Ministers Stipends due at making the Act.

IV. §2. Another Clause for levying of 1 lb. of Sugar per Acre, for the Use of each Minister for that Year, and to be continued for every Year from that Time.

V. §3. The Vestry and Churchwardens in each Parish may levy a Tax, and allow their Minister such additional Support as they judge conscionable.

VI. §4. Every Minister shall keep a Regi-fter of all Christnings, Marriages, and Burials, and shall certify the fame into the Secretary’s Office in the Month of March yearly, on Penalty of 1000 lb. of Sugar.

VII. §5. Persons living two Miles or more from Church, and burying a Corpse in any other Place than the Church-yard, shall give the Minister the Name and Surname of the Deceased in a Week after Burial, and pay him 6d. on Penalty of 500 lb. of Sugar.

VIII. N° 21. §25. Ministers shall publish the ACtN°2l. relating to Servants, twice a Year, at Midsummer and Christmas, in their Parish Churches, on Penalty of 500 lb. of Sugar, to the Use of the Publick.

IX. N° 506. Every legal Incumbent of a Parish shall, besides his House and Glebe, receive x 501, per Annum, to be raised by a Levy on the Parish, as other Levies laid by Vestries are raised.

X. If Churchwardens or Vestry neglect their Duty, the Governor, on Proof before him in Council, may issue his Warrant of Distress against the Offenders, for all the Arrears due to the Incumbent.

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 46y

XI. Any Vestry may give a larger Salary tc their Minister, for his Encouragement.

XII. Every Orthodox Mimller, though he be not a Freeholder in the Parish, shall nevertheless be one of the Vestry of his Parish, which Vestry shall con lift of 17 Persons, the Minister always to be one. And if a Parish want a Minister, then 16 shall be the Number of Vestry-men. No Vestry shall be held without the Incumbent, unless he be sick, or neglect to come after duly summoned.

XIII. The Incumbent of every Parish shall have the following Fees:

/. S, d.

For a Funeral in the Church, 1 O 0

in the Chance], 2 IO 0

a Funeral Sermon, 2 O 0

For a Marriage in the Church, 0 5 0

in other Places, — I 0 0

jScgcoes.

Nn 94. 1 "\Eclares Negroes to be Real Estate;

g J but N'- 17S, declares them Chattels for Payment of Debts only.

II. N0 173. No Person shall transport Servants or Slaves without a Ticket from the Governor, and Proof that such Servants or Slaves are his own proper H,state.

III. N° 329. All Persons may take up Negroes found out of their Owners Plantations on Saturday Nights, Sundays, or Holidays, not being on lawful Business, and without a Letter or Ticket, or a white Peri'on with them, or wearing a Livery, and correct them by whipping, and, on giving Notice to their Matters, detain them till such Matter pay the Taker-up 2 j. 6d. And if the Slave be found out of his Plantation armed, though he have a Letter or Ticket, he shall be whipped, and the Taker-up have the fame Reward. And if Matters permit Slaves to beat Drums, or make use of loud Instruments, or not cause their Negro Houses to be searched, and such Instruments to be burnt, or shall countenance Feasting of strange Negroes •, such Mailers shall forfeit 50 s. Sterling, if informed against in a Month.

IV. Every Matter shall search his Negro Houses every 14 Days, for Runaways, and Weapons, or stolen Goods, and seize what found, burning the Weapons, and set up a Bill at the Church Door of suspicious Goods found, and the Owners claiming and describing them, and paying 12 d. shall have them returned; and on Neglect of Parish Clerk, on account of such Bills at Church Door, or Overseer of Slaves returning such Goods, they shall forfeit 20 s.

V. Two Justices, or justices in Sessions, have Power to take Recognizance of Persons (suspeCled) not to trade with Slaves contrary to Law; and if they do, or ship Goods.suspeCled to be unlawfully come by, they shall forfeit their Recognizances.

VI. If a Slave strike a Christian, he shall, upon Oath before a Justice, for the first Offence be severely whipped; fur the second Offence be whipped, have his Nose flit, and be burnt in the Face; and for a third Offence be punished as Governor and Council think fit.

VII. Provided such striking be not in Defence of their Owners, or their Families, or Goods.

VIII. All Slaves shall be cloathed once a Year with Drawers and Caps for Men, and Peticoats and Caps for Women, on Penalty of 5 s. for each Neglect, one Third to the Informer, and two Thirds to the Poor.

IX. Persons taking up strange runaway Slaves shall bring them to the Provost-marshal, and receive 101 from the Treasurer, which a Justice may levy on the Treasurei’s Goods, on refusing to pay it; and such Slaves shall be kept in the Cage.

X. And the Marshal shall detain such Slave till the Owner pay the Treasurer 11s. and the Marshal 4d. per Day until discharged, and the Turnkey 6d. at Delivery.

XI. Provided the Provost-marshal do furnish the Slave with Food and Drink.

XII. If a Slave die for want of Food, the Marshal shall be answerable; and if he fufter the Slave to escape, he shall pay the Treasurer 11 a. and make Satisfaction to the Owner, at the Discretion of the Governor and Council. And if the Provost employ the Slave out of the Cage, he shall forfeit 5 /. Sterling to the Owner.

XIII. All Persons taking up runaway Slaves, shall make Oath before they receive the 10 a. of their own Names and Place of Abode, with the Time and Place when and where he apprehended such Slave, and thac he knew not the Owner, nor of any Ticket the Slave had and this shall be entered in a Book, for the Satisfaction of the Owner, who shall give a Receipt to the Keeper of the Cage when he receives his Slave.

XIV. Whoever shall tempt a Slave from his Matter with Intent to fend him off the Island, or to conceal him in the Island to defraud the Matter, and being convict thereof by two Justices, shall pay the Master 25l. Sterling} and if he be not able to pay it, he shall serve the Slave’s Master five Years. And if a Slave be really tempted away, and sent off the Island, then the Offender shall pay the Owner three times the Value, or serve as aforesaid.

XV. When any Slave shall be convicted before a Justice of Murder, Robbery, burning Houses, or Canes, stealing Cattle, or other heinous Crime, he shall either bail or commit such Slave to Prison, and then join with another Justice and three Freeholders, and try such Slave, and if found guilty, award Execution.

XVI. If a Freeholder shall not appear on Summons, or shall refuse to join on such Trial, he shall forfeit 50s. And if an Owner of a Slave who hath killed another shall fend him off

d

466 Abridgment of the Acts

the Island, he shall pay the Owner of the dead Slave the Value of him.

XVII. If a Slave steal or destroy Goods or Provisions not his Mailer’s, and under 12d. Value, and convicted thereof before a Justice, he shall be severely whipped, not above 40 Lashes, and the Owner of the Slave shall make Satisfaction to the Party injured. Such Slave guilty of a second Offence, shall have his Nose flit, and be burnt in the Forehead, and his Owner shall pay the Party injured double Value. And if such Slave shall commit a third Offence, he shall be tried in Manner before prescribed for Murther, or other heinous Crimes, and shall suffer Death, or other Punishment. And in case a Justice or Freeholder neglect his Duty, he shall forfeit 25l. Sterling.

XVIII. Slaves mutinying or rising in Rebellion, or conspiring to rile against the Island •, the Governor shall appoint a Court-martial to try such Offenders, and to punish them with Death, or other Punishment at their Discretion.

XIX. Slaves suffering Death by virtue of this Act, shall be valued, and their Owners paid for them by the Publick, not above 25l. for one Slave •, but the Damage to the Party injured shall be deducted out of the Value of the Slave, and paid to such injured Party, and the Owner shall have only the Overplus.

XX. If upon Trial of Slaves for heinous Crimes it appear, that it was occasioned byReason their Matters had not provided them with sufficient Food, then the Treasurer shall only pay the Damage to the Party injured, and nothing to the Owner of the Slave executed. And if the Treasurer shall fail in Payment of such Sums, he having publick Money in his Hands, and the Governor’s Warrant for fb doing, the Party injured shall have an Action of Debt against him.

XXI. No Jew shall keep in any Port Town more than one Slave, except Jews who are denizened, who may keep fb many as are allowed by the Governor and Council. And if a Jew keep more than his Allowance, he shall forfeit the fame •, Half to the Informer, and Half to the Publick.

XXII. Upon Notice given of any hiding Place of runaway Negroes, a Justice, Constable, or Captain, may raise Men, not above 20, to pursue such Runaways; and for every Negro taken alive, who hath been run away above six Months, they shall receive 50s. and for such as have been run away 12 Months 5l. from the Owner, and if killed in taking, then 50 s. from the Publick.

XXIII. If a Negro die under Punishment by his Matter’s Order, for a Crime committed against his Matter, no Person shall be fined therefore; but if any Person out of Wanton-ness or Cruelty kill a Slave of his own, he shall be fined 15l. to the Publick. And if he kill another Man’s Slave, he shall pay the Owner

of Assembly of Barbadoes.

double the Value, and 25l. Fine to the Publick, and be bound to his good Behaviour during the Pleasure of the Governor and Council. And if any Man kill another’s Slave by Accident, he shall only be liable to an Action at Law by the Owner of the Slave so killed. And if any Man in the Night kill a Slave out of the Road, and dealing his Provisions, he shall not be accountable for it.

XXIV. All Fines in this Act above 5l. and not herein before directed how to be recovered, shall be recovered in a Court of Record, and under that Sum. before a Justice, if within 30 Days after forfeited.

XXV. This Act to be published in each Pa-rifli Church twice a Year.

XXVI. All former Acts relating to the governing of Negroes are hereby repealed.

XXVII. N° 376. Every Negro who shall discover any other Negro speaking Words tending to Mutiny or Rebellion, or that shall have prepared Warlike Stores or Instruments, other than for the Country Service, and shall inform a Justice of Peace, who, with another Justice, shall examine the Negroes Face to Face; and if they find the Accusation just, they shall secure the Offenders, and acquaint the Governor, who shall appoint a Court-martial to try them, and if found guilty, to condemn them to Death; and the informing Negro shall be appraised, and his Value paid his Matter by the Publick, and also his Passage paid to such Place as he desires, but if he choose to flay with his Matter, he shall have 40 s. to his own Use; but if he does not make good his Accusation, he shall be punished as Justices or Court-martial think fit, not to Death.

XXVIII. N° 377. If any Negro, after he has been one Year in the Island, run away from his Matter, and continue absent 30 Days, he shall suffer Death; to be tried by two Justices and three Freeholders, who are also to value the Criminal, and his Matter shall receive such Value out of the publick Treasury.

XXIX. N° 380. Whoever shall fell any Rum or other strong Liquors to any Negro or Slave, and being convicted, shall forfeit 20J.

XXX. If a white Person buy Rum or other strong Liquors of a Slave, he shall forfeit 20 s. or receive 10 Lashes, and the Whipper shall have 154 of the Churchwarden.

XXXI. N° 5X 6. For laying a Duty on Negroes imported. See Title, JDlttg On iSegrOeg iltl-pOltCO, in this Abridgment.

XXXII. N° 541. Every Slave who in time of Invasion by an Enemy shall kill an Enemy, shall be declared free immediately after Proof made.

XXXIII. And such Slave shall be appraised by two Freeholders, on Oath, which being certified by a Justice to the Governor, who, with the Advice of Counsel, is desired to issue an Order on the Treasurer to pay the same out

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 467

of the Duty of Excise. And if there be not Money then in the Treasury, shall be allowed Ten per Cent. Interest till paid.

XXXIV. And if a Slave is killed by the Enemy, the Owner, on proving his Value by two credible Witnesses, shall receive the same in Manner as for Slaves made free.

XXXV. N°552. No Person shall employ Slaves in buying or selling of Goods, nor buy Goods of any Slave, under Penalty of 5l. or 21 Lashes on the bare Back.

XXXVI. Every Slave found felling of Goods shall have 21 Stripes; but not to hinder Slaves from felling Stock to their Matters, or Milk, Horsemeat, and Firewood to any Person : And provided, that all Slaves felling Milk, Horsemeat, and Firewood, shall wear a Collar with the Names of the Slave’s Matter, his Parish, and of the Maker of the Collar.

XXXVII. Every Person going with a Slave to fell Goods without Consent of the Slave’s Matter, shall forfeit for the first Offence 20 s. or receive 21 Lashes, and for every other Offence shall forfeit 51, or receive 21 Ladies.

XXXVIII. If any Person shall make any such Slave a Collar for his own keeping, without his Matter’s Consent, such Maker shall forfeit 10l. and lie in Gaol till paid.

XXXIX. Every Person differing his Slave to go at large, and to hire himl'elf out, or follow any Trade, in order to receive a daily, weekly, or monthly Sum of Money to such Owner of the Slave’s Ule, the said Owner shall forfeit 101. for each Slave, and shall give 10ol. Security, not to flitter any Slave by his Consent to commit the like Crime for the future.

XL. Every Person employing a Slave without his Matter’s Consent, shall forfeit the same as a Matter for letting his Slave go at large.

XLI. If any Person shall take off any Pothook, Ring, or Collar from any Slave’s Neck or Leg, without the Matter of the Slave’s Consent, he shall forfeit 10l. to the Owner of the Slave; and in case a Slave be found guilty of it, he shall receive 40 Laflies.

XLII. Two Persons appointed by the Clerk of the Market at 15l. per Annum Salary each, to be paid by the Publick, in order to discover Slaves felling Goods without Licence, and to inspect suspected Places, and to proceed again!! all white Persons trading with Slaves, and again!! all Slaves trading without Licence. And such Persons shall take the Oath prescribed in the Act.

XLIII. Every Justice of Peace neglecting his Duty by this Act required (except a Member of the Council) shall forfeit 10l.

XLIV. N°556. All Persons who had quiet Possession of any Slave three Months, and not fraudulently come by, was then deemed to have a legal Possession; and Importers or first Purchasers are deemed to have a legal Possession, though the Slave have not been on the Island so long.

XLV. Provided, that no Person who had a just Right to any Slave before this Act, should be deprived of his Recovery of the fame by due Course of Law; and whoever kept Possest fion of Slaves unjullly, it should be deemed concealing and unjust detaining such Slaves.

XLVI. If any Person conceal or detain a Slave in a secret and illegal Manner, the Person injured, on Complaint to two Justices of Peace, shall have a Warrant to summon the Person complained of to answer to the fame, and allb to summon Witnesses. And the Justices shall also grant a Warrant to apprehend such Slave, complained of to be illegally detained, to be viewed. And such Justices are impowered to order and deliver the Possession of such Slave to the Complainant, upon Proof made, that such Slave had been in the quiet Possession of the Complainant before the Complaint made for three Months, in a legal Manner, and that the Person complained of had detained such Slave in an unlawful Manner, although such Person complained of had been in peaceable Possession of the Slave above three Months, and the Person guilty shall pay the Complainant 5l. a Day for every Day he had unlawfully detained such Slave, provided the lame do not amount to above 100l. And the Offender shall be obliged to deliver to the Complainant’s safe Possession every such Slave, on Penalty of 200l. and on Default of Payment of such Penalties, or Delivery of such Slave, the Justices are impowered to issue Execution against the Offenders, to be levied by a Constable; and either Party may have Copies of all-Proceedings for a Fee of 15 s.

XLVII. If any Slave ordered to be restored to the Complainant shall die a natural Death before Judgement given, he shall not be liable to the Penalty of 200l.

XLVIII. If the Complainant cannot prove such Detinue, or can prove but Part of the Slaves detained, in such Case the Justices shall examine the Person complained of on Oath, and if upon such Oath it appear Slaves have been detained, then the Justices shall order them to be restored; and if such Person complained of refuse to make such Oath, he shall be deemed guilty, and the Justices shall award Damages for every Day’s Detinue, as they judge meet, not above 2 s. per Day, and also order the Possest fion of the Slave to the Complainant, under 200 /. Penalty for each Slave j but if the Complaint appear vexacious, the Justices shall tax reasonable Cost for the Defendant, not above 51, and issue Execution for Non-payment.

XLIX. If any Person on Sale of Goods at Outcry by virtue of this Act be the highest Bidder, and shall not pay for them in 20 Days, the Justices shall issue a Writ of 20 per Cent. against the Person failing in Payment, as is done on Sales at Outcry by Order of the Court of Common Pleas.

4<58 Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

L. Every Per (bn laying Claim to the Property of any Slave, may bring their Action against the Person in Possession of such Slave in the Court of Common Pleas. And the Judges are to proceed to Trial, and give Judgement the first Court after the Caule is fit for Trial.

LI. Provided, that if the Owner of the Plantation is not on the Eland, then the chief Manager of it shall be prosecuted for detaining such Negroes, and lb he shall be for detaining any Perl'on’s Negroes without express Order from his Matter.

LII. Every Plaintiff on Negro causes, on filing their Declaration, shall leave with the Clerk all Writings or attested Copies thereof that are mentioned in the Action, that the Defendant may view the lame, and plead thereto in time, and after a Plea of Abatement, the Plaintiff may take his Writings from the Clerk.

LIII. The Defendant’s Plea of Abatement shall be filed in Court in four Days after Service, that the Plaintiff may take a Copy of it, which Plea shall be argued the first Court after it’s tiled, and if overruled, the Defendant shall plead Issuably, or in Bar or Dcmurr, in 14 Days, that the Plaintiff may join Elbe, Reply, or Demurr, and if Special Pleadings are necessary, the Court shall make a Rule for the fame with Dispatch : And all Negro Caules fha'il be first called in every Court.

LIV. If the Evidence prove the Negroes declared for to be such Negroes as are commonly taken to be the Plaintiff’s Negroes, and the Defendant cannot bring better Proof, then such Negroes shall be deemed the Plaintiff’s.

LV. If the Plaintiff make Recovery, the Defendant shall deliver the Slaves, or zoo I. for each, in 14 Days, or elle Execution shall issue, and be levied by the Officers of the Court. But if the Slave die a natural Death before the Execution be levied, then the Defendant shall not be liable to the Penalty of 200 /.

LVI. After such Recovery is made, the Plaintiff may still have his Action for Damages.

LVII. All Negro Actions shall be put first on the Lift of Trials, and called in due Court. And if any Officer be guilty of Corruption, or Neglect of Duty, he shall be displaced, and pay all Damages.

LVIII. All Writs of Error on Negro Actions shall be brought in 14 Days after Judgement; Injunctions in the same Time; Persons under Disability excepted.

LIX. No Proceedings relating to Slaves shall fall or abate by Death or Absence of any one of the Plaintiffs, but their Representatives shall be admitted Parties, and the Person admitted shall have a Month’s time to prosecute; neither shall such Action fall by the Death of the Defendants, but shall be maintained against the Representa-tive of such Defendant, or such Persons as have the Slaves in Possession.

LX. If a Defendant plead he has no such

Slave in his Possession, it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to prove, that such Slaves were in the Defendant’s Possession within ten Days before the Action. Provided the Defendant hath not delivered them to the Plaintiff within ten Days after the Complaint. And if the Plaintiff find Difficulty to prove the Possession, then Complaint may be made to two Justices, who shall proceed to discover the Possession, upon the Oath of the Person complained of And if upon Examination the Possession be proved, then a Certificate of the Justices shall be sufficient to the Jury to find for the Plaintiff.

LXI. If any Widow lcized of Slaves in Dower shall dispose of such Slaves, lo that they are lent off the Island without the Consent of the Heir Expectant, then such Heir Expectant may enter and take Possession of all the Estate in Dower, as being forfeited. And if such Widow marry, and her Husband dispose of them, lo that they are lent off the Island, then the Heir Expectant may enter and take Possession of the whole Dower during the Life of such Husband.

L.XII. If such Slaves lent off" the Island prove of greater Value than the remaining Part of the Estate in Dower, the Heir Expectant may have an Action against such Widow or Husband for treble the full Value of the Slaves lent off or disposed of.

LXIII. The Heir Expectant lo injured may bring an Action for Recovery of the Estate, or Value thereof, against any Person who shall interrupt him from entering on the lame; and the Recovery shall be levied on any Estate against whom it is obtained, and shall be tried in the same Manner as is prescribed for the Recovery of Negroes.

LXIV. The lame Proceedings shall be had against Persons possessed of Negroes for Life, if they lend them off the Island, as againli Widows in Dower. And if any Person holding Slaves in Dower, or for Life, destroy or disable them, they shall pay treble Value to the Person in Reversion.

LXV. How Negroes shall be lued for and tried. See the Act.

LXVI. Complainants in Partition, or Dower, shall recover Damage from the Time of the Commencement of their Right only.

LXVII. This Act shall not extend to Persons that lend Slaves, or let them for any Term, whole Leases or Agreements are expired, nor to any Person who came by Possession by Consent of the Claimer, and whole Possession is but in Trust; but in such Cases the Claimer shall be put in Possession by the Justices, as in case of illegal Detention. And when Slaves are lent or hired out, the Lender only shall be subject to the Penalty of 5l. a Day.

LXVIII. If any Guardian, Executor, or Administrator, shall agree with any Person to have Slaves in their Trust fold when there are other Effects, Personal Estate, liable to pay the

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 469

Debts, the dud Guardian, &c. Aral I forfeit 501. for every Slave fold.

LXIX. Upon all Outcries of Negroes there shall be 20 Days for Redemption, and the Purchaser shall not be obliged to pay for them till that Time is expired; but the Purchaser shall have them in PufTession, and give Security for Re-delivcry, if the Person who has Title to them shall in 20 Days pay the Value of them, and the Charges, to the Marshal , then the Purchaser shall rc-deliver them to the Mar Aral for the Person who redeemed them, on Penalty of an Action of unlawful Detainer.

LXX. Provided, if a Slave die a natural Death in the said 20 Days, the Purchaser shall suffer no Damages by such Death. If such Slaves are not redeemed in 20 Days after Sale, the Marshal shall give the Purchaser a Bill of Sale, and receive the Value for the Use of the Creditor. And if the Purchaser neglect Payment, he shall suffer as other Purchas rs of Goods bought at Outcry, and refuting to pay for them, do suffer.

LXXI. Executors or others in Trust, not having lulHcient Effects in their Hands to pay the Debts and Legacies of the Testator without felling off the Slaves, to the Hurt of the Plantation, may pay the same themselves, and the Efface shall be a Security for the Principal advanced, and Ten per Cent. Interest.

LXXII. When any Person dies possessed of Slaves, the Executor, or other Person in Trust, shall have Possession of them for the Persons who have the Right to them, until the Tide thereof is settled by Law; and the Slaves shall continue on the Plantation until legally recovered by the Claimant.

LXXIII. Provided, the Profit of their Work be not misapplied by such Trustees, but shall be accounted for to- the Person who proves his Title to be good.

LXXIV. When a Slave shall be executed, and the Value adjusted and certified, and any Person claim a Title in Reversion, the Justices and Freeholders shall enquire into it, and the Value divided between the Person injured, the Possessor, and Heir Expectant •, and no Certificate shall pals for the Value to the Treasurer, until the Person that demands Satisfaction swears, whether there be a Reversion, and in whom, if any.

LXXV. If any Person shall carry off the Island any Slave without Consent of the Owner, he shall forfeit 2001, for every Slave so carried off, and 50l. for every Slave attempted to be carried offi to the Owner of the Slave, to be recovered of the Person so offending, or his Security for the Ship 5 but one Third of the Penalty shall be to the Informer.

LXXVI. The Justices may demand for 7 d

a Warrant of Detinue,-----3

For summoning an Evidence, - o

But if out of the Parish, for a Warrant, 5 o

And lor the Constable serving it,-----2 6

And for each Evidence in such W arrant, 2 6

And the fame Fees to the Justice and Constable, as are allowed to the Judge and Marshal of Common Pleas for Executions or other Process.

LXXVII. If any Person have a Slave in quiet Possession five Years, he shall have a good Title to the same.

LXXVIII. Provided, Persons under Disability may sue in two Years after that Disability is removed.

LXXIX. If any Persons claiming Slaves shall sue for the fame in the Time limited, and bring the same to Trial, such Trial shall be conclusive to the Plaintiff for ever.

LXXX. If any Judge of Common Pleas, Justice of Peace, or other Officer, neglect their Duty as appointed by this Act, on Proof made before the Governor and Council, he shall forfeit his Place. And if a Constable neglect his Duty, the Justice before whom the Caule lies shall commit him to Gaol for six Months, and charge another Constable with the Duty.

LXXXI. If any Person fommoned to appear, or any Person summoned as an Evidence neglect to appear, or, appearing, refute to answer such Questions as required, he shall be committed to Gao] for six Months.

LXXXII. Members of the Council, though they are Justices, are nevertheless excused from any Penalties for not acting in Pursuance of this Act'. And if any Justice is related to a Plaintiff or Defendant, he may be excepted against before Hearing by either Party, and excused from Attendance, and another Justice shall act in his Place.

LXXXIII. When any Slaves are sold at Outcry in Pursuance of this- Act, or causes mentioned in this Clause, the Constable shall give the Purchaser a Bill of Sale, fecting forth therein several Particulars of the Proceedings, and for what Cause fold; which Bill shall be recorded in the Secretary’s Office, and give a good Title to the Purchaser, against the Person from whom such Slaves were attached, and all claiming under him.

LXXXIV. If any Person shall shew a Slave or other Effects to an Officer in Satisfaction of any Demand, other than what he may legally shew, he shall forfeit to the Party grieved 200l. And all Officers who shall attach Slaves or other Effects, shall expose "the lame to Sale at publick Outcry, and fix up Notes in the Market Towns of such Effects, and from whom attached, and for what Demand, and when to be sold, which shall be on the tenth Day after, and if the Slaves are not then fold, then ten Days fresh Notice shall be given of a second Sale, on 1001. Penalty on the Officer. And if any Person shall deface such Notices of Sales set up, before the ten Days are over, he shall forfeit 10l. for every Slave mentioned in the Note but if no Slave is mentioned in the Note, then only 10l. for each Note defaced.

470 Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

LXXXV. If two Justices differ in Opinion in any Case of Complaint, they shall call a third to their Assistance, two of which three shall decide the Matter.

LXXXVI. Caveats put up in the Secretary’s Office against fending Slaves off the Island, shall be of Force one Year, and no longer, unless renewed from Year to Year.

LXXXVII. N° 655. §8. No Person shall be admitted a Freeholder, or an Evidence in any Case, who is descended from a Negro, except on the Trial of Slaves.

LXXXVIII. N° 680. §1. If any Matter of aVessel, or other Person, shall fraudulently carry off the Island any Negro, or other Slave, be-, longing to another Person, without a Ticket from the Governor, upon Conviction in the Court of Grand Session, he shall fuller Death without Benefit of Clergy. And the Vessel and Cargo, or the Part thereof belonging to the Master, &c. shall be forfeited, and recovered in the Exchequer by the Informer, out of which Forfeiture the Owner of the Slave exported shall be paid all Damages, and the Overplus to the Publick.

LXXXIX. §2. Every Person aiding or af-sifting any Person to commit such Felony, or shall conceal any Person having committed such a Felony, shall suffer as Accelfary, and incur the Pains of Death without Benefit of Clergy.

XC. §3. If a principal Offender be convnffed, or Hand mute, £aV. and be not attainted, yet the Accessaries shall be proceeded against, and suffer the fame Punishment as if the Principal had been attainted.

XCI. §4. If a principal Felon cannot be found so as to be prosecuted, yet it shall be lawful to prosecute Accessaries for a Misdemeanour; to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or corporeal Punishment, as the Court shall think fit, which shall exempt such Offender from Punishment as Accessary, if the principal Felon be afterwards jound and convicted.

XCII. §6. If any Person concerned in carrying off a Slave (being out of Prison) shall impeach his Accomplices, and they convicted, he shall be intituled to a Pardon.

XCIII. N°688. §1. If any Negro or other Slave shall wilfully harbour and conceal any runaway Slave, and shall be judged guilty thereof by a Justice of Peace, such Negro so offending, and also the Slave so run away, shall severally for the first Offence have 21 JLafhes, for the second Offence 39 Lashes, and for the third Offence 39 Lashes, and branded on the right Cheek with the Letter (R), and for every other Offence to suffer such Punishment as the Justice shall order. Life and Limb excepted.

XCIV. §2. Every Justice of the Peace is required, upon Complaint on Oath, to issue a Warrant to leaneh for and apprehend runaway Slaves, and all such Slaves as the Owner of such Runaways shall suspect to be guilty of harbour-

ing or concealing them. And the Justice shall hear and determine such Complaints, and give Judgement against the Offenders, and record his Proceedings; and the Person impowered to execute such Warrants, may raise and arm Men, not exceeding ten, to aid and assist him.

XCV. §3. Provided, the Person executing such Warrant shall not at the same Time execute any other Warrant or Writ, under Penalty of 50l. to the Party aggrieved.

XCVI. N° 694. §1. The Justices of the Peace are ordered to put the Laws, N° 329, and 552, in Execution against all who shall offend against the same.

XCVII. §2. The Ministers in each Parish shall, on 50l. Penalty, publish the said Laws, with this Aift, in the Church, on the second or third Sunday in January yearly; and the Churchwardens shall furnish the Ministers with annual Copies for that Purpose, on the like Penalty of 50l.

XCVdll. §3. Constables, Clerks of the Market, or any other Person, may apprehend Negroes in whole Custody Sugar Canes, Sugar, Rum, S£c. or other Goods shall be found, and take them from such Negro, and carry the Negro and Goods before a Justice, who if Proof be not made to his Satisfaction, that the Goods were delivered to the Negro by the Maficr, to be sold or dispoied of for his Use, and with a Ticket for that Purpose, as required by the foregoing Acts, the Goods shall be forfeited for the Use of the Prisoners in Gaol. And if Goods suspected to be stolen are found in the Custody of a white Person, they may be also ftized and carried before a Justice, before whom if it does not appear they were honestly come by, they shall likewise be forfeited, and the Person in whole Custody they are found, and every Slave concerned, shall be proceeded against as by former Acts are appointed, and the Goods given to the Use of the Prisoners in the common Gaol.

XCIX. §4. If the Owner of such Goods so seized shall appear before the Justice, they shall be restored to him, paying the Person who seized them a Sum not above 5 s. but in case the Owner of valuable Goods so seized be not known, the Justice shall give Notice in Writing, with the Description thereof, to be affixed to the Church Door, there to remain two Sundays, and shall be cried on the fVednesday or Thursday between the said two Sundays; and if the Owner does not appear in ten Days after, then the Justice shall order them to be sold, and the Justice to have 20 s. out of the fame for his Trouble, and the rest Half to the Informer, and Half to the Poor of the Parish, and Prisoners in the common Gaol; but if in the mean time the right Owner appear, and prove his Right, then Re-ftitution shall be made to him, paying 5 s. to the Captor, and 20 s, to the Justice.

C. §5, No

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 471

C. §5. No Negro shall be allowed to plant Cotton or Ginger for his own Use; and if any Slave ftmli be found exposing Cotton or Ginger to Sale, the same shall be deemed stolen Goods, and be proceeded against as in the foregoing Cales. And if any Person buy such Goods of a Slave, they shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons buying stolen Goods, or trading with Negroes, are subject to by any former Act.

CL §6. If any Person seize such Goods, and do not carry the fame in two Days before a Justice, he shall pay the Party grieved any Sum not above io/. at the Justice’s Discretion, to be levied by the Justice’s Warrant, and for want of Distress, to be committed to Gaol till paid.

CII. §7. If any Negro have charge of a Carriage or Horles, and shall be seized in Pursuance of this Act, whereby such Carriage or Cattle shall be detained to the Prejudice of the Owner, they shall be d/charged upon giving Security that such Negro shall be forthcoming.

CIII. §8. If stolen Goods shall be found in any Personfs Custody, and no Person can swear against the Person as Stealer thereof, such Person shall be proceeded against as a Receiver of stolen Goods, and be deemed Acccllary to the Felony : Provided, the Court where tried may order such Accessary to be prosecuted for a Misdeameanour, before the Principal be convicted, and suffer Fine and Imprisonment, which shall exempt him from being punishtd as Acceflliry, if the Principal should be afterwards convicted.

Notary Pufclicfc.

N°65l. §1. ryiHE Secretary of the Island JL is impowered to protest Bills of Exchange, and enter Protests in Mercantile Matters, and to take 'Depositions in Writing, atcelf Procurations, and all other .Acts relating to Mercantile Matters, and no others, as Notaries Publick do in England, and to receive the ufbal Fees received in like Cafes. Provided he take the Oath prescribed in the Act.

II. And provided he be not compelled to be Regiller of any Court of Admiralty held for the Trial of Pirates.

III. §2. If any other Person than the Secretary of the Island, or his Deputy, shall do any Act as a Notary Publick in that Island, by Colour of any Power from any other Person than His Majesty, such Person fb acting shall forfeit for every Act lo done ioo /.

Orphans.

N° 617. §7. r~r~i HE Father of a Child under 1 21 Years of Age, and un-

married, whether the Father be 21 Years of Age, or not, may, by Deed executed in his Life-time, or by Will, dispose of the Custody and Tuition of his Children till they are 21 Years of Age, to any Person, not Popish Recusants > and such

Disposition shall be good against all others claiming the Custody or Tuition of them : And the Persons to whom the Custody of such Children are deviled may maintain an Action of Ravishment of Ward or Trespass against any Person who shall wrongfully detain such Children.

II. §8. The Person to whom the Custody of such Child shall be devised, may take into his Custody all Real and Personal Estate belonging to such Children, and sue for the same.

III. §9. But this Act shall not discharge an Apprentice from his Apprenticeship.

SDutcriesh

N° 333. §1. ft' 1 OODS taken in Execution, \ TT above 10ol. Value, four Days Notice shall be given of Sale by Outcry; and when the Goods or Chattels are brought to Market, the Debtor may dispose of them to his best Advantage , and if he neglect, the Marshal shall fell them *in the Manner prescribed in the Act.

II. §2. AH Outcries shall be in Markets, except heavy Goods, too troubleioine to be removed.

©fUcccs,

N° 2. O Treafeirer or Marshal shall act

before they have given Security to the Secretary, payable to the Governor, for their good Behaviour.'

II. N ’3. No Person shall be employed as a Clerk in any Court, until/worn to his Duty, and giving Security to the Judge of the Court for his good Behaviour and safe keeping of the Records in his Trust.

III. This Act not to be construed to allow any Judge to alter, raze out, or diminish any Record.

Pari© E>ueti and TBounus*

N° 286. §1. XT' Xecutions levied upon Negroes *. or other moveable Effects for Satisfaction of Parish Levies, the Effects shall be outcried and fold in those Hours as is used by the Courts of Common Pleas, and to be at the Market Town for that Precinct. And if the Debtor refute to shew Effects, the Vestry may cause his Person to be taken in Execution, or to levy the same upon his Land or Buildings, to be sold by Outcry where they lie.

II. N° 722. § i. The Governor in Council shall issue Process against Churchwardens for Debts due from them to the Parish.

III. §2. The Governor in Council may issue Process against any Person indebted for Goods attached for Parish Dues, and sold at Outcry.

IV. N°295. §i. Where Parish Bounds are ob-fcure or doubtful, the Governor shall order two Justices not concerned in those Parishes to cause

4-7*- Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

the Line to be run out by a sworn Surveyor, and the Churchwardens to see it done and the said Justices shall summon and swear Witnesses.

V. §2. Charges shall be paid by each Parish as the Justices shall direct. And Evidences noc appearing on Summons, shall pay the Damage suffered by their Absence.

VI. Land taken out of one Parish and put into another, shall pay Parish Dues to the Parish it is put into,

VII. N°632. Churchwardens may levy upon and expose to Sale, at any Time of the Year {Sundays excepted) any Lands, Houses, Negroes, or Chattels, for Parochial Dues in Arrear.

VIII. ^654. § i. The Members of the Council and Assembly are appointed Commissioners in the respective Parishes where they re fide and represent, with Power to view Lands, and examine Witnesses on Oath, in order to fix the Bounds of the several Parishes.

IX. §2. When the Commissioners of one Parish design to lay out Bounds, they shall give three Days Notice to the Commissioners of the other Parish concerned, and when met the Surveyor is to mark the Lines, and then make a Map of the Island.

X. §3. And the Bounds fb aicertuined shall remain unalterable.

XI. §4. An old Aift for this Purpose, paflld in 1714, is hereby repealed.

J?etCons Departing tlje 3ifiantj.

See also <E0U£tS.

N° 19. TF any Witness be to go off the X. Hand, then the Depoficion of such Witness, taken before the Governor or a Judge or Justice of the Peace, in the Presence of the Plaintiff and Defendant, shall be esteemed good Evidence, and not otherwise; but if either Party refuse to come after Notice given, then the Evidence shall be good, though taken in their Absence.

II. N° 173. §1. The Secretary in his Office shall keep a Table of Names of Persons intended to go off the Island, and shall not give a Ticket to depart the Island till 21 Days after such Name is put up, unless Security be given to answer all Demands in that Time.

III. §2. If the Person going off is not well known, he shall bring a Certificate to the Secretary from a Justice, of his Name, and also give Security before he have a Ticket j which Tickets shall be the Master of a Ship’s Warrant to transport such Persons.

IV. Proviso, that this Act shall not extend to Women-covert, or Children under 14 Years of Age, except Feme-foie Traders.

V. §3. Persons underwriting others who are going off the Island, shall let forth the Cause of Action, and what is really due, and file an Action in 21 Days after Security given, or their Action shall be barred.

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

VI. §4. Any Person may underwrite any other who is departing the Island, and the Secretary snail take Security for the lame before he deliver a Ticket.

VII. §7. The Governor may appoint a Special Court to try causes of Persons underwritten.

VIII. § S. And the Judges shall be sworn as other Judges are, and then shall proced to Trial without Delay, in Manner of a Court of Common Pleas.

IX. §9. If the Plaintiff do not prosecute his Suit, nor prove the major Part of what he sued for to be due, his Action shall be deemed malicious, and pay treble Damages and double Cods.

X. § n. Judges shall give a Certificate to the Secretary, in order to grant or refuse a Ticket.

XI. §12. If the Plaintiff do not file his Action in three Days, the Defendant shall be discharged; where Actions lie in Damages uncertain, the Underwriting may be in gross.

XII. §13. Underwritings for above 200/: Sterling, shall be approved by the Governor.

XIII. §16. Persons obtaining Tickets by indirect Means, shall pay all Damages to the Party injured •, and whoever delivers up a Ticket for another Person to get off the Hand, shall pay all Damages.

XIV. §17. Matters transporting Servants shall have a Ticket from the Governor.

XV. Provided the Master prove such Servants or Slaves are his own proper Estate.

XVI. § tS. Underwritings for less than C/. 5 s. may be tried by a Justice.

XVII. N° 2 S 3. No Person shall have a Ticket to depart the Island without a Certificate from a Justice to the Secretary, that he is a Tingle Man, or has a competent Estate, or hath given Security, to maintain his Wife and Children left behind him.

IPettg Harceng,

N° 144. §1. TjJErfons complaining againstOf-jf fenders committed for Petty Larceny, shall be bound to prosecute at the next Quarter Sessions.

II. §2. The Justices of the Peace for St. Michael's Parish have Power to examine and sentence such Offenders as well as the General Set fions •, and the Provost-marshal shall convey such Offenders to the Quarter Sessions, and obey the Justices Commands in Prosecution thereof.

III. §3. Persons accused, tried, and acquitted, or otherwise discharged, shall pay only lSd. Fee to the Turnkey, and no more.

IV. §4. Persons accused of Petty Larceny, and giving Bail in any other Parish, the Justice of that Precinct where they are taken may hear and determine the fame in their Quarter Sessions.

Abridgment of the ABs of Assembly of Barbadoes. 473

Common Pleas, shall administer the same, and H?ilgtim Jj3oufe» keep a Register thereof.

N°658. XMpowers the Governor to appoint Per fens to take a new Lease of Pilgrim, for the Use of the Governor for the time being.

II. N° 702. Impowers certain Trustees to purchase the said House and Land, for the Use of the Governor for the time being, and exempts the fame for ever from all Parochial and other publick Assessments.

Pitatesf.

N°3o6. 1~> Irates taken in or brought to the Y Island, shall be proceeded against before Judges commissioned by the Governor, in the same Manner as such Offences are tried in England, and shall suffer as if the Offences had been committed upon Land. But this Act is now obsolete, there being a Court wid Judges appointed for that Purpose by the Crown.

planting PioiaifioniL

N°48. A LL Planters possessed but of 20 f~\_ Acres of Land, that shall fell any Sort of Provisions of the Produce of the Island, have Power to prosecute for the Debt accruing by such Sale before any Justice of Peace, and recover the same as in Cafes of Servants Wages.

Pool

N° 240. t a 'HIS Act only confirms a Deed i of Settlement made by Philip Crowell, for settling fix, Acres and 30 Perches of Land, with two Negroes, on the Representatives of the Parish of Christ Church, towards the Support and Maintenance of five decayed Englishmen of the said Parish.

II. N° 608. Enables the Representatives of the said Parish of Christ Church (for several Rea-fons therein mentioned) to fell the said fix Acres and 30 Perches of Land, and to lodge the Money fold for in the Hands of the Churchwardens and Vestry of the same Parish, to be applied in the same Manner, and to the same Uses as the Land was designed for.

Popi® mecufantg.

N° 254. XT'VERY Officer, Civil or Military, Pi or shall receive Pay, Salary, Fees, or Wages, by Grant or Patent, or shall have any Place or Trust, shall take the State Oaths and Declaration in two Months after their Admittance into such Place or Profit, on the Penalty set forth in the Act of Parliament of the 25th of Charles

II. And die Courts of Chancery, the Governor and Council, or Courts of

p?ojeao?g.

N° 740. §1. T-'vEclares, that Thomas Steven-JlJ fin has projected Mills lor grinding Sugar Canes, for the Good of the Place, and enacts, That he and his Assigns shall enjoy the Benefit thereof for 21 Years; and that no other Person without his Permission shall ere ft such Mills, on Penalty of 601, to the said Stevenson's, Use.

II. §2. Mr. Stevenson shall allow any Person to build iiich a Mill for 30l. if desired.

III. §3. And if such Person build more sech Mills than one on the femeEstate, he shall not be obliged to pay any more than the first 30l.

IV. N°74l. Declares, that Thomas Sain thill has projected a new Method for hanging Coppers, and for building Cattle Mills, Horse Mills, and Horizontal Mills to great Advantage, for which he and his Assigns shall enjoy the Benefit for 21 Years •, with Penalties and Provisoes much in the same Manner as the foregoing Act for the Encouragement of Mr. Stevenfiu.

V. N°742. Mr. Sainthill has likewise by this Act the foie Benefit of a new Method for preventing the Blait of Sugar Canes for 14 Years, with a Penalty of 50l. on any other Person than himself or Assigns, using the same.

PofotlCE Dutj>.

N°434. §i. Tj' VERY Matter of a Vesse!

trading to this Island ih.fi! pay 1 lb. of Gunpowder for every Ton (according to the Tonnage of his Veiled) to the Keeper of the Stores, before he land any Goods, except living Creatures, on Penalty of 100l. or to be committed till paid.

II. §2. All Vessels liable to the Duty shall be reported on Oath, or gauged in the Manner prescribed in the Act. See the Act. But this Manner of gauging was altered by an Act passed in 1699, fee the Act, N°447.

III. §3. The Keeper of the Stores is to keep a Register of all Entries upon Oath, to be laid before the Committee of publick Accounts, wherein shall be entered the Matter and Vessel’s Names and Tonnage; and account for all Povy-der. Arms, and other Stores in his Care. And if the Keeper suspect the Matter has made a short Entry, he shall fend a Gauger on Board, who shall report the Burthen of the Vessel on Oath, in Presence of the Matter. And if it appear that the Matter made a short Entry, he shall pay 3 lb. of Powder for every Ton short.

IV. §4. The Storekeeper is to be nominated by the Assembly, and by them recommended to the Governor and Council for Confirmation annually.

474 Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

V. §5. The Storekeeper of the Magazine shall have 100 /. per Annum Salary, to be paid by Order of the Governor in Council to the Treasurer, out of the publick Treasure.

VI. §6. The Storekeeper, with two sufficient Persons, shall give 2000l. Sterling Security into the Secretary’s Office, for the faithful Execution of his Offige, and shall take the Oath prescribed in the Act.

VII. §7. The Keeper shall also be allowed 20l. per Annum, for his Charges in surveying Vessels i all Charges for bringing in or carrying out the Stores, and shall account with the Committee as often as shall be required.

VIII. The Storekeeper shall not fell, change, or commute for Money, or other Value in lieu of Powder, or other Stores, without Leave of the Governor, Council, and Assembly. And if he purloin or imbezil any Warlike Stores to the Value of 20 s. it shall be adjudged Felony, and be tried as directed by two English Acts of 31 Queen Elizabeth c. 4. and 22 Charles II. c. 5.

IX. §8. Commissioners of publick Accounts may call all Persons concerned to account for all Stores, Ammunition, and Money, as they have received for the publick Ul’e; and the Commissioners may grant Execution again (I any Persons indebted -, and foe for Stores, Arms, and Ammunition; and may administer Oaths, and have the fame Power as a Court of Chancery, and proceed according to an Act of the Island of 1699, For appointing a Committee for settling the publick Accounts which Act being expired, has been omitted in the printed Volume.

X. §9. Two former Acts repealed.

XI. N° 732. §1. All Vessels owned by Inhabitants shall be discharged from paying the Powder Duty, and if but Part owned, then shall be discharged such Duty in Proportion to what is owned by the Inhabitants.

XII. §2. To prevent Deceit, the Owners shall make Oath to their Property, as in the Act.

XIII. §3. Vessels arriving at the Island to refit, or to fopply their Wants, and shall not fell more than allowed by the Governor, to pay Charges only, and Oath made thereof, the Duty shall be remitted.

XIV. §4. Quakers Affirmation shall serve for an Oath.

N°^5" "D Y this Act the Governors for the time fl being are to appoint the Provost-marshals; and though this API does not appear ever to have been repealed, yet it’s supposed never to have been in Force, the Provost marshals being always appointed by the Crown, though direPily contrary to this API.

PROVISIONS. See planting, and Setuantsf.

JpublicU accounts.

N° 545. A Committee was appointed, con-Ji\, filling of four Members of the Council, and fix Members of the Assembly, fix of which to be a Quorum, and one of the Council, if any of them present, to be Chairman, who were to examine all puhl'ck Accounts of the Treasury, or Stores in the Magazine or elie-where, and account with tire Treasurer.

II. No Member of the Committe shall fit in the Committee, who has any Accounts of his own to pass there, on the Adjustment of his own Accounts; and the Members of the Committee shall report their Proceedings to their respective Houses.

III. The Committee are impowered to grant Executions against Persons indebted, and to command Books and Writings, and iwear Witnesses, and call before them Persons, Papers, and Records, and to punish such as neglect with lm-prisoninent •, but to have a special Regard to poor Debtors, and to such as have lost their Receipts. And all Receivers of Taxes since 1680 were to account to this Committee.

IV. The Clerk of the Council shall keep a Book, and enter all Orders in Council for Money payable out of the Treasury; and the Clerks of the Assembly and publick Accounts allowed to take Copies of it.

V. All Orders for Payment of Money shall be paid in Course of their Dates, except for emergent Service of the Country. And the Secretary is to number every Order, on Penalty of 100l. and to deliver to the Treasurer a Schedule thereof, to be let up in a Table for publick View in his Office.

VI. All Petitions to the Assembly for Money, shall be endorsed by the Clerk of the Assembly when received, and shall be allowed, referred, or rejected in due Course. And Petitions referred to a Commictee, and, on Report, approved by the House, shall be passed without Delay. And the Clerk of the Council shall endorse all Addresses of the Assembly for Money, and date the Receipt thereof, which shall be read, passed, or disallowed in Council in due Course. If Clerks of Council or Assembly neg-ledl their Duty, they shall forfeit 50l. And if the Treasurer give undue Preference in paying Orders, he shall be liable to be foed, and pay all prior Orders out of his own Ellate.

VII. If the Committee of Accounts shall give the Treasurer Credit for any Orders not regularly issued and paid in Course, such Members as consent thereto shall forfeit the Value of such Order. Provided, the Treasurer shall disc count with all Persons who have Orders, so much as their own Part of the Tax amounts to on which they are drawn, although their Order be not due in Course, except on the Duty of Excise.

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 477

VIII. The Treasurer shall have 50ol. per Annum Salary, and Comptroller of the Excise So/, per Annum, in full Recompence for all Services by them to be performed.

IX. Provided such Treasurers and Comptrollers be annually defied by the Assembly, and approved of by the Governor and Council, ochenvife such Salary to cease. And the fubor-dinate Officers of Excise lit all be allowed amongst them ail, to be equally divided, 133l. 6s. 8 d. per Annum, which Salaries flra.ll not be exceeded j and if the Committee allow larger Sums, they shall be liable to forfeit the same.

X. The Treasurer shall, on the first Monday in every Month, set up at the Custom-house, his own, and the Secretary’s Office, an Account of the gross Sums received and paid, with the Number and Date of the last Order.

XI. Vacancies in the Commictee of the publick Accounts shall be supplied by Election out of the Members of the Council and Assembly respectively;

XII. The Chairman, with Consent of the Committee, may commit any Person to the common Gaol, who shall refuse or neglect to deliver any Papers or Accounts to the Committee.

XIII. The Committee may appoint a Clerk at 501, per Annum, and a Marshal at 20l. per Annum Salary. And the Clerk shall give 500l. Security, for lafe keeping all Books of Accounts intruded with him, and for the faithful Performance of his Duty.

XIV. If any Member of the Committee neglect his Duty, he shall forfeit 20 j. towards the Expence and Entertainment of the Committee.

XV. 5l. per Day allowed for the Expence and Entertainment of the Committee of Accounts lor every Day they fit, to be paid out of the Treasury. See N" 550, below.

XVI. All Forfeitures by this Act shall be Half to the Use of the Fortifications, and Half to the Informer.

XVII. Every Member of the Committee shall take the Oath prescribed in the Act before the Governor.

XVIII. And the Clerk and Marshal of the Committee shall take the respective Oaths, as prescribed in the Act, before the Chairman of the Committee.

XIX. All former Laws touching stating the publick Accounts, are hereby repealed.

XX. N° 550. The Treasurer is directed once a Month to pay, on Certificate under the Hands of the major Part of the Committee, out of the publick Money, any Sum not above 5 /. per Day, for every Day the Committee shall fit, without further Order or Ceremony.

dimfcers.

N°i98. §1. TF any Negroes belonging to 1 any Quakers shall be found in any of their Meetings, such Negroes shall be

forfeited. Half to the Informer, and Half to the Publick. Provided an Action be brought against the Owner in three Months, and the Defendant have ten Days Summons.

II. §2. If a Negro be permitted at Quakers Meetings who does not belong to any at the Meeting, then an Informer may bring an Action for 10l. against any Quaker in such Meeting for every Negro present.

III. § g.^NoPerlbn shall keep a School, un-ids such Person shall take the Oaths of Allegiance an.d Supremacy before a Justice, and have a Certificate thereof, or a Licence from the Governor, on Penalty of three Months Imprisonment, and 3000 lb. of Sugar.

IV. §4. No Person but an Inhabitant of the Island shall preach in a Quaker’s Meeting, on Penalty of six Months Imprisonment, and 10,000 lb. of Sugar.

V. Provided all Actions against Offences on this Act shall be brought in six Months.

VI. N°427. §1. Quakers shall be allowed to take an Affirmation, as prescribed in the Act, instead of an path, which shall have the fame Effect in Law as an Oath.

VII. But if any Quaker shall falsly and corruptly affirm any Matter, which, if the fame had been in the usual Form, would have amounted to Perjury, every such Quaker shall incur the same Penalties as if convicted of Perjury.

VIII. Provided no Quaker shall give Evidence in a Criminal Cause, or serve on Juries, or bear Office in the Government.

IX. N°66l. §1. Every Quaker under Obligation to take an Oath in any Case whatever, shall, instead thereof, be permitted to make a fblemn Affirmation in the Form prescribed in this Act, which shall be of the fame Force and Effect in all Courts as an Oath in the usual Form; and instead of the Declaration of Fidelity, and of the Abjuration Oath, they may make theirs in the Forms also prescribed in the Act.

X. §2. The said Affirmation or Declaration herein prescribed, shall have the fame Force and Effect as the Declaration of Fidelity, or the Abjuration Oath.

XI. §3. No Quaker by virtue of this Act shall be permitted to give Evidence in any Criminal Cause, or serve on any Jury, or bear any Office of Profit in the Government. And every Quaker making a false Affirmation, shall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties, as he would have been, for taking a false Oath in the like Cafe.

£DrUatentine.

N° 727. §1. A LL the English Statutes For f\, preventing contageous Di-ftempers being brought into that Kingdom, shall be in Force in Barbadoes \ and the Governor is impowered and desired to order infefted Vessels

to

47 6 Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

to perform Quarantine, or to depart from the Island •, and with Consent of the Council shall execute all other Powers as are in the said Acts granted to His Majesty, lb far as such Powers may conveniently be executed in the Island without Prejudice to the Rights, Liberties, and Properties of the Inhabitants, which shall not be affected without the Concurrence of the At-fembly.

II. §2. The Officer hereby appointed shall, if possible, repair on Board all Ships coming from Foreign Parts before they anchor, or at least before they anchor in Carlisle Bay,' and diligently examine into the Health of all Persons on Board •, and in case any Person, or the Vessel is infefted, the Officers of any Ships of War, or Fort, or other whom it may concern, may refill; the Entrance of such Ship into Harbour, and oblige her to depart, and to use all necessary Means, and any Kind of Force for that Purpose. And such Officer shall make Report to the Governor on Oath, and receive further Directions. And if any Commander of a Ship shall act contrary to the Governor’s Order, he and his Vessel shall be liable to all the Penalties in the said Statutes contained.

III. §3. If the Inspector of Health shall prevent any Vessel not infefted from anchoring, or lay any unnecessary Hardships on any Vessel, the Person aggrieved is at Liberty to see and recover his Damages. And if he be guilty of any Breach or Neglect of his Duty, he shall forfeit his Office, and 50 /.

IV. §4. An Inspector of Health appointed for one Year, at 1001, per Annum Salary, payable by the Treasurer out of the publick Money.

V. §5. If an Inspector of Health dies, or goes off the Island before his Year expires, the Governor may appoint one to fecceed him for one Month, and no longer. And if the Assembly meet before that Month is out, and choose another Person to fepply the Place, then sech Person by the Assembly nominated, and approved of by the Governor and Council, shall fepply the Place for the remaining Part of the Year, and the Governor’s first Nomination shall cease. And the General Assembly shall annually choose an Inspector of Health, who when approved by the Governor and Council, shall continue in the Office one Year, and no longer. But if the Assembly neglect to appoint sech an Officer, the Person appointed to execute it by the Governor shall receive no Salary but on an Address from the Assembly.

EUcotfUSh

N°5. QJEcretaryto draw a List of all the Books of the Island, to be transcribed and kept by an able Man. And all Records for the future shall be lent by the Secretary to that Officer.

Hent.

N° 505. TIC THEN any Negroes or Chattels y \ shall be distrained for Rent, if tire Owner do not in 30 Days after Distress replevy the lame, then the Person distraining may have them appraised and fold, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner.

II. In case of Refeous, the Person grieved

shall have a Special Action, and recover treble Damages against; the Offenders, or the Owner of the Goods distrained.

III. In case Distress be made false, where no Rent is due, the Owner of the Goods distrained shall recover double Value of the Goods distrained, and full Coll of Suit.

IV. If a Constable or Appraiser neglect his

Duty, he shall be bound over to the Sessions, and fined by the Court.

V. The Constable shall have for di-1 L s' a‘

llraining, - - j° 5 0

For summoning an Appraiser, -----02 6

For a Certificate of Appraisment, — 026

Hum.

n°92. q\ee ’Title, lBianBg and Hunt.

v 1 II. N° 380. Whoever shall fell Rum or other llrong Liquors to a Slave, shall forfeit 2or.

III. And whoever buys any such Liquors of a Slave, shall forfeit 2or. or receive 10 Lashes.

Sait.

N°622. A LL Salt imported into Barladoes shall be sold by Weight; that is to say. Every Bushel shall contain 84 lb. on Penalty of the Seller to forfeit double the Value of all Salt lb fold.

Seamen atm Sea Sboat.

N° 7. §1. Eaman found on Shoar after Eight 1 j o’Clock at Night without a Certificate from his Mailer, and cannot give a good Account of himself, shall be apprehended by a Constable, and set in the Stocks but a Justice may release him, paying his Fees. And every Mailer of a Family, not licensed thereto, receiving such Seaman after Eight o’Clock, shall forfeit 50 lb. of Sugar to the Publick.

II. §2. No Mailer of a Ship shall be liable to pay any Seaman’s Debt in any Tavern or Alehouse. And all Persons trusting Seamen llrong Liquors without Security, shall lose it.

III. N° 400. No Person whatever shall dig or carry away any Stones or Rock in any Parc of the Sea, within Musket Shot of low Water Mark, on Penalty of forfeiting the Vessel in which they are carried, and 61, for every Person employed therein.

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 477

IV. But this shall not hinder the taking up loose Stones, washed up by the Sea over such Rocks where no Boat can come.

Secretary to act as H3otarg IPubUcfu

N° 651. §1. f I 1H E Person executing the Ofi- fice of Secretary for the time being is impowered to protest Bills of Exchange, enter Protests, take Depositions, attest Procurations, and do all other Things as Notaries Publick do in England', and to receive Fees usual in like Cafes. Provided he take the Oath prescribed in the Act. Provided also, that such Person shall not be compelled to act as Register of any Court of Admiralty for the Trial of Pirates.

II. §2. If any other Person, other than the Person exercising the Office of Secretary, shall aft as a Notary Publick, by Colour of any Power from any other Person than His Majesty and His Successors, such Person shall forfeit 100l. for every Act done as a Notary.

III. N° 173. The Secretary’s Duty, with Regard to granting Tickets for Persons going off the Hand. See Tide, (EOUt'tS, and also,

song Departing: tlje 3IGano.

©ertmntg.

N° 21. §1. O Person shall import English

Children under 14 Years of Age, without Certificate of the Parents Consent, on Penalty of Imprisonment until Security of 100/ be given, to return the Child to its Parents, and to prove that it is lb returned in 12 Months.

II. §2. All Persons brought to be disposed of as Servants without Contraft proved, or the Servants Consent, shall obtain their Freedom, and recover their Damages, upon Complaint to a Justice in 30 Days; and every Servant without Covenant fir all have from his Mailer at the End of his Time 400/6. of Sugar.

III. §3. No Person to deal with a Servant or Slave, on Forfeiture of treble the Value dealt for. And all Contrafts made by Servants or Slaves to be void. And such Traders shall forfeit 500 lb. of Sugar.

IV. §4. A Servant laying violent Hands on his Matter, shall serve a whole Year extraordinary, on Conviction before a Justice of Peace.

V. §5. Servants imbezilling their Matter’s Goods, on Conviction before a Justice, shall serve their Matters two Years extraordinary without Wages, and if that will not satisfy, then longer.

VI. §6. Whoever shall get a Woman Servant with Child, shall serve her Matter three Years, or procure one to lerve in his Room for bringing up the Child •, but if the Parish bring it up, the Father shall lerve the Parish two Years, and the Woman’s Matter one Year, or give Se-

curity to save harmlels the Parish, and satisfy the Matter. But if the Child die before the Time be expired, the Father shall only lerve the Owner one Year. If the Woman die, or be disabled by her Labour, the Father shall lerve her Matter the Time (he had to serve at her Conception. And the Woman offending, shall serve her Matter two Years extraordinary.

VII. §7. The Proof before a Justice is sufficient to oblige the Father to Servitude as aforesaid. But if one Servant beget another with Child, he shall lerve the Woman’s Matter double the Time Ihe had to serve when the Offence was committed.

VIII. §8. If a Man Servant marry without his Matter’s Consent, he shall serve four Years extraordinary. If a Freeman marry a Woman Servant, he shall pay her Matter double her Value. If a Servant marry her, he shall serve her Matter double the Time Ihe had to serve.

IX. §9. Differences between Matters and Servants, shall be determined in the Precinct, at Common Law Court.

X. §10. Servants commencing Suits, shall have reasonable Time allowed to attend them, at the Justice’s Discretion; but not more than two at a time out of one Family, on Penalty of being whipped, and sent back to their Matters.

XI. Servants absenting themselves from Service without a Ticker, on Conviction before a Justice, for every two Hours Absence shall lerve a Day, if the whole does not exceed three Years.

XII. §11. Matters turning off lick Servants, or not taking due' Care for their Recovery, shall forfeit 2,200/6. of Sugar to the Parish, to maintain such lick Servant.

XIII. If a Servant through his own wilful Misbehaviour get lick or lame, he shall lerve his Matter extraordinary, for Satisfaction and Loss of Time.

XIV. §12. Servants,

Labourers, Artificers, and Schoolmasters, may lue for Wages before a Justice, who shall determine the lame, and issue Execution to a Constable to levy the same.

XV. §13. justices shall hear Complaints, as well on Behalf of Matters as Servants.

XVI. But this shall extend only to hired Servants, and to Artificers, whole Debts do not exceed 4000 lb. of Sugar,

XVII. §14. No Matter shall bury a Christian Servant in his Plantation, until the Body be viewed by a Justice, Constable, and two Neighbours, to be chosen by a Justice or Constable, on Penalty of 20,000lb. of Sugar. And if it appear on View, that such Servant came by a violent Death, then a Coroner shall proceed thereon.

A Dispute arising whether Servants could recover Wages (due to them by Persons deceai-ed) of their Executors or Admi-nillrators, the Act,N°3i7,<j t, enacts. That Executors or Administrators may be sued for the same.

By the Act, Nd 517, Servant* may lue, though the Debt exceed 4000/6. ot Sugar, or 2$/. Sterling, if the Balance due be not above that Sum. And the justice may consider the Value ot Materials used by Artificers, with their Labour*

XVIII. §15. Every

N n n n

478 Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

XVIII. §15. Every Justice, Constable, or Neighbour summoned to view such Corpse, and not coming in two Hours, shall forfeit 1000/A of Sugar to the Publick, to be recovered by the Treasurer; and in such Case a Matter may bury his dead Servant in six Hours after such Summons.

XIX. §16. All Servants imported under 18 Years of Age without Contract, shall serve seven Years; and if above 1S Years of Age, five Years; and at the End of their Time shall have 400 lb. of Sugar for their Wages And when a Man and Wife are brought in one Ship, they shall be fold together, and not separated.

XX. §17. Servants filing for their Freedom, in Respect of their Ages, shall be judged by the Jury, by Inlpcftion and Confession, when they first arrived.

XXI. §18. Servants bringing unjust Suits against their Matters, shall serve double their Time wasted.

XXII. §19. Servants imprisoned for their own Offences, shall serve their Matters double the Time loft; and for all Fees and Expences that the Matter has been put to, he shall recover of the Servant after the Rate of 100 lb. of Sugar per Month.

XXIII. §20. Every Master of a Family or Ship entertaining a Man or Woman not knowing them to be free, shall forfeit for every Day or Night so entertained after the first, 100lb. of Sugar and if he knew them to be Servants, 500 lb. of Sugar per Day or Night, Half to the Servant’s Master, and Half to the Publick.

XXIV. Suspected Persons coming into any Plantation, and flaying more than necessary, shall be brought to the Constable.

XXV. If any Overseer, Freeman, Labourer, or Servant hide another Servant, he shall serve the Master of the Servant or Slave hid, one Year.

XXVI. §21. No Servant shall ride or lend his Matter’s Cattle or Carriage, on Penalty of three Months Service for every Offence.

XXVII. §22. Every Servant endeavouring to run off the Island, in order to escape from Service, or having absented himself from Service, and found endeavouring to get on Board a Ship, shall serve his Master three Years extraordinary •, and the Justice shall make a Record thereof, and cause the Servant’s Hair to be lhaved off.

XXVIII. §23. No Master of a Ship shall be permitted to trade till he has given Security in the Sum of 2000l. Sterling, not to carry off the Island any Servant or Slave without Consent of the Owner; and that he will search his Ship, and certify the Names of all his Passengers.

XXIX. §24. All Constables are to apprehend all Runaways that they know or are informed of, and convey them to the Gaol or their Matters. And Constables neglecting, shall forfeit 200lb. of Sugar, Half to the Publick, and Half to the Owner of the Servant.

XXX. §25. The Minister of every Parish shall publish this Act in June and December yearly, on Penalty of 5001b. of Sugar.

XXXI. N° 173. §17. No Master shall tran-sport Servants or Slaves without a Ticket from the Governor, on Proof that such Servants or Slaves are his own proper Estate.

XXXII. N° 2S6. §1. Where Execution is levied on Negroes, or other moveable Efflfts, for Servants or Labourers Wages, within the Cognizance of a Justice of Peace, the lame shall be loid by Outcry any Day, if the Justice think fit, in the Market Town for the Precinct. And if the Debtor refuses to shew Effects, the Creditor may take the Person Debtor in Execution, or levy the lame upon his Lands or Buildings to be sold by Outcry where they lie.

XXXIII. Nu 454. An Act was passed for disposing of Servants then belonging to the Country undisposed of; which Act being temporary, has had its full Effect, and is of no life, though printed at Length by Mistake.

XXXIV. N°493. Every white Servant shall have 6ib. of good Flesh or Fish per Week, with fefficient Ground Provisions, or Bread, with four Shirts, three Pair of Drawers, two Jackets, one Hat, and four Pair of Shoes per Annum; for want of which, the Servant may complain to a Justice, who shall order it to be done, and fine the Master 10 s. and for a second Offence, 2 or and for every other Offence, 405. to the Poor of the Parish -, but if the Servant does not make good his Complaint, he shall have ten Lashes for the first Offence, and 20 Lashes for every Offence afterwards of the same Kind.

XXXV. Every Servant ill used by his Master, may complain to two Justices, who shall, on Proof of such Offence, bind over the Offender to the Sessions, to be proceeded against according to Law. And if it appear that the Servant hath been inhumanly used, the Justices may set such Servant free, or fine the Master 5 /. Half to the Poor, and Half to the Servant.

XXXVI. Provided that it appear an Overseer hath ill used a Servant without his Matter’s Direction, and the Overseer be fined, the Servant shall have all the Fine, but not be set free. And if on Servants Misbehaviour, the Master or Overseer do not think fit to correct them, then they may complain to a Justice, who shall order Punishment, not exceeding 10 Lashes.

XXXVII. If a Justice of Peace neglect or refuse to do his Duty, he shall forfeit 5l.

XXXVIII. N°68o. §1, & 5. If any Master of a Vessel, or other Person, shall carry off the Island any contrafted Servant without a Ticket from the Governor, the Vessel and Cargo, or such Part thereof as belongs to the Offender, shall be forfeited, to make good the Damages to the Person aggrieved, and the Overplus to the Publick. See more of this Act under Title, JJjiC*

groeg*

©clltons

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 479

©essions <S5enetaU

N°442. §1. A General Session, or Assizes of Gaol Delivery, shall be held on the second Tuesday in the Months of June and December yearly, by the Governor, Council, Judges, and Justices of Peace.

II. §2. If the Governor and Council do not attend, the Governor may commission a proper Person for Chief Justice or Chairman, to hold the Session, assisted by all the Judges and Justices, at such Place as shall be appointed by the Governor and Council.

III. §3. The Governor and Council shall give Notice to all the Inhabitants, by Writs to every Parish, to fend fix Freeholders to attend the Court.

IV. §4. Justices of Peace, Coroners, and others, shall fend all Recognizances or other Writings, with a List of the fix Freeholders returned for each Parish, to the Clerk of the Crown six Days before Sessions, on Penalty of 5 /. towards defraying the Charge of the Sessions.

V. §5. Justices, Coroners, or other Officers, Or Jurymen, neglecting to attend, or departing without Leave, shall forfeit 51, towards defraying the Charge of the Sessions.

VI. All Proceedings or Pleas of the Crown shall be had according to the Laws of England and of the Island. And every Justice shall have a free Vote, beginning with the lowest in Commission. And the Charge of the Court shall be defrayed out of the Fines, not above 101. and other Profits, to 100l. for each Sessions: But this Clause refers to an Act passed in 1697, •which was repealed, and therefore the Validity of it is disputed.

VII. §6. The Marshal and Clerk, and other Officers of the Court, shall once a Year, or oftner, if required, give Account of all Fines that happen in their Courts to the Governor, and a Copy of it to the Assembly, or to the Speaker of the last Assembly, that the Committee of Accounts may charge the Treasurer, and discharge him for the same.

VIII. §7.. Former Acts about General Session-repealed.

IX. By the Act, N°655. §22. Fines for di-fturbing Elections of Afiemblymen shall be applied to the discharging the Expences of the Grand Sessions.

Special ajermasf.

N°52 7, 621, and 634. T "| THESE three Acts

1 have laid down general Rules for obtaining Special Verdicts, which are abridged under the Title of dOUttfj Of ILatO anu CllUltl) > bat- the two loft of these Acts, viz. N° 621, and 634, are both repealed by the Act, N°73o.

©piviting; people off the

N" 139. §r. "TTCTHosoevershall bargain,con-y \ tract, or agree to carry off the Island any Person, to serve for Time, be it long or short, for Passage, or Pretence of Debt, wherein Service is to be given as a Recompence, such Contract shall be void, and the Offender shall forfeit 4000lb. of Sugar, Half to the Informer, and Half to the Publick, to be tried the first Court.

II. Provided, any Person going oft' with a Family, may fend in his own Right to any other Settlement any Person not Servant to another, nor to himself without his Servant’s Content, observing the Practice of Tickets, and not to serve in another Place for Passage or Debts.

III. §2. Whoever shall fend a Man off the Island that has a Wife and Children, and leave them chargeable to the Parish, the Offender who lent such Man off shall maintain them, or be fined by the Vestry, to be recovered as in ca!e of Servants Wages.

IV. §3. If any Person having a Ticket deliver it to another to go off the Island, he shall Hand in the Pilory three times, and have 20 Laflies on his bare Back, unless the Ticket be really loft, and proper Diligence used to recover the flame by such first Owner.

V. N°2S’3. No Person shall have a Ticket to go off the Island without Proof of his being a Angle Man; or if he leave a Wife and Children on the Island, that he has left sufficient to maintain them; the Secretary to pay all Damages for granting a Ticket without such Proof.

Spiritual Coui*t»

N° 728. §1. TN order to quiet the Minds of I the Inhabitants against the Terrors and Apprehensions they lie under of a Spiritual Court, it is enabled, That no Ecckfi-flical Law or Jurisclidlion shall have Power to enforce any Penal Mulct or Punishment in any Case within this Island.

If. §2. If any Person presume to enforce, by any Ecclesiastical I,aw, any Penal Muldl or Pu-nilliment in any Case within this Island, or procure any Procds, Summons, Citation, Sentence, or Judgement, of what Nature loever, or shall serve or execute any such Procds} every such Person shall forfeit 500l. Half to the Fortifications of the Island, and Half to him that will sue for the fame; and all such Process, &c. shall be null and void; laving all Rights and Authorities to the King and Governors of the Island, as have been heretofore uled and enjoyed.

III. N° 720. §1. The foregoing Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to hinder or obstruct the Bishop of London, or his Successors, r.or their Commiflfaries, from exercising Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Jurisclidlion over the 3 Clergy

480 Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

Clergy resident on the Island, according to the Tenor of His Majesty's Commission granted to the said Bishop.

IV. §2. The Commissary may summon any Person, Layman or Clergyman, to appear as Witnesses for or against the Person accused, and protest such Witnesses as in Courts of Common Law. And such Witnesses neglecting to attend, or, attending, refuse to give Testimony on Oath, or shall swear falsly, the Commissary may proceed against such Offender at a Court of Grand Sessions, and if convicted, shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as might have been inflicted on him for the like Offences committed in any other Court in the Island.

V. §3. The laid Commissary may exercise Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction over every Subordinate Officer under him in the Proceedings against any accused Clergyman, in case of any Mal-feazance in their Offices, according to the Spiritual Laws.

VI. §4. This Act shall not extend to lessen or take away any Power which the Ordinaries of the Island might legally claim or exercise, such Privileges being i'aved, as if this Act had never been made.

VII. §5. This Act expired in 1740.

>ugat Canes anu Cask.

N° 56. A NY Persons letting Sugar Canes on Fire, shall receive 40 Lashes on his bare Back, and be branded on the Forehead with the Letter (R), and become Servant to the Party damnified for seven Years. And if done by Casualty, the Party damnified shall recover his Damages j but this Act shall not extend to Persons burning their own Sugar Canes, without Prejudice to their Neighbours.

II. Every Person carrying Fire* or smoak-ing Tobacco near Sugar Canes, shall forfeit 500 lb. of Sugar, and if not able to pay, shall be whipped.

III. N° 160. This AM has the fame Title, and is conceived throughout in ahnojt the fame Words as the foregoing, only the last Clause directs the Penalty to be levied by a Justice, as in Cafes of Servants Wages, and to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, in which Cafe the foregoing AM is deficient.

IV. N° 191. §1. A Butt shall be 52 Inches long,

- 35 in the Bulge,

- and 29 in the Head.

A Puncheon, - Inches long,

- 32 in the Bulge,

- and 28 in the Head.

A Hogshead, - 37 Inches long,

- ;— 31 in the Bulge,

- and 27 in the Head.

V. §2. Whoever shall enter Sugar at the Cu-ftom-house in larger Cask than above mentioned, in order for shipping, without having declared the fame, and obtained a Permit accordingly, shall forfeit the Cask and Sugar.

©totticgois of It ant.

N° 4. §2. 'IT'VERY Person may employ any F . sworn Surveyor to lay out Land, paying 1 lb. of Cotton for every Acre surveyed.

II. §5. Any Person who enjoys no more than 12 Acres per 100, within their respective Lines, above their real Measure, and so in Proportion for any Quantity, shall enjoy the fame without Molestation, or being taken from him.

III. §6. No Surveyor shall run out Lands without the Governor’s Warrant, and acquainting the Owner of the Land, on Penalty of 10,000 lb. of Tobacco, Imprisonment during the Governor’s Pleasure, and incapable of being a Surveyor.

IV. §7. No Surveyor shall make Bargain for any Warrant for his own Benefit, on the Penalty aforesaid.

V. N° 711. Whoever shall have Occasion to survey or lay out Lands or Houses, may of Right claim from the Governor a Warrant, to be directed to fitch sworn Surveyor as the Person requiring the same shall think fit. And the Secretary of the Island is required to direct all Warrants accordingly, on being paid a Fee of 7 s. 6d. reserving to the Surveyor General the Right of surveying all Crown Lands.

Scaring anu Cutting,

N° 16. §6. TTITHoever shall swear or curfc, if a Matter or Freeman, shall forfeit 4.Ib. of Sugar; if a Servant, 2lb. or put in the Stocks.

Cares.

N° 731. §1. TjPHE Vestries of each of the three Towns may tax new Comers or Non-residents two per Cent, for all they trade for, on Oath, towards Parish Charges.

II. §2. The Churchwardens shall agree with such Trader as to the Quantum, or else the Trader shall swear to the Quantum : And Disputes shall be determined by a Justice of Peace.

III. §3. If a Justice of Peace or Constable neglect his Duty, he shall forfeit 10l.

C&?ee Routes ^ntiig oi itiitjulet.

N°570. A NY of the Inhabitants through whole Land the Rivulet runneth may make a Dam, and draw off the Water into his Channel or Pond. Provided he do not dry the River, but that a Stream be kept running to Brown’s Pond, which shall always be kept full by the Parish Surveyors; and that it shall be free for any Parishoner to water his Stock there.

II. No Person shall dam or drain the Water off above 48 Hours at one time, but then shall

Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes. 4>: z

let it pal's to the Person next below him. And any two Justices may command the Surveyors of the Highways to view the Rivulet, and lay out the Stream, to be run as formerly, without Hindrance or Alteration, and that it may be free for the Inhabitants, with the Surveyors; to cleanse the fame, and make it beneficial to the Inhabitants in general, without Prejudice to particular Persons adjacent. The Justices and Surveyors may order the Rivulet to be opened and reformed, to prevent it from overflowing in great Rains.

III. The Justices may do all Things lawful to preserve the Peace, and pun i fit Offenders against this Act; and, with the Surveyors, to lay out Paths, not above two Foot wide, by the

- Side of the River, for Access to the same.

IV. The Justices may summon the Surveyors, and order them how the Stream shall be laid our, to be done in six Days after Complaint made, on Penalty of ioo /. And the Surveyors shall lay out the fame in four Days after the Justices have ordered it, on Penalty also of too/.

V. The Owner or Pofifeflor of John Braith-•wayte’s Estate may make a Drain or Pond, and draw off the Water out of the Rivulet for 72 Hours at a time, instead of 48 Hours.

defects.

N° 139. §1. \T ONE shall fend off the Island another’s Servant, nor his own, without such Servant’s Consent, and ob-serving the Rule and Practice of Tickets.

II. §3. If any Person having a Ticket, deliver it to another, whereby the other Person is carried off the Island, he shall stand three times in the Pilory, and receive 20 Lafihes on his bare Back.

III. N° 173. This Act prescribes several Rules for granting Tickets in the Secretary’s Office •, which fee under Title <2C0UttS, and alfi

long Departing t&e 3ifiano.

IV. N°283. No Person shall have a Ticket to go off the Island without Proof of his being a Angle Man, or if he leaves a Wife and Children, that he leaves sufficient to maintain them; and the Secretary shall pay all Damages, if he grant a Ticket without such Proof.

V. N° 347. No Recovery shall be made on any Bond forfeited for carrying People off the Island without a Ticket, for any other Intent or Purpose than only to satisfy the Person injured for his Debt, Damages, and Charges.

Crate.

N° 372. t i 1HE Subjects of Spain have free . 1 Liberty to trade to this Island for Negroes; and no Tax or Duty shall be laid upon them for such Negroes as they shall buy.

defpalfes,

N°8. §1. A NY Inhabitant may kill Hogs J \ that come into his Pro\'ition Ground, or Canes, Cotton, Ginger, or Tobacco, and to appraise and dispose of the feme, deducting the Damage, and paying the Owner the Overplus; the Appraisement by two Freeholders,’ and sworn to in Court, shall be good Evidence.

II. §2. If the Owner be not known, the Hog’s Ears shall be nailed up 14 Days in a publick Place, that the Owner may be found.

III. §3. Damage done by Horses, Cattle, Affi-negoes. Goats, or Sheep, the Goods shall be impounded, and two Freeholders shall adjudge the Damage, and (wear to it in Court, which shall be good Evidence. And the Party' damnified shall be allowed 2 lb. of Sugar per Day for each Beast keeping.

IV. N° 300. §1. Cattle impounded, the Owner may, if he cannot agree with the Impounder, apply to a Justice, and if he cannot accord the Matter, he may appoint three Freeholders to appraile the Damage, and on Payment or Tender thereof, the Justice shall grant a Warranc to a Constable to deliver the Cattle to their Owner.

V. §2. Every Person who shall frustrate the Effect of this Act, by conveying away the Di-ftrels, or preventing Deliverance of Cat.le, shall lie in Gaol till he do deliver them.

VI. §3. In case of Distress for Rent, if the Title to the Goods be disputed, the Cafe shall be tried on Replevin by Common Law.

VII. §4. If the Person pleading Property doth not make the fame appear, he shall pay treble Cost.

2Iagi*antsf.

N° 34. 'T Uftices of the Peace are to take the J Names of all Persons who have no settled Employment or Calling, and to lend the same to the Governor, that such Persons may be employed in feme Work to the Defence of the Island. But this Act seems to be only temporary,• and now obsolete,

ftleflrieg.

N°i3. §i. XT O Assessment or Levy made by a Vestry shall be of Force until approved by the Governor and Council, and liich Levies shall be prefen ted to the Governor and Council for that Purpose, presently, upon making the feme.

II. §2. Parishioners shall meet the ftcond Monday in January yearly, and choose 16 Vestry men for that Year, who shall manage Pa-rifli Business, make Rates, and perform such other Duties as belong to their Trust.

O o o o

III. §3. Rates

4&Z Abridgment of the Acts of Assembly of Barbadoes.

III. §3. Rates shall be published three Sundays in the Pari fit Church, and if no Exception is taken, the Governor and Council shall confirm it but if Exception be taken, the Party grieved shall be heard, and his Tax determined by the Governor and Council, before Confirmation pafies.

IV. §4. One or two Justices may call a Ve-ftry to debate about Pari fir and Church Business; and every Vestryman, Churchwarden, or other Officer, neglecting to appear, without a reasonable Excul'e, shall forfeit 500 lb. of Sugar to the Poor, to be levied by a Justice’s Warrant to the Constable, who shall have ten per Cent, for distraining.

V. ^583. If any Colonel or other Officer shall hinder any Gunner, Matrois, or other Persons appointed to guard any Fort, &c. who are Freeholders, from appearing on the Election of Vestrymen to give his Vote, such Colonel or other Officer shall forfeit 100l. and be incapable of holding any Commission for the future.

VI. Nl'59+. If the Freeholders of any Parish fail of meeting on the second Monday in January yearly, or if on meeting more than 16 be chosen Vestrymen, and some have equal Votes, in such Cases they shall meet again the third Monday in the lame Month, and lb every Monday till 16 Persons be elected. And if on a Controversy the Governor and Council declare an Election void, the Freeholders shall meet the next and every Monday following, until 16 be chosen, which Vestrymen shall have the fame Power as if they had been elected according to former Acts.

VII. N° 655. This Act has many Clauses describing what Qualifications shall be required of Persons to deft or be elected to serve for Assemblymen, Ve-firymen, or Jurors to try Real Actions -, for which fee the Act, and the Abridgment of it, under the Head of 9[flfCtntllifS, And by

VIII. §33. The fame Method shall be taken for Election of Vestrymen as for Assemblymen, by the Freeholders writing down their Names in Columns and the Votes taken by the eldest Justice or Vestryman present, who may admini-lter an Oath. And all Controversies that cannot be decided at the Election, shall be decided by the Governor and Council, upon a Petition lodged with the Clerk of the Council in four Days after the Election by the Person aggrieved, and shall be prosecuted in the same Manner as Controversies concerning Elections of Assemblymen are to be prosecuted before the Assembly.

IX. This Act shall be published in every Parish Church the second Sunday in January and second Sunday in July yearly.

X. §35. The Acts, N° 557, 575, and 648, are all repealed by this Act.

XI. N° 665. § r. If upon the Election of Vestrymen the Election cannot be compleated in one Day, it shall be adjourned to the next Day, and continued in the same Manner as the first Day, but no longer.

XII. §2. If the Perl'on taking the Poll the first Day refuse to adjourn in case the Election be not ’finished, he shall forfeit 200l.

XIII. §3. Eiections shall begin between Eight and Nine in the Morning, and continue to Fomin the Afternoon each Day but by Consent of all Parties, the Poll may be doled sooner.

XIV. N° 693. This Act relates chiefly to the Duty of Churchwardens; and is not to be in Force until confirmed by the Crown.

XV. NJ707. Impowers Justices to meet and chool'e Churchwarden for Part of a Year, in case of Death, or otherwise, when that Office becomes vacant.

XVI. N°722. §1. Directs the Vestry to petition the Governor in Council against Churchwardens who neglect to account for Parish Money, and allows the Governor in Council to hear and determine the lame, and award Execution thereon.

XVII. N° 726. This Act is partly aTranscript of fevered Clauses in the Act, N° 693, and relates chiefly to the Appointment and Duly of Churchwardens; which fee under the Title of dfjUECfp

toaroens.

XVIII. N°73l. The Vestries of the three Towns have Power in each respective Town to tax new Comers or transient Traders two per Cent, on all they trade, on Oath, towards defraying Parish Charges. See

XIX. N° 7 3 3. §1. Appoints an Oath to be taken by the Person acting as Sheriff at the Election of Vestries.

©Hatch in tfje four Cofoing,

N0 52O. rpHE Town of St. Michael’s to be 1 divided into eight Divisions; and each Division to have a Constable, who shall command the Watch in the Aid Town.

II. The other three Towns, called the Hole Town, Spights Town, and Oijlins, to be divided into seven Divisions each; and Spights Town is to have seven Constables; and the Hole Town, and Oijlins, to have one Constable each.

III. The Churchwardens of each of the four Towns shall lay before the Justices, every Quarter Sessions, if required, their Parish Books, and Lifts of Assessments, in order to make equal Divisions of the Aid Towns.

IV. Every Matter of a Family, Shopkeeper, or Owner of a House or Storehouse in St. Michael ’s of 151, per Annum; and also every Owner of a Storehouse of that Value, though not rented out, nor any Person dwelling therein, if liich Owner is a Planter, shall fend an able Man every eighth Night (at the Appointment of the Constable) provided with a Sword, Watch Bill, or half Pike, to watch the Town as directed by the Constable, on Penalty of 2 s. 6d. per Night for each Default, to be levied by a Justice’s Warrant to the Constable of the Division where the Fault is, and applied towards buying a Town

Clock,

- , 3.

Slbndgnient of the Slcis

Clock, and to be put into the Hands of the Churchwardens successively, and accounted for as other Parish Money is accounted for.

V. Every Master of a Family, Shopkeeper, or Owner of a House or Storehouse, if rented out, or if such Owner be a Planter, and have no Person dwelling in his Storehouse, if such House or Storehouse be worth 10l. per Annum, in either of the three Towns called Spights Town, the Hole Town, or Oijlins, shall fend an able Watchman once in seven Nights, under the fame Restrictions and Penalties as in the Town of St. Michael's, only in the three last mentioned Towns the Penalty of 2 s. 6 d. per Night on Defaulters, is to be applied to the Use of the Poor of each Parish.

VI. The Vestries of the said Towns shall meet yearly on the third Monday in "January, and shall enquire into the Rents of Houses and Storehouses, and Value of such as are owned by Planters, that the fame may be known to the Constables and others concerned.

VII. No Merchant or Trader keeping Store-houses for their own Goods, not rented out, shall be obliged to fend more than one Man to the Watch. And Persons trading to the Island, not being Inhabitants thereof, who rent Houses or Storehouses for Sale of Goods imported, shall not be obliged to Watch, but the Landlords who let them, if to the Value aforesaid, shall send to the Watch.

VIII. The Constables of St. Michael's and Spights shall set their Watches every Night at Nine, and continue till Five in the Morning; and every Watchman shall obey the Directions of the Constables •, and if a Freeman neglect his Duty, he shall be bound over to the Sessions, and good Behaviour, and fined by Justices in Sessions; and if the Defaulter be not able to pay, or be a Servant, he shall suffer corporeal Punishment.

IX. The Constables in the said Towns of St. Michael's and Spights, from Nine to Five o’Clock, shall keep a strict Watch, and take up all lu-spected Persons, and in the Morning take them before a Justice, to be proceeded against according to Law. And if any Person shall be found breaking, or endeavouring to break open any House, or to .fire the fame, or by Force oppose the Constables and Watch, it shall be lawful to kill them, if they cannot be apprehended other-wile-, and if they escape, the Constables shall levy Hue and Cry after them. And the Constables and Watch shall prevent all Disorders in the Towns, according to the Laws of England and of the Island.

X. No Person in St. Michael's or Spights shall throw into any Street or Passage any Dung or Filth, on Penalty of 20 s. Halt to the Informer, and Half to the Poor. And the Justices, Constables, &c. are to take Notice, and inform against Offenders. Provided the Information be in 30 Days after the Offence.

rf LAlJjembly of Barbadoes. 4b 3

XI. The Number of Inhabitants in the Towns of Oijlins and the Hole being but few, cannot afford a sufficient Number of Constables, therefore the Watch shall take care from Nine o’Clock till Five and if they discover suspicious Persons, they shall acquaint the Constable or a Justice, who shall raise Force to prevent Disorders; but the Watch shall proceed no otherwise without a Constable or Justice present, and then they may proceed as in the Town of St. Michael’s.

XII. The Justices in Sessions shall appoint Constables, and enquire into the D icy of Constables, Watch, and Clerks of Marke., and pu-nish, not above 10l. and on Death of a Constable, two Justices shall appoint another in four Days.

XIII. The Justices of St. Michael and St. Peter shall appoint Places where the Dirt and Filth of the Town shall be laid.

XIV. Justices, Churchwardens, or Vestrymen neglecting their Duty required by this Law, shall forfeit 5 I. to the Use of the Poor of the Parish.

XV. Matrofles under Pay, and Serjeants in the fix Companies in St. Michael's, ate excused from watching.

XVI. Clerk of the Crown to attend Justices, and make Record of Proceedings had and done in pursuance of this Act.

mmfa.

N° 10. /’~'1 OODS or Commodities lying on V T any Wharf at Bridge. Town or Spights Bay above a Week, the Owner of the Goods shall forfeit for every Day above a Week 500 lb. of Sugar, to be levied by Warrant of two Justices, Half to the Informer, and Half to the Publick.

II. N°629. §4. No Person shall have Liberty to land or ftnp off Goods at other Mens Wharfs or Cranes, without the Owner’s Licence.

a2Mrrt)tf$ and s^eafutes.

N° 6. \ L L Traders and Shopkeepers shall

use Winchester Measure; and the Gauge of Casks, and Weights, and Numbers, as is used in the City of London; and whoever uses other Weights, Measures, Gauges, or Numbers, shall forfeit double the Value fold, and the Contract void.

II. A Table of true Weights and Measures, and Numbers used in England, shall be hung up in the Secretary’s Office, where all may repair to it, and view it.

III. N° 348. A Bushel of Indian or Guinea Corn or Bonavis, Pease, Beans, or other Pulse in the Husk or Shell, shall weigh 74 lb. Aver-dupoi-z, if thrashed or beaten our, 56$. like Weight; and whoever shall fell otherwise, shall forfeit the Goods.

IV. N° 622. All Salt imported shall be sold by Weight; that is to say, 84#. to the Bushel;

and

4^4- sfbridgment of the sicis of sijjembly of JBarbadoes.

and all Grain imported 56#. to the Bushel, except Oats, which shall be 38 lb. to the Bushel; and every Person felling otherwise, shall forfeit double the Value of the Goods fold.

SUritsi of

N° 12. A LL Writs of Error and Petitions f\, in Equity shall be determined by the Governor and Council, according to the ancient Custom of the Island.

II. N° 375. No Person shall fit as a Judge to determine Writs of Error, Petitions of Grievances, or Matters of Equity, until he hath taken the Oath prescribed in the Act, to be administered by the Governor.

III. The Governor shall take the fame Oath to his own Administration.

©HntitigA Jjoto to tie pjoticti.

N° 9. §1. A L L Deeds, Bonds, Powers of Xl Attorney, or other Powers in Writing, attested under the Seal of London, or

any other Town Corporate in England, shall be allowed of as if the Witnesses were present in Barbadoes.

II. §2. And such Attestation shall be sufficient for the Jury to give Verdict on, and for the Judges to proceed.

III. Provided no Execution shall be granted upon such Testimonies until the Plaintiff give Security in double the Value, and the Debtor have two Years time to disprove the Debt, and shall have the fame Advantages of Proof as the Creditor had, and have Power to bring before a Mayor or other chief Officer any collateral Proof by verbal Testimonies on Oath, or other circumstantial Proof, which being certified as aforesaid, shall disprove such Debt j but if not disproved in two Years, the Security shall be void; but so much as is disproved, the Plaintiff shall allow to the Defendant, with treble Damages.

IV. Second Provish; Creditors shall swear to their Debts before the Mayor or other chief Officer that grants the Certificate.

FINIS.

