ACTS

OF

ASSEMBLY,

Passed in the

ISLAND of JAMAICA;

From the YEAR 1681 to the YEAR 1768, inclusive.

In Two Volumes

VOL. II.

SAINT JAGO DE LA VEGA, JAMAICA:

Printed by LOWRY and SHERLOCK, Printers, Booksellers and Stationers.

M DCC LXXI

A

TABLE

OF THE

ACTS of Assembly of JAMAICA,

In the Annual Order they have been passed.

NOTE, Those only in Italick Character are the Titles of those Acts which are now in Force, and have accordingly Figures of Reference to the Pages where they are to be found; the others (in Roman Character) being either obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1755.

Page

AN Act to establish the credit of Foreign Bills of Exchange, by compelling the payment of Interest thereon after Judgment. 1

An Act to make the copy of Tolls of Negroes, or other Slaves Evidences, and to enlarge the Fee to be paid for entering Tolls of Negroes and other slaves in the Toll Books of the several Precincts of this Island. 3

An Act to revive, amend and perpetuate, an Act, intitled, An Act for assaying of Gold and Silver Wares and Bullion. 4

Publick Acts obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. - 1755.

An Act for making good several sums of Money expended in carrying on the Fortifications at Mosquito Point and Rock Fort, and for appropriating and applying several further Sums of Money to the Use of the same.

An Act appointing Commissioners to settle the Publick Accounts, and to look into the State of, and count the Cash in the Treasury, and to oblige the Receiver General to keep one General account of cash.

An Act for appointing John Sharpe, Esquire, Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other the Publick Affairs of this Island, and empowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for such his Management.

An Act to make the several Inhabitants of this Island, who did not provide themselves with a certain number of white Persons, on certain Days, in proportion to the number of their Slaves and Cattle, liable to pay certain Sums of Money to his Majesty, and to oblige the said Inhabitants to provide themselves with sufficient white Men, white Women or Children, or pay certain sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and to apply such Monies to several Uses; and to empower Thomas Mytin to sell and dispose of three Negro Slaves, part of the Estate of Edward Foord, deceased, to raise a sum of Money due to the Publick, and to compel the said Thomas Mytin to pay the same into the Receiver General’s Office

An Act for raising several sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses, for subsisting for one Year, the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which, George Walsh, Esquire, is colonel.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

---

An Act for removing the several Laws, Records, Rooks, Papers and Writings, belonging to the several Offices of Secretary of this I Hand, Cleric of the Supreme court of Judicature, Gleik.of the Crown,'Clerk of the Patents and Register in Chancery, and Provoll Marshal, from the Town of Saint Jagode la Vega to the Town of Kfiiglron, and to oblige the several Officers of the said several Offices, to hold and keep their respective Offices, with the respectiv« Records and Papers in the said Town of Kniglton; and also for holding the Supreme court of judicature in the said Town of Kingston, ior th~ future.

An Act app inting commissioners to enquire into and Hate what LciTes some of the Freeholders of Messuages and Tenements in the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, and the Lessees of such Frceholdeis may sustain, in the Value of their said Freth I«'S or ieased Premises, by the removal of the Supreme court of Judicature, and of the Publick Rcco.cL rrotn the said Town, to the Town of Kingston.

An Act to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the several infeuor coutts of Common Pleas.

An Act to appoint of to erect and build a House and On ces in the Town of King-flon, for tire ltfidence of the Governor of this liland; and to emp-w er the Justices and Vestry 10 all'efs and levy a Tax upon the Proprietors ol Uouli-j ,nd Land", Inhabitants and Traders in the said Town.

Publick Acts in Force. Pafifed Anno 1756.

Page

An Act to prohibit-the 'Importation of Sugars, Rsim and Molajfes, of the Gro wth of the French, Spanish, Dutch and DaniJJj colonies in America, into this If and; and Jcr preventing several Frauds committed by Pet fans trading to and from the Northern colonies. .4

An Act for explaining, amending amt rendering more effectual an Act, intitled, ".An Act to.secure the Freedom of Elections, anddi-reding the Proceedings in the choice ol Members to serve in AT-femblies in this island; to qualifiyPerlons elected to serve in-future-Assemblies in this island, and to a (certain who shall be deemed Mnlattoes for the future; and for preventing the fraudulent Practice of multiplying Votes at the Elections of Members to serve in

the AITembly of this island.’’ 7

, O1.

Publick Acts-obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1756.

An Act to make the feveraMnhabitants of this Island, who did not provide themselves with a certain Numt'er of-white Persons on certain. Days, in proportion to the number of their flaveg and cattle, liable to pay certain sums of Money to his Majesty; and to oblige the said Inhabitants to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, white Women or Children, or pay certain sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and to apply such Monies to several Uses.

An Act for Jaying a Duty .on Tonnage, and applying the same to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications, and for regulating the Duty of Gun Powder, payable on Tonnage by Virtue of an Act, intitled, " An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-" ceflors, for the Support of the Government of this island, and for reviving and perpetu-" ating the Acts and Laws thereof,"

An Act to oblige the Trustees of the Estate of Benjamin Hume, Esquire, some time his Majesty's Receiver General in this island, to pay Interest on the Debt due by the said Benjamin Hume, to his Majesty, on the 27th day of October, which was in the Year of our Lord one Thousand seven Hundred and Fifty.three, till the Principal and Interest of such Debt is paid off and discharged.

An Act to empower Robert Stirling, Esquire, his Majesty's Receiver General or the Receiver General for the Time being, to borrow a sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Fourteen Thousand Pounds, current Money of Jamaica, within the space of nine months, from the passing of this Act, at an Interest of Eight Pounds, per centum per annum, to pay off the sum of Five Thousand eight Hundred and Forty-eight Pounds, Fifteen shillings and one_ Farthing, expended in carrying on the Fortifications of Fort Augujla, (formerly called Muf-qvito Point,) and Rock Fo t, to the fitft day of January last, over and above what was ap-piopiiated for that Service, and to apply the further sum of Five Thousand five Hundred Pounds for carrying on the Fortifications of Fort Augujla, (formerly called Mujquito Point,) and the further Sum of Two Thousand Pounds for carrying on the Fortifications at Rock Fort.

An Act to empower the Receiver General to pay Interest on all Orders of Council already drawn on him that are unpaid, or which may be drawn upon him on account of the Sum of Twenty . fix Thousand seven Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, three Rollings and four Pence, due from the Publick, as also to pay certain sums of Money to certain Persons therein named.

An Act for granting an additional Salary to his Honor Henry Moore', Esquire, Lieutenant Governor and Commander in chief, during his Administration.

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

An Act for the sule of Flour by Weight.

An Act for the giving Licence to the Captors, other Proprietors and Purchasurs of Prize Goods brought into and condemned as such in this Island, to export the fame under certain Regulations, free from any Duties imposed by the Laws of this Island; and for the laying a Duty on certain Wines that may be brought in and condemned as Prize, and fold in this Island, and not already liable to any Dutyorlmpost.

An Act for the Relief and better Regulation of the Poor; and to oblige Mailers of Ships and other vessels to indemnify the llveral Parishe' of this Island, aruiinfl any charges and expences for ffipporting and curing their Tick, maimed or disabled Stame>.

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several Negro Towns, and for preventing them from put chafing of Haves.

An Act to give a Recompence to persons that shall be unjoflU- vexed by Writs of Replevin.

An Act ro iniitie ‘fohn Lojl, Stephen Lojl, Elizabeth Lojl, Richard Lojl and Robert Loji, the reputfd Sons end Daughter ol Stephen Lojl of the Paiifli of Saint Catherine, ut the Arid island. Merchant, by Mary Ricketts, a free Mulatto Woman, dectafed, to the same Rights and Privileges with Encl fh Subjeb.-. born of white Parents.

An r\ct for empovrering the Julti.es and Vestry of the Parishes of Westmoreland, Hanover and St. James, and other Parishes in the Sea coalts, to raise a 1 ax for hiring of white JVlen and Negroes, to be properly aimed, accoutred and provided with ammunition and provisions for Garrisons, and defence of the several Forts and foitifications (the Forts upon the Harbours ot Kingston, Port Royal and Port Antonio excepted )

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and other spirituous Liquors retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several Ul’es.

An AdtTdr "railing several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses, for subsisting for one Year, the Cfiicers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which, George IIaljh, Esquire, is colonel.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trade, Supercargoes and Mailers of Vessels in the Out-ports, and on Offices and Rents, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to veil Lands in Port Royal, in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for erecting an Hospital for the use of sick and invalid Seamen, belonging to his Majesty's Ships of War.

An Act to reverse the Sentence againli Thomas Kello, a. Prisoner in the Goal of Saint Jago de la Vega.

An Act for reviving and continuing, an Act, intitled, " An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, An /idt for the setling the Militia."

An Act for providing and maintaining a Sloop or Vessel of War, for the better-guarding and defending the Sea coasts of this Island.

An Act to encourage the Negroes in the several Negro Towni, to fit out Parties to reduce Rebellious and RunawsfyaSlaVes.

An Act for the Encouragement of George Abernathie, in his projection for railing Water, and applying the same torturn Water Mills for. grinding Sugar-canes in this Island.

An Act for establishing the.Fees of the Clerk of the Supreme court of Judicature of this Island, and the.Fees of the Attornies*of the said Court.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island, to provide themselves with, a sufficient number of white Men,.white Women or children, or.pay Certain sums of Money: in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses.

Publick Act in Force. Palled Anno 1757.

w , ?ago

An Act for ve/ling'Runaway saves not claimed by their Proprietors, within a certain Time, in his Majesty, to be employed in the service of the Publick. ,13

Publick Acts obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts.* — 1757.'

An Act for appointing Lovel Stanhope, Esquire,. Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other Publick affairs of this Island, and empowering certain Members of the Council and Assembty, during the intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for. such his management.

An Act for giving further time- to the of appointed or to be appointed by Virtue of an Act, entitled, " An Act to veil Lands in Port Royal in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for eiedting an Hospital for the use of sick and invalid Seamen belonging to his Majesty's ships of War, and to ascertain the Value of the said Lands.

An Act for raising several sums of M°ney, and applying the same to several Uses, for fuhfifting for one Year, the officers and soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which, George Waljh, Esquire, is colonel.-' i

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and other spirituous Liquors retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for the better regulating the Proceedings and establishing the Fees of the Surveyors. An Act for the setling mutual Debts one against the other.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island, to provide themselves with a sufficient

4

A TABLE of the

x'-

number of white Men, white Women or children, or pay certain sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; and to oblige the rarish of Saint David, to levy and pay in certain arrears of Deficiency; to give Freedom to Slaves deferring the Enemy; and to piottdf Freeholders on the Days of choosing Church-wardens and Vestry-men.

An Act for amending an Act, entitled, {c An Act for establishing the Fees of the clerk of the Supreme court of Judicature of this island, and the Fees of the Attornies of the said court, passed the last Sessions of Assembly; and for e crcafing the Fees of the said cleric of the Supreme couit mentioned in the said Act, and for clLblishing such Fees of the said Clerk of the Supreme court as are not yet established by the said Act.

An Act to enable the Justices and Vestry of Saint Thomas in the Vale, more effectually to repair the Highways in the said Parish, and the Highw.y leading from the said Parish to the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega.

An Act for raising a 'Fax by the Foil, anJ on Trade, Supercargoes and Mailers of Vessels in the Out-ports, hnd on Officers and Rents, anJ applying the same to fever.il Uses.

An Act to render more effectual, " An Act to en.ible Thomas Hope lilletion, Esquire, to take up a sufficient Quantity of Water for turning Mills for grinding Oi Sugar canes out of Hope River in the Pa ilh of Saint Andrew, and to convey the fame through the Lands of divers Persons to the Planta ion of the said Thomas Hope Kllet/sn, called Hope Plantation in the said Parish, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

An Act to enable Martin JVmams, Esquire. to t.-ke up a (ufficiem Quantify of Water to be conveyed from the channel or itiesm of Waicr mi (he Pa.ilh of Snine James, which joins upon uncultivated Land belonging to F/orentius Vajftll, Esquire, through the Lands of him the said Martin Williams, into the Plantation of mm the said Martin Williams Called Seven Rivers in the said Parish of Saint James for turning of Mills.

Publick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 1758.

Page

An Act for dividing the Island of Jamaica into three counties and for appointing Justices of Assize, and Oyer and Terminer in two of the Jdid counties. 14

An Act appointing a Book of Entries of the Judgments, VerdiHs, Assessments of Damages, Sentence^, Fines, Forfeitures and Amerciaments, recovered, assessed, pronounced and imposed at the courts of Assize, and Oyer and Terminer in the counties of Surry and Cornwall, to

be kept in the said counties. zi

An, AH to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of Trelawny Town, and to settle and allot One Thousand acres of Land for Accompong’j Town, and to ascertain the Boundaries thereof \ t2

An Act for the total Remission offeveral Debts due to the Publick, from divers of new settlers at Norman’s Valley, Manchioneal and Portland. 23

An Act for repealing an Act for the better and more ejf'eHual Encouragement of white Families, to become settlers in this Island, and for giving a Bounty to certain Artificers to come over and exercise their several Trades faster a certain time.) 2 5

An Act for the better regulating and ascertaining the Method of taking Bonds granted to his Majjiy, for Money arising or becoming due upon Escheats. 25

An Act for making the Port of Kingston, the Port of Savanna la Mar, and the ports o/’Montego Bay and Port Antonio, Ports of Entry

and Clearance for all Ships and Vessels, and to prevent the sinking of Wrecks and throwing Ballafi in any of the Roads or Harbours of this Island, and for repealing an Act, intitled. An Act for the more effectual carrying into Execution a clause in an Act, intitled. An Act for encouraging white People to come over and become Settlers in this Island, and for the more easy and speedy settling the North East Part thereof, for making Port Antonio a Port of Entry and Clearance of all Ships and Vetflels, 26

i

i'/r rj,

Publick

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

5

Publick Acts obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1758.

An Act to empower the Receiver General to borrow the fain of Six ThoufanJ Pounds upon Interest, for and towards the support and fubfiflance of the re-inforccment of his Majesty's Troops.

An Act for laying 1 Duty on all Wines, Rum and other Spirituous Liquors retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several TJfts.

An Act for remedying the Tnconveniencies which may arise from the number of Negro Huts and Houses built in and about the Towns of Saint ja.ro dcla Vega, Port-Royal and Kingston.

An Act for vesting in Trustees, a Toll to keep the Kerry and erect a Toll Gate/or Turnpike between Saint Catherine and Saint Andrew’s and taking up Runaway Negroes, for repairing a certain part of the road between Saint Jagod - la Vega in the Parish of Saint Catherine and Water House Savannah in the Parish of Saint Andrew, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for establishing the Fees of the Clerk of the supreme court of Judicature of this Island, and the Fees of the Attornies of the said court, and to empower the Assistant Judges to sign Writs.

An Act for raising feverJ sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses, for subsisting for one Year, the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which, George Waljh, Esquire, is colonel.

An Act for laying a Dufy on Tonmgc, and applying the same to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications, and for regulating the Duty of Gun-powder, payable on Tonnage by Virtue of an Act, intitled, " An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the support of the Government of this Island, and for reviving and perpetuating the Acts and Laws thereof."

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island, to provide themselves with a sufficient number of white Men, white Women or children, or pay certain sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses j to give Freedom to Slaves de-ferting from the Enemy; and to protect Freeholders on the Days of choosing Churchwardens and Vestry-men.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trades, Supercargoes and Matters of Vessels in the Out-ports, and on Offices and Houses, and also for laying a tax on certain Wheel carriages, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to ascertain the Value of Spaniili milled Money, and for rendering the Payment of Debts more certain.

An Act for appointing of for ordering and inspecting the Works in and about the Forts, Fortifications and Barracks of this Island.

An Act appointing Commissioners to settle the Publick Accounts, and to look into the State of, and count the Cash in the Treasury, and to oblige the Receiver General to keep one " General account of cash.

An Act to prevent any inconveniencies that may arise in regard to all Process issued or to be issued out of the Supreme Court, and returnable in the next November court, and to prevent any discontinuance of any c.iufe, matter or thing whatsoever now depending therein, and to enable the Judges of the said court to execu.e their several Offices under their present commission.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1759.

Page

An Act for erecting and appointing common Goals at the Town of Kingston, in and for the county of Surry; and at the Town of Savanna la Mar, in and for the county of Cornwall. 28

An Act to repeal part of an Act, intitled, An Act for vesting the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, deviled by the last Will and Tellament od Peter Beckford, Esquire, deceased, to the Poor of the Parish of Saint Catherinet in a Free-School, in the Town of Saint ffago de la Vegay and for erecting a Corporation for the better Government thereof. 20

Publick Acts obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1759.

An Act to augment the salary of his Excellency George Haldane, Esquire, and for providing certain Lands and Premises to be annexed to the Government for the Use of the Governor for the Time being.

An Act to render more effectual three several Acts, the one intitled, " An Act for appointing Lovel Stanhope, Esquire, Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other Publick affairs of this Island, and empowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for such his management}" one other Act, intitled, " An Act for vesting in Trustees, a VOL. II. [ B ] Toll

A TABLE of the

Toil to keep the Ferry, and < itdl a Toll-gate or Turnpike betw een Saint Catherine and Saint Andrew, and taking up Runaway Negroes, for repairing a certain part of the Road between Saint Jago de la Vega in the Parish of Saint Catherine, and Water House Savannah in the Parish of Saint Andrew, and other Purposes therein mentioned ;" and one oilier Act, intitled, " An Act for appointing Commissii ners for ordering and inl[edting the Works in and about the Forts, Fortifications and Barracks of this island."

An Act for granting an additional Salary to his Honor Henry Moore, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor and Commander in chief, during his Aduiiniitration.

An Act for the sale of Flour by Weight.

An Act to give a Recompence to Parlous that shall be unjustly vexed by Wiits of Replevin.

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several Negro Town t and for preventing them trom p irchafing ot Haves; and for encouraging the said Negroes to go in puifuit ol Runaway flavts.

An Act fi>r the Relief and better Regultiion of the Poor; and to oblige Matters of Ships and othei Vessels to indemnify the several Parishe of this island, against any charges and expences for supporting a: d curing their sick, maimed, infirm or disabled Seamen.

An Act for vesting certain f.ands. Tenements and Premises therein mentioned, in John Scott, Klquirn, and his Heirs, free and discharged from the Uses, Limitations and Trust in his Mari age Settlement contained, and for making a more certain and better Provision for the 1 flue ot said Mariiage.

An Act for raisi g fewrJ fjms of Money, and applying the same to several Uses, for subsisting for one Year, the officers and foK'.iers of the Rvgunent of Foot, of whi h, George JValJht Esquire, is colonel.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Sugars. Rum and MolaflTes, of the Growth of the French, Spanish, Dutch and Danish colonies in America into this island, and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons Hading to and from the Northern colonies,

An Act to repeal part of an Act, intitled, " An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves and also of one other Act, inti;led, " An Act to prevent the inticingor inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves, by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years; and for regulating the abuses committed by Slaves j" and also part of one other Act, intitled, " An Act to inflict further and other Punishments on the Transgressors of two several Acts," the one intit led, " An Act for the better Older and Government of Slaves." and the other intitled, " An Act to prevent the inticing’and inveigling of Haves from the Pcflefiors, and for the preventing the Transportation of slaves,by Mortgagers and Tenants fir Life and Years; and for regulating abuses committed by slaves, and for the more effectual preventing the inveigling, hiding, concealing or employing the slaves of others, and for rendeiing the Punishment of such Offenders more certain and effectual."

An Act for appointing of to carry into Execution, an Act, intitled, " An Act for credting a House or Edifice for the Use of the Council and Assembly, and for the better pre-fervirg of the Publick Records, and for the reception of the small Arms, and to add of to those already appointed by an Act, intitled, " An Act for appointing of for ordering and inspecting the Works in and about the Foits, Fortifications and Barracks of this island."

An Act for the sale of Madeira and other Wines, and other Liquors imported into this island,

in cask, by guage.

An Act for the sale of certain Lands in Liguanea, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, belonging to Henry Archbould, a Minor, Son and Heir, and Residuary Devisee of Henry Archbould, late of the said Parish, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the sum of Eight Thousand Pounds with Interest, devised by the Will of the said Henry Archbould, to his daughter Sarah Elizabeth Archboula, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and other spirituous Liquors retailed within this island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this island, to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, white Women or Children, or pay certain sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; to give Freedom to slaves deserting from the Enemy, and to protect Freeholder on the Days of choosing Churchwardens and Vestry-men.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trade, Supercargoes and Mailers of Vessels in the Out-ports, and on Offices and Houses, and also for laying a "Fax on certain Wheel-carriage , and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to add of to those already appointed for carrying on the Works in and about the Forts, Fortifications and-Barracks of this island, and to those already appointed for building, fii.ishing and repairing the Publick Edifice in Saint Jago de la Vega,

Publick Acts in Force. Patted Anno 1760.

Page

An Act to veji in Trust eesy a piece or parcel of Land, in the PariJI: of Saint Elizabeth, to be sold for the use of the said Parish, and with the Money arising from such sale> to purchase other Lands for the use of the Parsonage there. 29

An Act to encourage the breed of good and large Horses. 31

An

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

Fage

7

An Act for making a Turnpike Road, from that part of Pindar’s River called Graham's in the par if3 of Clarendon, to the King's Highway leading through Bodies Penn to Old Harbour in the par if3 of Saint Dorothy.

An Act for the better and more certain Recovery of Fines, Forfeitures and other Debts due to his Naje/ly.

An Act to repeal part of an Act, intitled, An Act to secure the Freedom of Elections, and directing the Proceedings in the choice of Members to ft rve in Aficmblics in this Island, to qualify Persons elected to serve in future Assemblies in this Island, and to ascertain who shall be deemed Mula toes for the future; and to obviate any Doubts that m.iy arise fYom the Consti uftion of the Oath by the said Act appointed ro be taken for the Qualification of Members returned to serve in the Afieinblies of this Island.

An Act to oblige the full ices and Vestrymen of everal Parifees in this If and, to build, repair, and keep in repair, Barracks, Magazines and Arsenals, in their respective Parifees.

An Act to establish the Probates of all Deeds and Conveyances, which have been proved and acknowledged in this If and, since the second day of October, in the Year of our Lord one Thousand /even Hundred and Fifty-eight, before Persons who had been appointed "Judges,- under an Act, intitled. An Act to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the several Inferior Courts of Common Pleas; and since the Repeal thereof, good and valid in that Respect only; as also to establish the Probates of all Deeds and Conveyances taken and acknowledged by Ju-fices of Assize, good and valid in that Respect only; and to establish certain Toll Books for the Parishes of Saint Dorothy and Saint Thomas in the Vale, as Records, '

An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits at Law.

An Act to remedy the Evils arising from irregular assemblies of saves, and to prevent their possessing arms and ammunition, and going from place to place without Tickets, and for preventing the Practice of O-beab, and to restrain Over jeers from leaving the Estates under their care on certain Days, and to oblige all free Negroes, Mulattoes or Indians to regifer their Names in the Vefry Books of the respective Parishes of this If and, and to carry about them the Certificate and wear the Badge ofy heir Freedom, and to prevent any Captain, Maser or Supercargo of any Vefel bringing back saves transported off the If and.

An Act to make Free several Negro and Mulatto slaves, as a Reward for their faithful Services in the late Rebellions,

33

42

46

47

50

52

52

57

Publick Acts obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1760.

An Act for nifing a Voluntary Party to suppress the present Rebellion in the Leeward Parishes of this Island.

An Act for appointing Level Stanhope, Esquire, Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other Publick Affairs of this Island, and empowering certain Members of the Council and Adembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasionshall be, to give Instructions for such his Management.

An Act for contmTnxr^san Act, intitled, " An Act for the further Regulation of the Service and Execution of PiocelVand the Returns thereof, and other Purposes relating to the service of Jurors, and rendering the fame a more equ.l Duty, and for the Proof of service of actions at the Suit of the Provost Marshal.

An Act for prevention of indebted Persons from departing this Island in the time of Martial Law, and to empower the Judges and Justices to exercise their several Offices in certain cases, and to empower the justices and Vestry, and Church-wardens, and Surveyors of Highways, to discharge their several Duties, and to enable Landlords to distrain for Rent, notwithstanding Martial Law.

An Act for enabling Alexander Gordon, to carry into Execution his projected improvement of Water Mills and Cattle Mills for grinding of Sugar-canes.

An

8

A TABLE of the

An Act for raising and fitting out Parties for suppressing the pit lent or any fu.uic uebtilion in this Island, during the continuance of this Act.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses, for subsist-imr for one Year, the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which, George Walfo, Esquire, is colonel.

An Act o enable the Judges of the Supreme court of Judicature, to issue a Venire and other Process for the next November court, and impowertng the Provost Marshal to execute the fame, notwithstanding the Martial Liw.

An Act for decla; ing and eftub.ifning RuLs and Articles of War.

An Act to intitle Anna Petronella Woodurt, bpim.e , a free Mulatto, to the same Rights rnd Piivilegrs with English Subject^ b rn of v. hite Persons.

An Act to enable ti.e Justices and Vestry of the Panlhes of Sainr Catherine and Saint M iy, n ore eft'ediu lly to repair the Highways in the said Paiiflies

1*11 Act for lajinga Duty on all Wines, Rum and oniti Ipmtuous Liquors retailed wi hin this island, and appl)ing the lame to several Ul’es; and for laying a further l ax oil Licences to l e granted foi the letailing of Wine ai d other Liquors.

An Act for the laic of Buttei, Soap, Caudles, Fallow, Rice and Bisket, by Weight, and not by ! nvoice.

An Act for keeping in repair, the Harbour of Kingston, and for regulating the mooring of t.hips in the Lid Harbour; and for enabling the Justices and Vtftriesof the Parishes of Pert Royal and Kingston, to eiect and build a Market or Markets in each of the said Towns.

An Act tovneoumge Perloris to keep Vessels, for tranlpmPng Goods about this Island, nd to prevent abuses being committed by the Malters cr Commanders of such Vessels, and to regulate Wharfingers and others shipping such Good

An Act to oblige the fiveial Inhabit, m> of this Island, to provide themselves with a sufficienfc number of white Men, white Women or children, or p iy certain sums of Money in case they shall he deficient, and applying ti e fame to several Uses; to give Freedom to Slaves deleting fom the Enemy j and to protect Freeholders on the D^ys of choosing Churchwardens and Vestry men.

An Act to oblige Persons in whose favour Judgments at Law have been or shall be obtained, and the Monies due thereon are satisfied, to enter Satisfaction on the Record of such Judgments-in a limited time after the debt and costs are so paid, and to oblige the Provost Marshal to discharge in his Books, all Writs of Execution and Venditioni lodged in his Office, upon a proper discharge being produced to him for that Purpose.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trade, Supercargoes and Mailers of Vessels in the Out-ports, and on Offices and Houses, and also for laying a tax cn certain Wheel-carriages, and applying the same to several Use^.

An Act for raising a Tax by a Duty on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, ascertained by stamps, and applying the same to several Uses.

Publick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 1761.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, intit led. An Act to oblige the Justices and Vestrymen of the several Parishes in this Island, to build, repair, and keep in repair, Barracks, Magazines and Ar-fenals in iheir respective Parishes.

An Act to repeal part of an Act, intitled. An Act to oblige the Justices and Vestrymen of the several Parishes of this Island, to build,

repair, and keep in repair. Barracks, Magazines and Arsenals in their respective Parishes, and to enable the Justices and ^eftrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary, to lay a Tax for raising the sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, to be laid out in paying for the Barracks already built at Puerto Maria and OracabeJJ'a; and for defraying the Expence of building a Barrack at ‘Jack's Bay in the said Parish.

An Act to prevent the Inco?iveniencies arising fro?n exorbitant Grants and Devises, made by white Persons to Negroes, and the Issue of Negroes, and to rest rain and limit J'uch Grants and Devises.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, intitled. An Act to remedy the Evils arising from irregularaflemblies of Slaves, and to prevent their possessing arms and ammunition, and going from place to place without Tickets, and preventing the Practice of Obeah, and to restrain Overseers from leaving the Estates under their care oncer-tain Days, and to oblige all free Negroes, Mulattoes and Indians, to register their Names in the Vestry Books of the respective Parishes

Page

58

59

60

of

ACTS of ASSE'M Bi. V

Page

of this Island, and to carry about them the Certificate and wear the Bad[>e of their Freedom; and to prevent any Captain, Master or Supercargo of any Vellfl, bringing back slaves transported olFthe Island. 63 An Act to make free a Negro Slave, named Jack, the property of Ft ter Thomas, of the Par If oj Saint lYFry, Pfar. ter, for his faithful Ser- vices to the Publick, 64

Publick Acts obfoletr, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1761.

An Act for the Subfifiance of the five indepeiulaiu Comp, nits of Soldiers lately arrived in this llLnd.

An Act for enabling "James Short, to c irry into Execution hi'- new invented Hydraulic Machine. An Act to explain and amend two ftvtr..l Acts of this Jfl nd, one intitled, " An Act for giving Licence to the Captors, other Proprietor «nd Purchasers of Prize Goods brought into and condemned as such in tins Island, to export the l.tme under certain Regulations, free from any Duties imposed by the Laws of this Island; and for laying a Duty on certain Wines that may be brought in and . onJ.mncd as Prize, and told in this Island, and not aheadv liable to any Duty or Impolt and the oche'r : n Act, intitled, " An Act to prohibit the Importation of Sugars, Ru n and Molasses, of the growth of the French, Spanish, Dutch and Danish colonies in America into this Island, and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons tra-’ing to and from the Northern colonies "

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses, for subsisting for one Yea’, the Officers and Soldiers ol ms Majesty’ 49^ Regiment of Foot.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabit ints of this Island,' to p.ovide themselves with a fufKcient number of white Men, white Women or children, or piy certain sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; to give Freedom to Slaves de-ferting from the Enemy; and to protect Freeholders. on the Days of choosing Churchwardens and Vettry men, and to ascertain who shall be deemed duly qualified to vote at such Electio.is.

An Act for raising a Tax by a Duty on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, ascertained by damps,

1 and ar plying the same to several Uses.

An Act for the better regulating the Proceedings and establishing the Fees of the Surveyors.

An Act to repeal part of an Act, intitled, 44 An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves;’.' and also one other Act, intitled, 44 An Act to prevent the inticing or inveigling of blaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Tr,infportation of Slaves, by Mortgagers an! Tenants for Life and Years; anJ for regulating the abiifes committed by Slaves;" and also part of one other Act, intitled, "An Act to >irfbdt further and other Punishments on the TianlgrdFocs, of two ievcral Acts," the, one inti:led, " An Act for the better Older and G veimnenc of Slaves," and the other intitled, An Act to prevent the inticin^ and inveigling of Haves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transpcrtation of slaves,by Mortgagers anJ Tenantsf. r L:re and Years; and for regulatii g abuses commitn d by Have's,’* and also one other Act, iniitled, " An Act to repeal pait’ of an Acr, intitled, 4-A 1 Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves," and also of one o.her Acr, intiled, " A Act to pr< vent the inticing and nveigling of Slaves fron-i the Pcfftflors, and for the pr< venting t! e Trr.nfportairo i of Slaves by Mortgagers anJ Tenants for Life and Ye«rs, and for regu-la ing abides d<-niir.iued- by slaves," and If'. part of one other Act, intirled, ."’An Act t inflict fu'iher ml other Punishrmnt on the 1 lanfgreflors of two several Acts, the one intitled, 14 An Act toi the better Order and Government of Slaves," and the other intitled,

" An Act Co prevent the Inticing and Inveigling ot Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Tran (portal ion of Slaves by Matgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for rcQuIa ing ahufe> commuted by SLves, and for the mote effectual preventing the inveig-iing, !iiuing, concealing or employing the fl.ives of others, and for rendering the Punishment of such Offenders more certain and effcilu .i; and for the speedy and more cffedfual Pu-nifli nent of Persons hiding, concealing, inveigling, detaining, knowingly harbouring, or employing the Slaves of otheis."

A11 A.it to rifliain the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Thomas in the East, from working any Carriages of Burthen but wi-i btoad Wheels, on cc*tain Roads 111 the said Parish.

An Act to intitle John Elletfon and Dorothy Ellet/on, free Mulattoes, reputed Children of John Eiletfon. late of the Parish of Saint ’ihomas in the East, Esquire, deceased, by Jane Harris, a free Mulatto Woman, to the fame Righ.s-nd P,ivi;eges with English Subjects born of white Parents, under certain rettridlions.

An Act to iniitie Eleanor Clifford, hrlary Clifford, Frances Clifford, Martha Clifford, John Cliffoid and Thomas Clifford, tire Mulattoes, icputed children of John Cliffotd, of the Pdriihjjt S. int Catherine, Gentlemen, by Phabe Forord, a fiee Mulatto Wom-n, to the same Rights and F1 ivileg.es v.itii English Sufi els boinof white Parents, under certain rettridlions.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and other fpuituous Liquors retailed within this island, and applying the same to several Uses; and for laying a further Tax 011 Licences to be granted for the retailing of Wine and other Liquors.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trades, Supercargoes and Matters of Vessels.in the Out-ports, and on Offices and Houses, and also for laying a tax on certain Wheel-car--• napes, and applying the same to several Uses.

VOL. II. [ C ]

An

A TABLE of the

L

io

An Act for raising and fitting out Parties for suppressing any Rebellion in this Island, during the continuance of this Act.

An Act appointing Commissioners to settle the Publick Accounts, and to look into the State of, and count the Cafii in the Treasury, and to oblige the Receiver General to keep one General account of Cash.

An Act for establishing and declaring Rules and Articles of War.

O ' O

An Act for laying a Duty on Tonnage, and applying the same to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications, and for regulating the Duty of Gun Powder, payable on Tonnage by Virtue of an Act, intitled, An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-" cefiors, for the Support of the Government of this Jilan 1, and for reviving and perpetu- " ating the Acts and Laws thereof."

An Act to borrow a certain Sum of Money by a Lo tery, for the regular Payment of his Majesty's Forces in this Island, and other Exigencies of the Government.

An Act to intitle Dugala Clarke, a free Mulatto Man, the reputed Son of Robert Clarke, late of the Parish of Hanover, Esquire, deceased, to the Lrrle Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents, under certain restrictions.

f*ublick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 1762.

Pag«

An Act for •vesting in Trustees certain Tolls, to keep the Ferry, and erebl Toll-gates or Turnpikes on the several Roads leading from Saint jago de la Vega, to Passage-Fort, in the Parish of Saint Caherine, and to the extreme Fart of Water-House Savannah, nearest to Halfway Tree, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, for repairing and keeping in repair the fa'td Roads and other Purposes therein mentioned. 64 An Act for (intending and keeping in repair, a Road leading from Pep-- per Plantation over Mayday Hills in the Parish of Saint Elizabeth; to Saint Jago Plantations in the Parish of Clarendon; and for vejl-ing in Trustees, the Toll raised by a Turnpike on the said Mayday Hills for the Purposes aforesaid. (9

An Act to veil a certain Parcel of Land, situate, lying and being in the Parsh of Saint Andrew, in the.present Church-warden or Churchwardens of the Parish of Port*R®ya1, or the Church-warden or Church-wardens of the said Parish for the Time being, for the TJfe of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Port-Royal, agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of Letters Patent granted by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, to Joseph Hunt, his Heirs and Successors, formerly Church-warden of the said Parish; and to enable the present Church-warden or Church-war dens of the Par if of Port-Royal, or the Church- warden or Church-war dens of the said Pariffor the Time being, to maintain or defend any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity, for Recovery of the fame, or any Part or Parcel thereof. 73

Publick Acts obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1762.

An Act to augment the Salary of his Excellency William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire.

An Act to prevent discontinuance of Procef?, by reason of the Martial Law.

An Act to empower the Receiver General to borrow the sum of Three Thousand nine Hundred and Eighty one Pounds, One shilling and Six-pence, upon Interest, for the Uses within mentioned.

An Act for providing Two Thousand Negroes, for the Immediate service of his Majesty.

An Act to explain and amend two several Acts of this Island, one intitled, " An Act forgiving Licence to the Captors, other Proprietors and Purchasers of Prize Goods, brought into and condemned as such in this Island, to export the fame under certain regulations, free from any Duties imposed by the Laws of this Island, and for laying a Duty on certain Wines that may be brought in and condemned as Prize, and fold in this Island, and not already liable to any Duty or Impost," and the other an Act, intitled, te An Act to prohibit the Importation of Sugars, Rum and Molasses, of the Growth of the French, Spanish, Dutch and Danish colonies in America into this Island, and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern colonies.

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, intitled, " An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island, ta provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, white Women or Children, or pay certain sums of Money n case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Ufesj to give Freedom to Aavcs deferring from the Enemy, and to protest

Free*

1

V J

ACTS of~~A S S E M B L Y. n

Freeholders oil the Days of choosing Church-wardens and Vestry-men, and to ascertain who shall be deemed duly qualified to vote at such Elections."

An Act to intitle Robert Penny and Lucy Penny, reputed children of Robert Penny, late of the Parish of Saint Catherine, Esquire, deceased, by Ann Forord, a free Mulatto Woman, deceased, to the same Rights and Privileges with Lnglish Subjects born of white Parents, under certain Restrictions.

An Act for the Relief and better Regulation of the Poor; and to oblige Mailers of Ships and other Vessels to indemnify the several Parishes of this 1 (laud, against any charges and expences for supporting and curing their sick, maimed,' infirm or disabled Seamen.

An Act for enabling "John Greenbill Yonge, to carry into Execution his projected improvement of Water Mills and Cattle Mills, for grinding of Sugar-cnrics.

An Act for declaring and establishing Rules and Articles of War.

An Act for raising and fitting out Parties, for suppressing any Rebellion in this Island, during the continuance of this Act.

An Act for the fate of Madeira and other Wines, and other Liquors, imported into this Island, in Calk by Gauge.

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several Negro Towns; and for preventing them from purchasing of Haves; and for encouraging the said Negroes to go in pursuit of Runaway Haves.

An Act for raising several sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses, for subsisting for one Year, the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's 49th Regiment of Foot.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island, to provide themselves with a sufficient number of white Men, white Women or children, or pay certain sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; to protest Freeholdeis on the Days of choosing Church-wardens and Vestry-men, and to ascertain who shall be deemed duly qualified to vote at such Elections.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several Uses, and for laying a further Tax on Licences to be granted for the retailing of Wine and other Liquors.

An Act for raising a Tax by a Duty, on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, ascertained by stamp«, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to make good divers Deeds, Writings and Proceedings in Law and Equity, and to obviate certain Doubts in the construction of two several Acts respectively, intitled, " An Act for raising a Tax by a Duty on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, ascertained by stamps, and app'ying the same to several Uses."

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trade, Supercargoes and Matters of Vessels in the Out-ports, and on Offices and Houses, and also for laying a Tax on certain Wheel-carriages and applying the same to several Uses; and to enable the Receiver General to proceed With all French Prices iri all Respects as he is by Law enabled to do with Sparnfii prizes.

t

Publick A & in Force. Passed Anno 1763.

An Act for making Free a Negro Man Slave, named Jack Pearson, belonging to the Estate of William Rickets, Esquiret deceased.

An Aid to enable the Affiant Judges to fgn Writs, in Case of Disability or Absence of the Chief Justice; and for regulating the Ad-mission and Co partner flips of Attornies in this Island,

Page

75

75

Publick A<fls obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — -1763.

An Act for the prevention of indebted Persons from departing this Island; in the Time of Mar-_.tial Law; and to empower the fudges and Justices to exercise their several Offices in certain Cafes; and to impower the Justices and Vestry, and Church-wardens and Surveyors of Highways, to discharge ther several Duties; and to enable Landlords to distrain for Rent, notwithstanding Martial Law.

An Act to intitle Milbe John/on, of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Catherine Johnfan, his Wife, and Maty Elizabeth 'johnjon, Daughter of the said Milbe Johnson, free Mulattoes, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects, born of wh.te Parents, under certain Restrictions.

An Act for establishing andldeclaring Rules and Articles of War.

An Act to give a Recompence to Persons that shall be unjustly vexed by Writs of Replevin.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island, and for laying a further Tax on Licences to be granted for the retailing of Wine and ether Liquors, and for laying a Tax on Super-cargoes, and on the Publick Officers, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to encourage the Cutters of and Dealers in Mahogany of the growth of this Island, and to prevent the fraudulent Exportation of foreign Mahogany from this Island, as and for Mahogany of the growth thereof, and to lay a Duty upon all Mahogany imported into this Island,-from the French, Spanish, Dutch and Dar. (h colonies in Amtrieaf in British Bottoms,

As!

A TABLE of the

An Act to oblige the fevci?.l Inh.biian.s of this Island, to provide ihcmlelves with a sufficient number of white Men, white Women or Children, or pay certain Sums of Money in case the) shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; to protect Freeholders on the Daj s of choosing Church-v ardens and Vilhy-mui, and to ascertain who shall be deemed duly qualified to vote at such Elections.

An Act to limit the Duration of the several Courts of Justice in this Island.

An Act for eflabhlhirg the Fees of the Cleikof the Supreme t ou t of Judicature, of this Island, and tllablishing the Fees of the Chits Justice and Atton.ies on all Judicial Writs.

An Act to in title Sarah Monis of the Patish of Kingston, a free (fuaclron Woman, and Charlotte Stilling, reputed Daughter of Robert Stirling, late of the lame PI cc, Et'quire, deceased, by the said Sarah Morris, to the same Rights and Pr.vileges with English Subjects, born of white Parents, under certain Ktfttidlions.

An Act to intitle Charles Price, a Iree Mulatto Man, to the fa ne Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Patents, under certain Restrictions.

An Act for appointing of for otdeting and mfpedling the Works in and about the Forty, Foitilicalions; nd Barracks of this Ifiant.

An Act for raising aid fitting out Parties for supprtfling any Rebellion in this island, during the continuance of this Act.

An Act to appoint of Correspondency, to dirtdl the Management of the Public atoms ol this Island, in Great Britain.

An Act for raisi .g fever.l Turns ot Money, and applying tic fame to several Uses, for subsisting for one Year, the uffi.eis ar.U soldiers of his M.j-ity’s 4 nth Regiment of Foot.

t

Publick Acts in Force. PaiTed Anno 1764. ’

Pag«

An Act for making Free a Negro Man Slave, named Cato, belonging to Arthur Forrelt, Esquire. 76

An Act to explain and enlarge Part of an Act of the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, intitled, An Act to pre- '

vent the Abuses committed by entertaining, concealing or carrying off any 0} his Majesty s Soldiers, any white Men or Women Servants, or Slaves without Tickets, and for the better regulating Servants and deciding Differences between Mailers and Servants, and to prevent the Sale of Amis and Cloaths by Soldiers and Deserters. t 77

An Act to repeal ,a Clause in an Act, intitled. An Act for obliging the Justices and Vefry of the Parff of Saint Mary, to mcke good certain Defcitncies to the Pubic, and for altering the Day for electing Peflry men and Church-wardens in the said Parish, and to appoint a Day in each Tear for the choofwg Peltry-men and other parochial Officers in the said Par iff. 78

Publick Acts oblblete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1761*

An Act to intitle John Jl'iUiatu Hicks, a free Qtiadron, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Su' jedls born of wii te Patents, under certain Relhidl ons.

An Act for revetting a certain Parcel of Land in the Patifli if Westmoreland, in h:s Majesty, in order to enable him to re-grant the f me to John Ellis, Esqutte, under certain Conditions.

An Act for laying a Du y on T onmge, and applying the same to the Use of the Fort’ and Fortifications, and for tegulating lhe Duty of Gun-powder, payable on Tonnage by Virtue of an Act, intitled, " An Act for granting a R» venue to his Majesty, his Heiis and Succcf-lors, for the suppoit.of the Government of this Island, and for reviving and perpetuating the Acts and Laws thereof "

An Act for appointing Stephen Fuller, Esquire, an Agent in Great Britain, to so’icit the pnf-sing of Laws, and other publick affaii: of this Island, and empov.eiing ceit; in Members of the Council and Affeinbly, during the intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Orcafton shall be, to give Inflate tions for such his management; and to repeal in Act, intitled, An Act to appoint Commissioi.ers of Conefpondency, to direct the Management of the Put lick affairs of this Island, in Great Britain."

An Act ler appointing of tofetilc the Publick accounts, and look into the state of, and count the Cash in the Treasury, and to oblige the Receiver General to keep one General Account cf Cadi.

An Act for raising and fitting out Parties, for lupprcfling any Rebellion in this Island, during the continuance of this Act.

An Act to limit the Duration of the several Courts of Justice in this Island.

r

Publick'

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

y '

Publick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 17664

Page

An Act to enable the f if ices and Vellry of the Par foes of Saint Catherine and Saint Mary, more effectually to repair the Highways in the said Par foes. 79

An Act to repeal Part of an Act, intit led, An Act for the better Or- der and Government cf Slaves; and also one other Act, intitled An Act to prevent the Inticing or Inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves; and also Part of one other Act, intitled. An Act to inflid further and other Punishments on the Transgressors of two several Ad-C, the one intitled. An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and the other intitled. An Act to prevent the Inticing and Inveigling of Slaves, from the Possessors, and for preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves; and also one other Act, intitled, An'Ad to repeal Part of an Act, intitled. An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and also one other Act, intitled. An Act to prevent the Inticing or Inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and and for preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves; and also Part of one other Act, intitled. An Act to inflid further and other Punishment on the Transgressors of two several Acts, the one intitled. An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and the other intitled. An Act to prevent the Inticing and Inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves; and for the more effectual preventing the inveigling, hiding, concealing, Gr employing the Slaves of others, and for rendering the Punfoment cf such Offenders more certain and effectual, and for the speedy and more effectual Punishment of Persons hiding, concealing, inveigling, detaining, knowingly harboring, or employing the Slaves of others. 8r

An Act to vef certain Parcels of Land, ftuate, lying and being in the Parish of Saint Catherine, in the fufiices, Vc/lry-men and Churchwarden or Church-wardens of the said Parfo, and the Jup ices

Vefry-men and Church-warden or Church-wardens of the said Parfo for the Lime being, for the Use of the Inhabitants of toe said Parfo, and to enable the present "justices, Vejlry-men and Churchwarden or Church-wardens of the said Parfo, or the lufices, Vef-try-men, Church-warden or Church-wardens for the Lime being, to maintain or defend any Suit or Suits at Law, or in Equity, for the Recovery of the fame, or any Part or Parcel thereof, and to make Lcates of Part of the said Lands, for the Use of the said Parfo. 94 An Act to refrain the working Carriages of Burthen, within the Pa-rfoes of Saint Dorothy and Clarendon, but with broad Wheels on the Highways in the said Par foes. 97

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes, belonging to the several Negro-Towns, and for preventing them from fur chafing of Slaves, and for encouraging the said Negroes to go in Pur/uit cf Runaway Slaves. 98

An Act for the Relief and better Regulation of the Poor, and to oblige Vol. II. [ D J Masters

1+

A TABLE of the

•Masters of Ships a?id other Vessels to indemnify the Jeojeral Parishes of this If and againf any Charges and Exfci.ccs jor jvpporting and curing their Jick, maimed, i?ifir?n or disabled Seamen. ioo

An Act to enable the fuf ices'amt Ve(lry of Saint The mas in the Vale, mor.e effectually to repair the Highways in the said Parish f and ihs Highway leading from the said Parish to the Town of Saint Jagode la Vega. ‘ *02

Publick Acts obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1766.

An Act to intitle John Donaldjon, of the Par ifh of Clarendon, in the I Hand of Jamaica, a free Mulatto Mr.n,_io the fame R ights and Pr.yileges with English Su JcT born of white Parents, under certain Rest fictions.

An Act to make void, all Bills, Bonds, Mortgages, Judgments, Recognizances, Fines and Amerciaments,Tnd all and every other Writings obligatory whatsoever, whereon noPuyment hath been or shall be made, or which have not been or shall not be legally demanded wiihia the Ipace of Twenty-one Years, from the Time they respectively became or shall become due, or from the last Payment then.cn.

An Act to inflict Anther Punishment on Persons receiving Stolen Goods, knowing them to be Stolen.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within-this Iftnnd, and for laying a further Tax on Licences to be granted for the retailing of Winer anJ other Liquors, and for laying a Tax on Super-cargoes, and on the Publick Officers, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for the prevention of indebted Persons from departing this Island, in the Time of Martial Law; and to empmver the Judges and Justices to exercise their several Offices in certain Cafes;, and to impower the Justices and Vestry, and Church-wardens and Surveyors of Highways, to discha’rge their several Duties; and to enable Landlords to distrairi for Rent, notwithstanding Martial Law.

An Act foj^jestablishing and declaring Rules and Articles of War.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, inlitled, " An Act to augment the Salary of his fixcellency George Haldane, Esquire, and for providing certain Lands and Premises to be annexed to the Government, for the Use of the Governor for the Time being."

An Act for granting an additional Salary to his Honor Roger Hope Elletfon, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief, during his admimitration

An Act for setting Mutual Debts one against the other.

An Act to iniitle France's Freeman Ripley, Cleopatra Freeman Ripley, Susannah Freeman Ripley, Ann Freeman Ripley, Maty Freeman Ripley and Elizabeth Freeman Ripley, the reputed Daugft-ters of John Ripley, of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Gentleman, by Emma Freeman, a tree Negro Woman, and Henry Freeman Ripley, the reputed Son of the said John Ripley, by the said Emma Freeman, and William Gibson, the reputed Son of James Gibson, of the Parish of Kingston, Pastry-cook, by the said Cleopatra Freeman Ripley, to the same Rights and Pi Alleges with Eng'ilh Subjects born of white Parents, under certain reftiiftions.

An Act to intitle Elizabeth Fickle, a free Mulatto Woman, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Sut-jests born of white Parents, under certain Restrictions.

An Act to intitle Elizabeth Dishn, of the Parish of Kingston, in the county of Surry, in the said Island, a free Mulatto Woman, and Ann Cojley, Mary Cojley, John Cojley, JC chard Ccjlcy and Peter Cojley, the . reputed Sons and Daughters of John Cojley, Esquire, by the ffijd Elizabeth Diston, to the same Rights and Privileges with Lnglish Suojefts burn of white Parents, under certain Restriction?.

An Act to intitle Frances Willey, of the Parish of Saint Andrew, a free Mulatto Woman, and Mary Willey, the Daughter of the said Frances JVilley., begotten by William Willey, in Wedlock, and Charlesr M'GlaJhan and Jean M GlaJhan, the reputed Son and D .ugi.ter ot Dune.ms M'Glapoan, Praftitjoner in Physick and Surgeiy, by the said Mary JJ'iiley, to he Line Eights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents, under certain Refi.iftaons.

An Act for raising several sums of Money, and appb ing the same to several Uses, for subsisting the Officers and.Soldiers of his Majesty's 36th and 66th Regiments of Foot.

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several Negro Towns, and for preventing them from purchasing of slaves; and for encouraging the said Negroes to go in pursuit of Runaway slaves.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island, to provide themselves with a sufficient number of white Men, white Women or children, or pay certain sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; to protect Freeholders on the Days of chocfing Church-wardens and Vestry-men, and to asceruin who shall be oiecmcj duly qualified to vote at such Elections.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trade, Supercargoes and M afters of VcSt Is in the Out-ports, and on Horse«, and r.!so for laying a Tax on certain Wheel-cairing^L ai.J applying the same to (ever., 1 Ul'cs.

An Act for r.iifing and fitting out Parties for suppressing any Rebellion in this Island, during the continuance of this Act.

An Act for ruifi g several sums of Money, and applying the same to Lvcral Uses, for subsisting

Ssr

ACTS of A S 2 £ M B L Y.

for one Year, the fJiiceis and folci’urs of his Majesty's 36 h nf 66th Regiments of Foot. An Act to oblige the several Inhabit i ts of this bland, to p;ovidc themselves w'th a sufficient number of white Men, white Women or children, or p iy certain sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying t1 e fame to several Uses, to protect Freeholders on the Days of rheefing Church-wardens anl Vestry men, and to . /certain who shall be deemed duly qualified to vo e at such Elections.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wiiks, Rum and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island, and for laying a further 1 ax on Licences to be granted for the retailing of Wine and other Liquors, and for laying a fax on Super-cargoes, and on the Publick offices, and applying: the same to several Uses; to continue for a certain Time, two several Acts passed tiic h.ft Session of Artembly, the one inti 1 led, " An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this IfLnd, to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, white Women or Children, or pav certain firms of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the lame to several Uses; to protect Freeholders on the Days of choortng Churchwardens and Vf ftry-men, and to ascertain who shall be deemed duly qualified to vote at such Elections," and the other, intitled, " An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trades, Supercargoes and Masters of Vessels in the Out-ports, and on Houses, and also for laying a tax cn certain Wheel-carriages, and applying the same to several Uses."

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1767.

Page

An Act to limit the Duration of the federal Courts of fuflice in this Island, and to enable one fudge of the Supreme Court of 'Judicature, and one fujlice of the Courts of Assize of the Counties of Surry and Cornwall, to open and adjourn the said Courts respectively. 103

An Act to vejl a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in the Par if of Saint Dorothy, in Trustees, for the TJfe of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and for vesting a certain Piece of Foot‘land in John Spencer; and to impower the fu/lices and Vestry of the said Pdrift)

of Saint Dorothy to raise a Tax upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, for certain Purposes. 104

An Act for making free and rewarding two Negro Men Slaves, the one named York, belonging to the Rflate of Ballard Beckford, de-reefed, and the other named CufFee, belonging to James Charles Sholto Douglas, Rfquire, and for paying to their Owners their re-fpcHive Values. ' 107

An 4tl to vacate and make void an Agreement made between the Honorable C harles Price, the’ Rider, Rf quire, and the Commissioners appointed by an Act, intitled. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Tolls to keep the Ferry, and to erect Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the several Roads leading Irom Saint Jago de la Vega to Pafage Fort, in the Parish of Saint Catherine, and to the extreme Pan'of Water House Savanna, nearest to Halfway Tree, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, for repairing and keeping in repair the said ^oads, and other Purposes therein mentioned -, and to repeal such Part of said Act as relates ^thereto; and to oblige the Pariftes of Saint Catherine and Saint Thomas in the Vale, to lay a Tax upon the Inhabitants of the said Pariftes, for raifng the Sum of Seven Hundred Pounds, to be puff into, the Treasury, to make good so much Money ordered to be paid to the, said Charles Price, the Rider, Rfquire. 108 An Act for vesting certain Rands and Premises, in the Parish of Cl a- ‘ rendon, in Trusteesto be by them leased, or sold for the Use of the fid P drift. Ilo

An Act for building a Bridge ever the Rio Cobre. .112

An Act for the better discovering and collecting the Arrears of his Majesty's Quit-Rents, and for the more elseHual collecting the Quit-Rents hereafter to become due. 114

Publick

A TABLE of the

I

Publick Acts cbfolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1767.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and other fpiiituous Liquors retailed within this Island, and for laying a further 'l ax on Licences to be granted for the retailing of Wine and ether Liquors, and for laying a Taxon Supercargoes, and on the Publick Officers, and applying the lame to several Uses.

An Act for appointing Stephen Fuller, Esquire, 2n Agent in Great Pritain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and ^ranfnOting in Great Britain, other publick affairs of this Island, and empowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion Hull be, to give Instructions for such his management.

An Act to oblige the several C'ollediing conftalles of the respective Parishes of this Island, in a summary Manner, to p.y over the Parochial Taxes into the Hands of the respective Church \V ardens.

An Act for laying a Duty on Tonnage, and applying the same to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications, and for regulating the Duty of Gun-powder, payable on Tonnage by Virtue of an Add, intitled, " An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the support of the Government of this Island, and for reviving and perpetuating the Acts and Laws thereof."

An Act for enabling the Honorable Francis Cooke, Esquire, to carry into Execution his new invented Cattle Mill, for grinding of bugar-canes.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island, to provide themselves with a sufficient number of white Men, white Women or Children, or pay certain Sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; to protect Freeholders on the Days of choosing Church-wardens and Veitry-men, and to ascertain who shall be deemed duly qualified to vote at such Elections.

An Act for raffing a Tax by the Poll, and on Trades, and also for laying a Tax on certain Wheel Carriages, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for veftirg in Trustees, several Messuages and Tracts of Land, part of the Estate of Ballard Beckford, Esquire, deceased, in Trust, to sell and dispose of the fame for Payment of the Debts of the said Ballard Beckford, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for raffing several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses, for subsisting for one Year, the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's 36th and 66th Regiments of Foot, and to enable the Justices and Vestry of some of the inland Parishes of this Island, toeredt or build a convenient House for the carrying on of the Parochial and Public Business of the said Parishes, and for paying for the same out of the Parochial Taxes,

Publick Acts in Force. Patted Anno 1768.

Page

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have neglected to give in an Account of the Lands which they hold liable to pay gfuit-Rents to his Majesty, according to the Directions of an Act of the Lieutenant* Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, faffed the last Sessions of Afficmbly, intitled, An Act for the better discovering and collecting the Arrears of his Majesty's Quit-Rents, and for the more effectual collecting the Quit-Rents hereafter to become due. 125

An Act for the P revention of indebted Persons from departing this Island in the Lime of Martial-Law, and to impower the fudges and 'Justices to exercise their several Offices in certain Cafes; and to impower the Justices and Vefry, and Church - wardens and Surveyors of Highways, to discharge their several Duties j and to enable Landlords to difrain for Rent, notwithstanding Martial-Law. 126

An Act to give a Recompence to Pay on s that shall be unjufly vexed by Writs of Replevin. 128

An Act to repeal Part of an Act, intitled, an Act for eroding, efablffi-ing and regulating a Free School in the Parffi of Westmoreland, in this Island, and for enforcing the last Will and Lef ament of Thomas Manning, decea/ed, and for the better anJ more effectual carrying the said Act into Execution; and for the Prevention of Damages that may arise by Fire in the Town of Savanna la Mar, in the J'aid Parish oj Westmoreland. igo

An Act to repeal Part of an Act, intitled, An Act for rendering the several Donations which have been given and bequeathed to the Use

of

ACTS of ASSEMBLY

of the Poor of the Parish of Vere, in the said Island more ufLful, and for erecting and endowing a Free School in the said Parish; and for the better and more effectual carrying the said Act into Execution. 133

An Act directing in 1what Manner the Lands of Absentees, not paying Quit- Rents, and having not Afets in this If and, whereon to dislrain,

shall be forfeited and regranted, and for the further securing his Majesty s Quit-Rents. I 3 5

An Act to oblige the several Collecting-Confables of the respective Parishes of this Island, in a Jummary Manner to pay over the parochial Paxes into the Hands of the respective Church-wardens. 139

An Act for the more effectual preventing Negroes and other Slaves from deserting jro?n their Owners, and departing from this Island in a clandestine Manner, and to punif such Persons as fall be aiding, aff fling or abetting such Slaves in their Escape. 141

An Act for the further Regulation of the Provost-Marsha! s Proceedings in the Sale of A egro and other Slaves taken by Virtue of Writs oj Venditioni Exponas. 143

An Act to inflidl further Punishment on Persons receiving Stolen Goods, knowing them to be Jtolen. 144

An Act for making fix several new Plat Books, for the Parifes of Sfint i'homas in the Fail:, Saint David, Saint Dorothy, Vere,

Saint James, and Saint Ann, which have been lately transcribed by the Clerk of the Patents, legal Evidence in all C ourts; and for ‘| the better preserving the public Records in the Offices of Regifer of the Court of Chancery and Clerk of the Patents in this If and 145

An Act to refrain the Inhabitants of the Paris of Westmoreland, in the County of Cornwall, m thi> If and, from working any Carriages of Burthen but with broad Wheels on the Roads in the said Paris. 147 An Act for the further regulating oj the Service arid Execution of Process, and the Returns thereof, and other Purposes relating to the Service of jurors, and rendering the fame a more equal Duty. 148

Publick Acts obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — -1768.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses, for fubflfting for one Year, the Officers and oldiers of his Majesty's 3^ th and 66th Kepi merits of Foot. An Act for granting an additional Salary to h s Excellency Sir William Trelawny, Bart. Captain General, Governor and Commander in Chief, from the Time of his Arrival in this Island, during his Xdministration.

An Act for laying .1 Duty on all Wines, Rum and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island, and for laying a further Tax on Licence:, to be granted for the retailing of Wine and other Liquors, and for laving a Tax on Supercargces, and on the Publick. Offices, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trades, Supercargoes and Matters of Vessels in the Qut-ports, and on Offices and Houses, and also for laying a Fax cn certain Wheel Cat-riages, and applying the lame to several Uses.

An Act for laying a Duty on Tonnage, and applying the same to the Use of the Fo’ ts and Fortifications, and for regulating the Duty of Gun Powder, payable on Tonnage by Virtue - of an Act, imiiled, £' An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue-w cessors, for the Support of the Government of this Island, an 1 for reviving and perpetu-" ating the Acts and Laws thereof, and to enable the Receivei-General to import and pur-‘c chafe Gun Powder uiid.r ctrtam Regulations."

An Act for the Sale of Butter, So,p, Candles, Tallow, Rice and Bisket, by Weight, and not by Invoice An Act for the Sale of Flour by Weight.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for ordering and inspeAing the Works in and about the Forts, F01 tifications and Barracks of this Island.

An Act for authnrifing, requiring and compelling the Justices and Vestry of the Parishes of Saint James, Saint Mary and Saint George in this Island, forthwith to issue a Roll of Deficiency Tax, and Roll of Poll Tax.

An Act to authorise and enable William Patrick Browne, of the Parish of Saint John, in the county of Middlesex, in this Island, Esquire, to settle and dispose of his Estate, both real and

[ E personal

i8 ATABLEof the

personal in this Island, by Deed or Will, in such Manner as he shalljhmk proper, liotwith-llanding an Act of the Governor, Council and Alleml ly of this Island, inri led, ""An Act to prevent the Inconveffiencies aufing trom exorbitant Gr n,s and Devises made by white Persons to Negroes, and the liTue of Negroes, and to restrain and limit tuch Giants and Dev'ifeS." An Act for enabling William Gilchnft, Mill-wright, to carry into Execution his new invented Mill for grinding Sugar-canes.

Publick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 1769.

An Act for setting mutual Debts one against the other.

An Act to repeal two fever a I Acts of this Island, one intit led. An Act appointing Commissioners for ordering and inspediLg the Works in and about the Forts, Fortifications and Barracks in .md ahout this Island; the other intitled, An Act to add Commissioners to those already appointed for carrying the Works in and ahout the Forts, Fortifications ard Barracks of this Island, and to those already appointed for building, fimshing and repairing the public Edifice in St. Jago de la Vega; and for appointing Commissioners for the Forts, Fortifications and public Buildings.

An Act to explain and amend Part of an Act in titled. An Act to encourage Colonel Cudjoe and Captain §>uaw. and the several Negroes under their Command in Trelawny and Crawford Towns, and all other Towns of rebellious Negroes, who have submitted to Terms, to pursue and take up Runaway Slaves, and such Negroes as continue in Rebellion; and for remedying some Inconveniencies in the Laws already made for that Purpose. t

An Act for regulating the Fees of the Masters of the High Court of Chancery of this island.

An Act for establishing the Fees of the Clerk of the Supreme Court of ‘Judicature oj this Ifand, and establifing the Fees of the Chief-Justice and At t or me s on all judicial Writs.

An Act to encourage Persons to keep VeJJ'els for transporting <Goods about this Island, and to prevent Abuses being committed by the Ma-fers or Commanders of such Vessels, and to regulate Wharfingers and others shipping such Goods.

An Act for laying a Duty on Tonnage, and applying the same to the Use oj the Forts and Fortifications, and for regulating the Duty of Gun-powder payable on Tonnage by Virtue of an Act, intitled. An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefT-orf, for the Support of the Government of this Island, and for reviving and perpetuating the Acts and Laws thereof; and to enable the Receiver-General to import and purchase Gun-powder under, certain Regulations.

An Act for keeping in repair the Harbour of Kingston, and for regulating the Mooring of Ships in the said Harbour, and for refraining all Mafers or Commanders of Vefels for the future, from heaving over board Ballafi in any of the Harbours or Shipping Places of this island.

An Act to empower the Justices and Vefiry in the Town of Kingston, to du 1 Id a Market-House, and to appoint a Place for the Sale oj fresh 1 ish , and for preventing Nuisances in the Streets of the said Town, and for ot/. er Purpjes therein mentioned.

An Act for explaining and amending the several Highway Laws now in Fo< ce, and render ing the said Laws more effectual.

Page

*53

*53

*5S

lS7

160

164

170

172

175

178

Publick

ACTS of ASSEMBLY

19

Publick Acts obfolctc, repealed or expired, and Private Acts. — 1769.

An Act to oblige the several Inh'bitints of this Island, to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, white Women or children, or pay certain sums of Money in case they flvill be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses, to protect Freeholders on the Days of choefing Church-wardens and Vestry-men, and to ascertain who shall be deemed duly qualified to vote at such Elections.

An Act for raisi.g several sums of Money, and applying the same to f«veral Uses.

An Act for raising and fitting out Parties, for suppressing any Rebellion in this Island, during the continuance of this Act.

An Act to intitle Ann Shermore, Widow and Relidl of Nicholas Shermore, a white Man, and Jane Brooks, Mary Brooks, Priscilla Brooks, Martha Brooks and Ruth Brooks, reputed Daughters of George Brooks, of the Parish of Saint Elizabeth, Esquire, by Mary Powell, a free mulatto Woman; and James Brooks, Richard Brooks, Joseph Brooks and Edward Brooks, the reputed Sons of the said George Brooks, by the said Mary Powell, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents, under certain restrictions.

An Act for veftirg in Trustees, several Messuages and Tracts of Land, Part of the Estate of Ballard Beckford, Esquire, deceased, in Trust, to sell and dispose of the fame for Payment of the Debts of the said Ballard Beckford, and other Purposes therein mentioned,

THE

LAWS

O F

: - 5

JAMAICA.

An Act to establish the Credit of Foreign Bills of Exchange9? " by compelling the Payment of Interesl thereon after Judgment.

e

WHEREAS the Trade and Credit of this Island, hath suffered . greatly by too frequent Protests of foreign Bills of Exchange,t drawn in this Ifhnd, the Penalties by the former Laws, of Re-exchange and Interest until Judgment, not proving sufficient, in Regard the said Bills, after Judgment carry no Interest, although unpaid for several Years after: For Remedy whereof. May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be Enabled, Be it therefore enacted, by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted andp0i ordained by the Authority of the same, that in all Cafes, whenever any £^a"‘‘,st°r Damages shall be afiefted by a Jury, in any Action or Suit in any Court of bear an interest Law in this Island, upon any foreign Bill or Bills of Exchange, which mentunuf aid have been, since the Eighth Day of November last, and shall hereafter be drawn in this Island, and be returned protested, the Court before whom VOL. II such

2

Act i.

.,7 The LAWS of JAMAICA.

such Damages shall be assessed, shall, and they are hereby directed and required,'to give Judgment, that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Actions, on the said Bill or Bills of Exchange, recover of the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions, as well the Damages so to be assessed by the said Jury, with Costs of Suit* as also Interest upon the Principal Sums for which such Bill or Bills shall be given, from the First Day of the Court in which Judgment shall be obtained, until actual Payment thereof. And the Plaintiff* to whom such Damages shall be assessed and for whom such Judgment shall be given, his Assignee, Attorney at Law* or Attorney, shall mark or indorse on the Writ of Execution, of Venditioni, to be issued on such Judgment, as well the ffated Sum assessed by the Jury for Principal, Interest, Re-exchankge and Costs, as also Interest on such Sums for which such Bills shall be given, from the First Day of the Court in which Judgment shall be obtained, to the time of the actual Payment thereof; and the same shall be levied and paid by the Provost-Marshal, together with the stated Sum assessed for Damages by the said Jury, as aforesaid, to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Actions; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the Contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, by an Act, intituled, "An Act to establish the Credit of Foreign Bills of Exchange by compelling the Payment of Inter ejl thereon after Judgment," passed the Seventeenth Day of November, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seveh Hundred and Fifty, which did expire the eighth Day of November, in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Se-Aen Hundred and Fifty-four, it Was (among other things) therein e-nadteed, that Judgment should be given, that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Actions, on the said Bill or Bills of Exchange, should recover, as well the Damages to be assessed by the Jury, with Costs of Suit, as also Interest upon the Principal Sums for which such Bill or Bills should be given, from the First Day of Court in which Judgment should be obtained until actual Payment.

III. And whereas divers Foreign Bills of Exchange were drawn during the Continuance of the said recited Act, and are now unpaid, upon many of which Judgments have been obtained, and are as yet unsatisfied. It is therefore hereby enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the said Foreign Bills that were drawn during the Continuance of the said recited Act, and that are now unpaid, and whereon any Judgment or Judgments shall be hereafter obtained. Judgment shall be given for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to recover against the Defendant or Defendants as well Interest Upon the principal Sum of the said Bills from the First Day of the Court wherein Judgment shall be obtained, as Damages and Costs : And it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to mark his or their Execution, or Venditioni, for such Interest; and the Provost-Marshal is hereby impowered and directed to levy the same: And it is also further enacted and declared, That where any Judgment or Judgments have been obtained upon any of the said Bills since the Expiration of the said recited Act, and that are now unsatisfied, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to mark his or their Writ or Writs of Execution, or Venditioni Exponas, for the legal Interest upon the principal Sum of the said Bills whereon Judgment have been recovered from the First Day of the Court wherein such Judgment Or Judgments have been recovered, until actual Payment. And the Provost-Marshal is hereby required and empowered to execute all and every such Writs of Execution and Venditioni, and to levy such Interest as aforesaid, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

r/ln

Act *2.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

3

An Act to make the Copy of lolls of Negroes, or other Slaves, *755*

Evidences, a?id to enlarge the Fee to be paid for entering Foils Pa,re^th of of Negroes and other Slaves in the Foil-Books, of the several PrecinSls of this If and.

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, intitled, An Act for the better Act 2» Order and Government of Slaves, passed in the Year One Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-six, it is amongst other Things enacted,

That the Clerks of the Peace, or Clerks of the V7fry where no Clerks of the Peace are, of the several and respective Pariffes and PrecinSls within this Island, shall keep a distnSl Book, in which Entries shall be made of all Slaves fold and disposed of from one Party to another, in every of which Entries shall be expressed the lime of the Sale made, with the Names of the Vender and Vendee, the Name and Mark oj' the Slave or Slaves, with the Consideration for which fold', which said Entry, if the Seller is lawfully authorized to sell or dispose of such Slave or Slaves, shall be as good and valid to ratify and confrm the said Sale or Sales, as if the fa ne had been by Deed in Writing under Hand and Seal, and shall be held, deemed, and adjudged to be a fujfi-cient Record and Evidence in ahy Court of Record within this Ifand', and if by any Person razed Or embezelled, the Person so offending fallfuffer such Punishment as the haw hath provided against such as raze or emoezel Records; and for every such Entry the Clerk shall receive, if but one Negro, Seven-pence-halfpenny; if above. Fifteen-pence, and no more: And if any Buyer fall jail or neglect to make Entry with the Clerk, as af'oresaid, he shall forfeit Forty Shillings for every such Offence: And if the Clerk fall rejufe or neglect to make such Entry, he falljorfe'tt Fen Pounds for every such Offence to the Party injured; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Ifand, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law fall be allowed\

II. Provided Nevertheless, Fhat this Clause Or any Thing therein con- rcm& tamed, shall not be confrued to extend to oblige any Person or Persons to make such Entry of Slaves at their firs hjiportation into this Ifand; any Thing in the above Clause to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen on Account of the great Distance of several of the Parishes in this Island from the Su- cepyofTollt preme Court of Judicature, the Clerk of the Peace, or his lawful De-puty, being obliged (in all Cafes where it is necessary to give the said Supreme court Toll-Books in Evidence) to attend at the said Court with the original Toll-Books kept in such Parishes, to the great Expence and Charge of such Officers, and to the great Risque and Danger of impairing or lolling such Toll-Books; in order to prevent the like Inconveniences for the future. We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted. Be it therefore enacted by the Governor,

Council, and Assembly of the said Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, in all Trials where the Right and Title of any Negro or other Slaves shall be called in Question, a Copy of any Toll already made, or that may hereafter be made, attested under the Hand of the Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the Vestry, keeping such Toll-Books, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken as gpod and sufficient Evidence in all such Trials, as if the Original Toll-Book, where such Toll had been entered, had been produced. And for every Copy of any of the said Tolls, attested as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk for his copy of of the Vestry, shall be intitled to demand and receive the Sum of Five ^vefcU’ Shillings and no more.

17 \77\ IV. AN*

t

a. The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 2, 3, 4.

, 1755. ,IV. And whereas the fees allowed, in and by the Act herein before — — -1 in part recited, to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace or Clerks of the Vestry, for entering Tolls of Slaves in the Toll-Books, have been found tOo fin all; Be it therefore Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That clerk of ver- from and after the passing of this Act, such Clerks of the Peace, or tijes ices Clerks of the Vestry, fha.ll, for the Entry of every Toll they shall make, be intitled to afle, demand, and receive the Sum of Five Shillings, and 110 more; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

pa^'hof^ Act to revive, amend, a?id perpetuate ati AEl, intitled, an Act for assaying of Gold and Silver Wares and Bullion.

WHEP.EAS an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, intituled, An Act for the Afdying of Gold and Silver Wares, and Bullion, patfed in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty-seven, hath in a great measure answered the Purposes for which it was intended, and will, with some Amendment, fully answer the fame; and whereas the said Act is expired, We, therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, do humbly beseech your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted. Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing contained therein, shall be* and they are hereby, revived, and made perpetual; any Thing in the said Act, or any other Act or Law, to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Species of Plate, brought to be Allayed and Marked, shall (as near as may be) have all the Pieces soldered, or otherwise joined together; and that no Phfte whatsoever shall hold or bear more Solder than is necessary.

1756. An Act to prohibit the Importation of Sugars, Rum, and Mo-laffes, of the Growth of the French, Spanifo, Dutch, and Da-nifio Colonies in America, into this If and’, and for preventing everal Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

pinvd 7th of l'ebiuary

Act 4

• w

HERE AS ^‘divers Persons and Traders in this Island have heretofore carried on a most pernicious Trade with the French, Spanish, Dutch and Danish Colonies in America, by illicitly and clandestinely importing into this Island, and from thence into Great Britain, as English vide a former Proch»ce, Sugars, Rum and Molaflfes, of the Produce and Growth of the Art parted in said Colonies, to the very great Prejudice of his Majesty's Subjects, the . *75*.Voi. i. Planters of this Island: And whereas your Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, signified to your Majesty's Governor of this Island by the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, is, that effectual Measures should be taken by Laws to prevent such Importation of Foreign Sugar;

We, therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted. Be it enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica, and

Act 4.

1 he LAWS of JAMAICA,

it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after 1756. the passing of this Act, no Sugars, Rum or Molasses, of the Growth of any of the French, Spanish, Dutch, or Danish Colonies, shall be imported into this island as Merchandize, or shall be lliipt, laden, or taken on Board any Boat, Canoe, Sloop, Ship, or other Vessel, in any of the said Colonies, or elsewhere, in order or with Intent to be imported into this Island as Merchandize or otherwise, under the Penalty of forfeiting the said Sugars, Rum and Molasses so imported, or intended so to be, together with the Boat, Canoe, Sloop, Ship, or other Vessel, in which the lame shall be imported, or on which the fame was shipped, laden, or taken on Board, in order and with Intent to import the fame, with the Tackle, Furniture, Guns, Ammunition, and Apparel of such Boat, Canoe,

Sloop, Ship, or other Vessel, and of Five hundred Pounds by the Mailer of such Boat, Canoe, Sloop, Ship, or other Vessel, and the like Sum by the Owner, and Proprietor of such Sugars, and every of them. Which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered in his Majesty's Court of Vice-Admiralty of this Island, or in the Supreme Court of Judicature of the said Island, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed or Non vult nlteriusprofequit entered.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the officers of Captains and other Officers of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War,

and all Officers who by Law are authorized to make Seizures of Goods make feizurse run, or intended so to be, are hereby authorized and impowered to seize the said Sugars, Rum and Molasses,either on Land, in Port, or at Sea, and the Boats, Canoes, Sloops, Ships and other Vessels, on which they have been imported, or are shipped, laden, or taken on Board, in order and with Intent to import the fame into this Island : And that the Whole of the said Seizure and Forfeiture, if taken by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, shall be to the Use of the Captors,* and if taken by any other Officers, one Moiety or Half Part thereof to be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island; and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Disputeor Difference shall arise, touching the said Sugars, Rum or Molasses, being of the Growth of the French, Spanish, Dutch or Danish Growth of Colonies, and intended to be imported into this Island, the Onus probandi^. proof ton* shall lie upon the Owner or Importer of the said Sugars, and not upon on the importer the Seizer or Informer thereof; and the Claimer shall be reputed the Owner or Importer.

IV. And whereas Mailers of Vessels trading to and from the Northern Colonies to this Island, are often indulged to enter and clear their Vessels, at the several Offices within this Island, at one and the same Time, and do frequently clear out their said Vessels as having on Board several Sorts of Commodities of the Produce of this Island, when in Fadl they have no such Commodities on Board, or design to take any; but inllead thereof, and to the great Prejudice of the Trade of this Island, do carry empty Calks for holding, and Money for purchasing, Molasses, Sugars, and other the Products of the French Islands, which, by Means of their Cockets obtained here as aforesaid, they eaflly enter in the said Northern Colonies as the Produce of this Island : For preventing such pernicious Practices

for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Comp- Masters of troller and Collector of His Majesty's Customs, the Receiver-General, or Jefrel£ t0Pr°-the Receiver-General for the Time being, or any Officers of the Customs cates of their or Revenue of this Island, or any Deputy of such Comptroller, Collector, ^°de*°hebhand Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, or other ofaMagistrate Officer of the Customs or Revenue, shall not presume to clear out any cfeLifngwton' Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel trading to the said Northern Colonies, from o»th

VOL. II.

B

any

V

6 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 4.

1756. any of the several Ports of this Island, under the Penalty of Five hundred

'--v- — ’ Pounds, until such Time as the Master or Commander of such Ship, Sloop,

of other Veil'd, shall bate appeared before him, them, or some or one of them, or his, their, or some or one of their Deputies, and produced Certificates under the Hands of the several Persons of whom liich Person or Persons have or hath bought the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of the Produce of this Island, letting forth the Quantity of every Particular Sort, and the Time when they were fold; Which said Certificate shall be attested by a Magistrate of the Parish where the Commodity or Commodities are purchased, and take the following Oath in Writing, or, if a Quaker, his solemn Affirmation in Writing instead thereof; v, hich Oath or Affirmation, the said Comptroller and Collector, the Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General lor the Time being, or either of their Deputies, or any other of the said Port Officers or their Deputies, are hereby required and impowered to administer:

o ( Tsi. B. do swear, that I have on Board my Ship or Vessel, the Goods, Wares,

and Merchandises mentioned and infer ted in the Manifeji by me delivered, and for which I have now produced a Certificate, or Certificates-, and that I will not receive on Board this my said Ship or Vessel, or export in this my pre-Jent Voyage any other Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, but what I produce such Certificatefor, as aforesaid, before I depart or failfrom this Island.

So help me God.

Penalty of V. And in case the Master, Commander or Owner of such Ship, Sloop prisonments' or Vessel, in his Manifest report a greater or lefifer Quantity of Goods, a faUe Mam- Wares or Merchandizes, of the Produce of this Island, than he actually hath on Board; he shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, and suffer lix Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties in this Act mentioned, and not herein before declared where to be recovered, or how_terbe applied, shall be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi entered; one Moiety or half Part thereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be forthwith printed, and three Copies thereof to be delivered to His Excellency the Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly; the Charges whereof shall be paid him by the Receiver-General, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

An

Acr.q. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 7

An Act for Explaining, Amending and Re?idering tnore effectual an Act} intit led, " An Act to secure the Freedom of Elections, and directing the Proceedings in the Choice of Members to serve in Assemblies in this Island; to qualify Persons elected to fervre in future Assemblies in this Island, and to ascertain who shall be deemed Mulattoes for the future; and for preventing the fraudulent Practice of multiplying Votes at the Elections of Members to serve in the Assembly of this Island."

Pafle-I jo'h of October

WHEREAS the Laws now in Force, for preventing indirect Prac- Act 5.

tices at the Elections of Representatives to serve in the Assemblies of this Island, and for securing the Freedom of such- Elections, have been found, by Experience, to be very defective, and many Abuses and indirect Practices have been made use of, and are daily increasing in the Election of Members to serve in the Assembly of this Island, so that divers persons have procured themselves to be returned againfc the Consent of the Majority of the true Freeholders of the Parishes they were returned for; and without some proper Regulations to prevent so great and growing an Evil, the Rights and Liberties of the People are on the moil precarious Foundation.

II. And whereas* by the above-mentioned Act, the Pro volt-Marshal, or his Deputy, attending the said Elections, are not impowered to administer the Oath thereby appointed to be taken by the Freeholder; so that divers evil minded Persons not duly qualified, have presumed to take the said Oath, under Confidence that by the Defect aforesaid, no Punishment can be inflicted.

Ill- And whereas the several Freeholds, mentioned in the said Laws, have been fraudulently and scandalously prepared, and the good Intention of the Law defeated, by Huts being occasionally erected, not of the real Value of Ten Pounds per Annum, on Purpose to qualify the Owner or Owners thereof to vote at Elections, and by putting several Pens on un-fetliedTrads of Land, and driving fix Head' of Cattle therein, immediately before such Elections, on Purpose to qualify the Owner or Owners thereof to vote at Elections, and removing the said Cattle immediately after such Elections, as well as by occasionally opening and planting five Acres of Land, in such Manner that the Owner or Owners could reap no Benefit therefrom, and neglecting the fame afterwards, so as to make it appear, the said Plantation was prepared with a manifeffc Intent to evade the Law, and qualify the Owner or Owners thereof to vote at such Elections.

IV. And whereas many fraudulent Conveyances have of late been made, on Purpose to create and multiply Freeholds, to the great Danger of our happy Confiitution, and to the great Injury, as well of the true Freeholders of this Island, who have been at great Expence and Pains in settling and cultivating their Lands, as of Persons offering themselves as Candidates at the said Elections, and in Prejudice of the Freedom of such Elections: For Remedy of such Mischiefs and to prevent the like for the future. May it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted. Be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's Island of Ja- The necefl-a,y tnaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, qualifications That no Person whatsoever shall be admitted to Vote at any Election in housesh°ldS W this Island, unless his Freehold consists of a House erected and built, and in the actual Possession of such Freeholder, by Title recorded in the Of" ^rded^tweive fice of Inrollments of this Island, for twelve Calendar Months next before Months w

the

I

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act

Pens of cattle

Plantations

Rent charges or Annuities

Freeholds to be entered in the Parish-

Books

the Day of such Election, of the true and real value of Ten Pounds per Annum j or a Pen, confiding of at lead ten Acres of Land, together and in one Run, which hath been opened and in Padurage, and in the actual Podedion of such Freeholder, by Title recorded in the Odice of In-rolknents for twelve Calendar iMonths, next before such Election, with fix Head of Breeding-Cattle of his own Property grazing thereon, for the said Term, and yielding him really and Bona-side, the true Value of Ten Pounds per Annum; or a Plantation, with at lead Eight Acres of Land, in the actual Podedion of such Freeholder, by Title recorded in the Odice of Inrollments, for Twelve Calendar Months next before such Election, planted and kept up as a Plantation for the said Term, and yielding him really and Bona-side, without Fraud or Collusion, the true Value of Ten Pounds per Annum, with a Negro or Negroes thereon, of his or their own Property, that hath or have been, is, or are liable to be taxed for the Term aforesaid; or that his Freehold confids of a Rent-Charge or Annual Sum of the real and true Value of Ten Pounds per Annum, arising, iduing, and payable out of Meduages, Lands, or Tenements, on which, said Meduages, Lands or Tenements, there have been and are, Negroes or Stock liable to be taxed for Twelve Calendar Months before the Election; and that every such Freehold diall have been entered in a Book, to be provided by the Clerk of the Vedry of every Parish in this Idand, for the Space of three Calendar Months next before the Election, in the Name of every such Freeholder, or in the Name of them under whom by Descent, Devise, or Marriage, such Freehold is claimed, and hath been subject and liable to be taxed by the Justices and Vedry, for twelve Calendar Months, at the lead, any Law, Cudom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; except where such Freeholder votes on a Rent-Charge, or annual Sum as aforesaid; then and in such Case it diall be sufficient, that the Meduages, Lands, or Tenements, out of which his Rent-Charge or annual Sum arises, have paid or were liable to pay Taxes for Twelve Calendar Months as aforesaid.

Proviso V. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared to be the true In-

fngbydefcent", tent and meaning of this Act, that no Person claiming by Devise, De-devise, or mar- scent, or Marriage diall be abridged from his or their Right of voting, in bridged of vot- Cafe the Person or Persons under whom he or they claim, diall have been *ns in the actual Podedion of such respective Freehold twelve Calendar

Months as aforesaid; and that the Title to such respective Freeholds hath been recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Idand for the said Term of twelve Calendar Months; and also that it hath been entered in the Vestry Books three Calendar Months next preceding the Day of electing Members to serve as Representatives in the Assembly for such Paridi.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon deefare the$ *° every Election for any Member to serve in the Adembly of this Idand, Nature of their every Freeholder, if required by a Candidate, or any other Person having the Foil 31 a Right to vote at such Election, before he is admitted to Poll, diall declare the Nature of his Freehold on which he is to vote : and instead of the Oath prescribed to be taken by ever Freeholder, by an Act, intitled. Vide Aa 98 An Act to secure the Freedom of Elections, a?id directing the Proceedings in the Choice of Members to serve in Ashtiblies of this If andj to qualify Persons eleBed to serve in future Assemblies in this If and; and to ascertain who fall be deemed Mulattoes for the future," if he declares his Right of voting to be upon an House, he diall take the following Oath

Oath of a Freeholder’s Qualification in a House

I A.B. Do swear, that I am a Freeholder in ?ny own, or my Wife's Right, really and truly, in the Parish of by Title, recorded in the

Secretary’s Office of this If and twelve Calendar Months before this Election; and that my said Freehold conffs of an House ereBed and built, and which hath been in mine, or my Tenant’s aBual Poffiession} or in the Poffiession of those

under

Act 5.

t>

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

under whom by Descent, Devfe, or Marriage, I claim., for twelve Calendar Months next before this Election, oj the true and real Value ot Ten Pounds per Annum, at.d that my said Freehold hath been entered in the Parish Book in my own Name, or in the Name of those, under whsm by Descent, Devise or Marriage I claim, three Calendar Months before this E left ion, and hath been, or is subject and liable to be taxed and afjessed for twelve Months, as aforesaidj and that without Fraud and collusion, I, or those under whom, by Descent, Devise or Marriage I claim, have been in the actual Receipt of the Rents and Profits, of the said Freehold, to the Amount of ‘Ten Pounds per Annum at the leaf, for the find Term of twelve Calendar Months, next before this Election : and that my find Freehold hath not been made or prepared, given or granted to me fraudulently, or on Purpose to qualify me to vote at this Election, or in order to J'plit or tnultiply Votes at this Ele hi ion, and that I have not been polled before at this Election.

So help me God.

And if the Freeholder declares his Right of Voting to be upon a Penn of Cattle, he shall take the following Oath:

Idem in a cai*

I A.B. do swear that I am a Freeholder, in my own or my Wife's Right, ' en*

•*- really and truly, in the Parish of by Title, recorded in

the Secretary’s Office of this Island, twelve Calendar Months be ore this E left ion, and that my said Freehold confiflsofa Penn, of at leafi ten Acres of Land, which hath been open and in Pajlurage, and in my actual Possession, or in the Possession of those under whom by Descent, Devise or Marriage I claim, with fix Head of Breeding Cattle of my own Property grazing thereon, to the befl o f my Knowledge, for the said Term of twelve Calendar Months, next before this Election, yielding me the true and real Value of Ten Pounds per Annum; and that my said Freehold hath been entered in the Pariflo Book in my own Name, or in the Name of those under whom I claim by Descent, Devise, or Marriage, three Calendar Months before this Election, and hath been, or is subject and liable to be taxed and assessedfor twelve Calendar Months as aforesaid; and that without Fraud or Collusion, I, or those under whom by Descent,

Devise, or- Marriage I claim, have been in the actual Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Freehold, to the Amount of Ten Pounds per Annum at the leaf, for the said Term of twelve Calendar Months next before this Electionj and that my said Freehold hath not been made or prepared., given or granted to me fraudulently, or on Purpose to qualify me to vote at this Election, or in order to split or multiply Votes at this Election, and that I have not before been polled at this Election.

So help me God. '

And in Case the Freeholder declares his Right of voting to be upon a Plantation, he shall take the following Oath

~ Ideminaplaa-,

I A.B. do swear, that I am a Freeholder, in my own or my Wife's Right really and truly, in the Parish of by Title, recorded in the Se-

cretary’s Office in this Island twelve Calendar Months before this Election; and that my said Freehold confifis of a Plantation, which hath been in my actual Possession, or in the Possession of those under whom by Descent, Devise, or Marriage I claim, with at leafi, eight Acres of Land, planted and kept up as a Plantation, for the said Term of twelve Calendar Months next before this Election, yielding me the true and real Value of Ten Pounds per Annum, with a Negro or Negroes of my own Property thereon, that hath, or have been, is, or are liable to be taxed, for the Term aforesaid; and that my said Freehold hath been entered in the Parish-Book, in my own Name, or in the Name of those under whom I claim by Descent, Devise, or Marriage, three Calendar Months before this Election, and hath been, or is subject and liable la ' VOL. II. C

1756. be taxed and afjefed, for twelve Calendar Months, as aforesaid', and that '* — — without Fraud or Collufbn, /, or those under whom by Descent, Devise, or Marriage I claim, have been, in the atlual Receipt of the Rents, and Profts of the said Freehold, to the amount of fen Pounds per Annum, at the leaf, for the Perm of Twelve Calendar Months as aforesaid', and that my said Freehold hath not been ipade or prepared, given or granted to me fraudulently, or on. Purpose to qualify me to vote at this Election, or in order to split or multiply Votes at this Election, and that I have not been polled before at this Election,

So help me God.

And if the Freeholder declares his Right of voting to be upon a Rent-Charge, or annual sum arising as aforesaid, he shall then take the following Oath*

tdtm in rent--Ch.ii-!<cs or anil units

I A.B. do fwedr, that I am a Freeholder, in my own or my Wife's Right, really and truly, in the Parish of by Title, recorded in the Se-

cretary's Office of this If and twelve Calendar Months before this Election; and that my said Freehold conffs of a Rent-charge, or annual Sum of the real and true Value of Ten Pounds per Annum, arising, ij/uing, and payable out of Mef'udges, Lands, or Tenements, now in the PofJession of or his

or their Under-Tenants; and that they now are, and have been on the said Mefuages, Lands or Tenements, out of which my said Rent-charge, or annual Sum arises, Negroes or Stock, which are or have been subject and liable to be taxed and affefed for Twelve Calendar Months, next before this Elc51 ion; and-, that my said Freehold hath been entered in the Parish-Book in my own Name, three Calendar Months before this Election, and that without Fraud or Ccl-lufon, I have been in the aBital Receipt of the Rents and Profts of the said Freehold, to the 'Amount of Ten Pounds per Annum, at the leaf, for the said. Term of twelve Calendar Months next before this Election', and that n,y saidI Ereehold hath not been given or granted to me fraudulently, or on Purpose t&. qualify me to vote at this Election, or in order to split or multiply Votes at tbit:. Election, and that I have not been polled before at this Election.

So help me God.

flia°rs0Dm"Iar" Which Oaths the Provost-Marshal General, or his lawful Deputy, it hereby required and impowered to administer : And in Cafe any Free-Fenaity for holder', or other Person taking any one of the said Oaths hereby appoint-faife swearing ed, shall thereby commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof convicted; or if any Person do unlawfully and corruptly procure or fubborn any Freeholder or other Person to take any one of the said Oaths, in order-to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted; he and they, for every such Offence, shall incur the like Pains and Penalties as are in, and by one Act of Parliament made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, in titled, " An Act for Punifment of such Persons as fall procure or commit any wilful Perjury," enacted against all such who shall commit wilful Perjury, or fubborn or proc.ure any Person to commit any unlawful or corrupt Perjury, contrary to the said Act.

VII. A^nd if any other Person or Persons shall hereafter presume to ad-persons Sing hiinifter any one of the aforesaid Oaths, or to open or take any Poll for Pitvoft °mSC e^e^ng Members to serve in the Assembly of this Island, than the Profit o° his De-voft-Marshal, or some Person lawfully deputed by him to act for him, puty such Person, for every such Offence, shall suffer one Year’s imprison-

ment, and forfeit Five Hundred Pounds, one Moiety of which to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support'of the Government of this Island, and the other Moiety to him qj them who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of

11

- 1

Act 5. l’k La WS of JAMAICA.

of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Inform- 1756. ation, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Non vult ulterius — 7- —

ProJ'equi shall be granted or allowed, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rectors of the several Pa-R^orsofPii rilhes of this Island, shall be allowed to vote in the respective Parishes in which their Benefices are, at all Elections of Members to serve in the hig tile Oath* Assembly, without taking any Oath, any Thing in this, or any other Law to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost Mar Provost-Marshal, or any of his lawful Deputies, taking the Poll at any n>aTor Depul Election for a Member or Members to serve in the Assembly of this Island,

shall not vote at such Election, until he hath declared the Nature of his the oaths of Freehold, on which he shall then offer to vote and shall if required take the Oath appointed by this Act for such Freehold; which said Oath, any Justice of the Peace present at the Poll, or any one of the Candidates at such Elections, are hereby impowered to administer; and if the Provost-Marshal, or any of his Deputies taking such Oath, shall swear falsely, and be thereof legally convicted, he shall incur the like Pains and Penalties as are declared in and by the said Act of Parliament, made in the fifth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth.

X. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marllial attending the respective Polls, shall, in a Column to be made for n^Du^at that Purpose, insert the particular Kind of Freehold on which each Per- the Po11 son votes, and shall write Juratt opposite to the Name of every Voter

who hath taken either of the said respective Oaths, so that it may appear which of the said Oaths he took; and that the Poll for every Parish, shall piacesofEl«r. be always held at the usual Place of Meeting, on the Public and Parochialtion Business of each respective Parish, and not elsewhere. And wherever Qn contro-there shall be a controverted Election, the Person taking the Poll, shall, ver edtlEle^!,j within one Month after such Election, transmit the same to the Secretary’s be recorded-Office, there to be recorded, and open to the Inspection of all Persons re-in,thQ^e"eU* quiring the fame; and the Person so taking the Poll, shall," and he is here- 17 CC by obliged, before he lodges the fame in the said Office, to make Affidavit before a Justice of the Peace, to be inserted under, or on the Back of the said Poll, that such Poll is really and Bona-side, the true and genuine Poll taken at such Election, without any Alteration whatsoever, under the Penalty of oneYear’sImprisonment, and the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds upon each Person offending therein, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid. clerk* ofvef-

XI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That im-triesto record mediately after the passing of this Act, the Clerk of the Vestry of the fe- Freeholds veral Parishes in this Island, shall, and they are hereby required and obliged, to prepare and keep a Book, and to enter therein a just and true Account of every Freehold in their respective Parishes, which shall be hereafter sent to each of the said Clerks, within three Days after such Accounts have been received by them; and the Clerk of the Vestry shall give

a Certificate to any Freeholder delivering in an Account of his Freehold, andgIve aeer. that such Freehold is entered in the Vestry-Book, for which Certificatet,ficate and Entry, the Clerk shall receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-pence from the Freeholder delivering in the fame; and every such Clerk is hereby further obliged to produce the said Book, at the Opening of every To produce Poll for electing a Member to serve in the Assembly of this Island, for each Freehdd^a^ of their respective Parishes, for doing which, he shall be allowed and every Poll paid Two Pounds, Seven Shillings and Six-pence, by the Justices and His Fee Vestry of the Parishes where such Elections are, out of the Monies raised by such Parishes. And any Person, being a Freeholder of that Parish, Andforin-shall have Liberty to inspect the said Book, so often as, and when- speaing the ever he shall require it, on paying the Sum of One Shilling and Three- fa,dK«or*

pence

Act

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1756. pence for every such Inspection; and the respective Clerks are hereby re-

- ' quired and obliged, to produce the said Book, whenever called upon by

such Freeholders, without any Premium or Reward for so doing, more

Pe.v’W on CleiL» ot Vef-tries for neg-Itifl ol Duty

than as aforesaid; and if any Clerk of the Vestry of the several Purishes of this Island, Hia.ll neglect to keep a Book for entering Freeholds in the Manner aforesaid, or Hi all neglect to produce such Book, at the opening of every Poll for Electing a Member in the Assembly of this Island, or shall receive and take any Premium or Reward, for permitting any Freeholder to inspect the said Book, otherwise than as aforesaid, such Clerk so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as before directed, condition* of

XII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all defe.iz .nee or Estates and Conveyances whatsoever, made to any Person or Persons, in in D*e"d?f^ce any fraudulent or collusive Manner, on Purpose to qualify him or them making fan- to give his or their Vote or Votes, at any Election of a Member to serve void C UuS in the Assembly of this Island (subject nevertheless to Conditions or A-greements, to defeat or determine such Estate, or to re-convey the fame) shall be deemed and taken against those Persons who executed the fame, as free and absolute, and be holden and enjoyed by all and every such Person or Persons to whom such Conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, freely and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged, of and fresh all Manner of Trusts, Conditions, Clauses of Re-entries, Powers of Revocation, Provisoes of Redemption, or other Defeazances whatsoever, between, or with the said Parties, or any other Person or Persons in Trull All Bonds and for them : And that all Bonds, Covenants, collateral or other Securities, Dc7eazancesfor Contracts, or Agreements between or with the said Parties, or any of void them, for the redeeming, revoking, or defeating such Estate or Estates,

or for restoring or re-conveying thereof, or any Part thereof to any Person or Persons who made or executed such Conveyance, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for them or any of them, shall be null and void to tlrmakfnaIorall Intents and Purposes whatsoevg*. And that every Person who shall ‘to make and execute such Conveyance or Conveyances aforesaid, or being onve>’* privy to such purpose, shall devise or prepare the fame, and every Person who by Colour thereof, shall give any Vote at any Election of any Member to serve in the Assembly of this Island, shall for every such Conveyance made, or Votefo created or given, forfeit the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds to any Person who shall lue for the fame, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in thp Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Essoign, Priviledge, Wager of Law, or Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be admitted, allowed or granted.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaidThat no Person possession only Qr Persons shall have any Right to vote in the Election of Members to alij'how°'°te serve in the Assembly of this Island, for or by Reason of any Trust, Estate or Mortgage, unless such Trustees or Mortgagees, shall have been in the adhial possession of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of such Estate, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election; but the Mortgager or Cejiui Qui Trust in possession, shall and may vote for the said Estate, notwithstanding such Mortgage or Trust.

Persons under

XIV. And be ' it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That imytoSv°otege no Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, shall be admitted to poll at any Election for Members to serve in the Assembly of this Island. And if suspected to if a Candidate, or any Person having a Right to vote at the said Election

take an Oath

b%ing privy such Convi ances

Mortgagees in

The Oath

shall require i.-, the Person or Persons suspected not to be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, shall be obliged to take the following

Oath;

do fvear, that to the beji of piy Knowledge and Belief I am of

So help me God.

Which

TA. B.

the Age of Twenty-one Years.

'1 he La WS'of JAMAICA.

Act 5. 0.

*3

Which Oath the Provost-Marshal or his lawful Deputy, is hereby im- 1756.

powered and required to administer, under the Penalty of Five hundred *----- — J

Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Provost-Marshal, of this ^"provostt Island, or his lawful Deputy as aforesaid, refusing to admit any Person Marshai and to vote, whose Freehold is entered in the Vestry Book as aforesaid, or ^nn^v^ei-i perm tting any Person to vote whose Freehold is not entered in the contrary to thi» Vestry-Book as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of

this Act, to poll at any Election for a Member or Members to serve in the Assembly of this Island, the said Provost-Marshal, or his lawful Deputy so offending, shall for every such Offence suffer Twelve Months Imprisonment, and forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, one Moiety

of which to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for Months im-and towards the Support of the Government, and the contingent charges rnfonment thereof, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue lor the fame, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law or Jnjundion, or Non unit ulterius prosequi flinll be granted or allowed, any Law, Df’ge, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the

before-mentioned Act, inti tied. An Act to secure the Freedom of Elections, not altered by and directting the Proceedings in the choice of Members to serve in AJ- con*

fe?nblies ir. this If and, to qualify Performs eletled to serve in future Affem-

blies in this Island, and to aj certain who shall be deemed Mulat toes for the future, and all Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, and not by this Act expressly altered and amended, to render the same more effectual, shall continue and be in full Force to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and be in Force from the First Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Secretary of this Island do cause

this Act to be printed, and Six Copies thereof to be transmitted to His Honor the Lieutenant-Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly of this Island, and to the Provost-Marshal, and one Copy to be sent to the Clerk of the Vestry in each Parish of this Island, to be transcribed in the aforesaid Book of Entry, within forty Days after the passing of this Act, and for which he shall be paid by the Receiver-General for the Time being, out of any Money in his Hands, unappropriated.

An Act for vesting Runaway Slaves not clai?ned by their Pro- 1757*

' prietors, within a certain Time, i?i his Majesty> to be employedp*6^hnof in the Service of the Public.

WHEREAS divers Runaway Slaves have of late Years been taken up and detained in different Parts of the Island, and no Owners or other Persons have appeared and claimed the fame; and whereas the present Method of felling Runaway Slaves out of Jail, after a Year’s Imprisonment for their Fees is found very inconvenient and unequal. We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, Be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, that all runaway Slaves which have been already VOL. II. D taken

Act 6.

14*

The LAWS of JAMAICA

Act 6, 7.

RHu cf In-

iai.ts, fc

1757. taken up by any Person or Persons whatsoever, and shall not be claimed by

'--- v — j the true Owner or Proprietor thereof, or his or their Agents, Guardians or

Attornies, in whose Hands or Possession soever they may be, within three Tte property Months from the passing of this Act, and all Runaway Slaves who shall

01 runaway x o.

fiavc-1ikcr,up hereaiter be taken up, and shall not be claimed by the true Owner or SdU^ui"’ Proprietor, or his or their Agents, Guardians or Attornies, within n>. n hs^yeite.P twelve hlpnths after the Time of their Commitment to Jail, and Adver- I cf tiiement thereof by the Marshal as nfual, in such Cases shall be from Fvlt<> *c- henceforth deemed, and the same are hereby declared to be veiled in your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, and shall be from Time to Time employed in the Public Works under the Direction of the Lieutenant-Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, the Right and Title of Infants, Feme Coverts and Persons absent from the Iflai:d always rovcits & ab- excepted and foreprized, provided such Infants and Feme Covens lay 111 pHze’j5, their respadlive Claims within twelve Months after such Dilabiiity reded claimed m moved, and that such Absentees lay in their Claims within twelve Months fhefK'gc*'"f after they shall return to this 111 and.

taking them n. Provided also that such Perfoil so claiming shall, on obtaining upai. |>ai . po*elp10nt Qf their respective Slaves, pay to the Receiver-General all Charges and Expences whatsoever incurred by Means of the taking up and keeping and maintaining the said Slaves, without any Consideration to be allowed for or on Account of the Service of the said Slaves.

Mar<h™s°f?es -

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the for tnking up Fees of the Marshal and the Encouragements allowed by Law for taking fngf^d run"l up, and fending such Runaway Slaves to Jail, as shall become veiled n aid°b°athe ypur ^Ljesty by Virtue of this Act, and the keeping and maintaining of Receiver Ge- them there, shall be from Time to Time paid and satisfied by the Re-other’cinrges1 ceiver-General, at the Time such Slaves shall be taken out of the Custody of the Marshal for the Service of the Public; and also all subsequent Charges and Expences for the Support and Maintainance of the said Slaves, shall be in like Manner paid by the Receiver-General and be allowed him out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated; and" all Slaves which shall become veiled in your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, bemarkedw-uh by Virtue of this Act, shall be marked on the Right Shoulder with the

a broad arrow. brOad Ari'OW.

*75^ An Act for dividing the If and of famaica 'into Three Counties Paoaiber°f an^ for aPP0*ni*n* Pfustices of Ajftze and Oyer and Terminer

in T:<x)0 of the said Comities.

Act 7. TTT HE REAS all Pleas, civil, criminal and mixt in this Island, W are triable in the Supreme Court of Judicature, and not elsewhere; and whereas by Reason of the great Increase of the Inhabitants, Settlements and Commerce of the said Island, and the Distance of some of the said Settlements from the Place where the said Court is held, the transacting of Business in the said Court is become a grievous Trouble and Charge to the Suitors, Witnesses and Jurors attending the fame, and more particularly to those who live at a great Distance from the Place of holding the said Court: For Remedy whereof. May it please your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted; Be it enacted by the Division of Authority of the same, That this Island be divided into Three certain and Ihrefcoulties! £veral Counties, that is to say, that the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, ^tid the rest of the Parish of Saint Catherine, and the Parishes of Saint M,ddiesex dt. gaint Dorothy, Saint Thomas in the Vale, Clarendont Vere, Saint

Mary

AcT /.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

x5

County

County, and the Supreme Court of Judicature shall be held in the said Town. That the Towns and Pantiles of Port Royal and Kingston, and Surry d!vjflon< the Town of Titchfield., and the rest of the Parish of Portland, and the Parishes of Saint Andrew, Saint David and Saint Thomas in the East and Saint George shall be united into one other County, by the Name of the County of Surry, and the said Town of Kingston shall be the County-Town of the said County of Surry. That the Town of Savanna-la-Mar, Jf°™walIdm’ and the rest of the Parish of IVe/lmoreland, and the Parishes of Saint Elizabeth, Hanover and Saint "James, shall be also united into one County by the Name of the County of Cornwall, and the Town of Savanna-la-Mar shall be the County-Town of the said County of Cornwall.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all offences a-Oi tries and Offences whatsoever against the Peace of our Lord the King, o^wn.^om:. committed or done within the said County of Middlesex, shall be inquired mitte'in^hc of, heard and determined by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of the M^efex, to said County of Middlesex, in the said Supreme ourt of Judicature, in like ^"me wurt M umcr as they have heretofore been, any Thing in this Act to the con- as heretofore, trary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Indictments, Preferments and Informations, found or filed in the Supreme Jdem In the Court of J udicature, for Crimes and Offences against the Peace of our Lord County of the King, committed or done in the County of Surry before the last fv^fol^ihe Tuesday in February, which will be in the Year of our Lord, One Thou- Justices of Af-sand Seven Hundred and Fifty-nine, and not therein heard and deter- fton.m Ki"g* mined, shall be heard and determined by the Oaths of good and lawful

Men of the County of Surry, before the Justices herein aftermentioned, in the Town of Kingston in the said County, and not in the Supreme-Court of Judicature; and that all such Crimes and Offences, committed or done within the said County before the said last Tuesday in February, and for which no Indictment, Presentment or Information shall have been filed before the said Day, and such Crimes and Offences which shall be committed or done, in the said County of Surry, on or after the said lull Tuesday in February, shall be inquired of, heard and determined by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of the said County of Surry, before the said Justices at the said Town of Kingston and not elsewhere: And that all Indictments, Preferments and Informations, found or filed in the Su- f1*

preme Court of Judicature, for Crimes and Offences against the Peace of Cornwall to be our Lord the King, committed or done in the County of Cornwall before of the said last Tuesday in February, and not therein heard and determined, AflizeatSa-shall be heard and determined at the said Town of Savanna-la-Mar, by vanna MiK' the Oaths of good and lawful Men of the said County of Cornwall, before the Justices herein aftermentioned, at the Town of Savanna-la-Mar, in the said County of Cornwall, and not in the Supreme Court of Judicature; and that all Crimes and Offences committed or done, within the said County before the said last Tuesday in February, and for which no Indictments, Preferments or Informations shall have been filed before the said Day, and all such Crimes and Offences which shall be committed on or after the said last Tuesday in February shall be inquired of, heard and determined by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of the Laid County of Cornwall, before the said Justices, in the said Town of Savanna-la-Mar, and not elsewhere.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, notto^essen That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to ex- Authonpr tend to abridge or lessen the Authority of his Majesty's Justices of the the Peace in Peace, either in their General Quarter-Sessions or other wise; but they

and wife.

i6

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Acr 7,

1758.

ihic'.i the C*use of the Act'on shall m ile to be eil-riorl" d on the Declaration and wrote in 1 he-Margin.

Where the Caulc ol such Actions Hull

every of them may, in all Cafes, aft and proceed in like Manner, as they

v- — -> lawfully might do in Cafe this Act had not been made.

an Actions

IV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, of what Kind or Nature to be brought soever, that have been heretofore, or may by Law be brought in the Su-N«lemSme« Preme Court of Judicature, shall after the lass Tuesday in November, in i" rHXZ Prp^ent Lear of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty of the Coumy Light, he brought and filed in the said Court: and that all and every Declaration on such Action or Actions, shall have the Name of the County, in which the Cause of such Action or Actions hath arisen or shall aril'e, indorsed on the Back of such Declaration, and wrote also in the Margin thereof; and such Process, Service and Proceedings, shall be had and held upon all and every such Action or Actions as now are had and held on the fitne, until Judgment shall be obtained on such Action or Actions by Demurrer, Default, Nil Dicit, non Sum Infer mat us, or otherwise, or till Issue shall be joined on the fame : And that Damages on arise m MtJ- every such Judgment, the Cause of which hath arisen or shall arise in the friedln 'hefu County of Middlesex, shall be assessed in the Supreme Court of Judicature, premcCuu.t. by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of the County of Middlesex; and every Issue joined, the Cause of which hath arisen or shall arise in the said if in the conn- County of Middlesex, shall be tried in the said Court, by the Oaths of good ty of Surry, to and lawful Men of the said County : And that Damages on every such Kingston.1 Judgment, the Cause of which hath arisen or shall arise in the County of Surry, shall be assessed before the Justices herein after mentioned, in the Town of Kingston, by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of the said County; and every Issue joined, the Cause of which hath arisen or shall arise in the said County of Surry, shall be tried in the said Town, before if in the *oun-the fajj Justices, by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of the said County and not else where : And that Damages on every such Judgment, the Cause of which hath arisen or shall arise in the County of Cornwall, shall be assessed before the Justicer herein after mentioned, in the Town of Savanna la Mar, by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of the said County; and every Issuejoined, the Cause of which hath arisen or shall arise in the said County of Cornwall, shall be tried in the said Town, before the said Justices, by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of the said County

the Authority V. PROVIDED always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, of the Petty y that nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend court*. to abridge the Authority of the several Courts of Common Pleas, now held at the several Precincts within this Island for the recovering Sums not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and for the inquiring of, hearing and XheGover- determining such Crimes and Offences, and for the Trial of such Issues,

Damages, be it further enacted by the

ty of Cornwall to be tried at Savanna-la* Mar.

Proviso,

:,;rer' and for the Assessments of such

Commissions under the Brond-seal, appointing Justices of Assize.

Authority aforesaid, that the Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, be, and he is hereby authorized, impowered and required to issue one Commission under the Broad Seal of this Island for the County of Surry, and one other Commission under the said Broad Seal for the County of Cornwall, to such Persons as he shall think fit, in the following Form, that is to say,

Jamaica, ff. GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King and of Jamaica Lord,

I Defender of the Faith, &c. To A. N. G. S. W. O. &c.

Ffqrs. sendeth Greeting'.

TA NOW Te, That we have assigned Te, or any Three or more of Ye, to be our Jufices of Assize and Oyer and T?rminer, to inquire by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of our County of or by any other

Ways,

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

A

l7

7! .,y- or by any other Manner, by which Te may, or can know, or by which 1758. the truth may be better known, of all Treasons, Misprisons of Treasons, Infur-retinas,« Rebellions, Murders, Killings, Felonies, Maiifaughters, Burglaries,

Rapes, Unlawful Meetings and Aff 'emblies, Unlawful Uttering of 7Vords, Miffrijions, Confederacies, false Allegations, Trespasses, Riots, Routs, Retentions,

Jtfcapcs, Contempts, Faljities, Negligences, Conceahnents, Maintenances, Op-pnffiOiis, Ckampart:es, Deceptions, and other Misdemeanors, Offences and Injures whatsoever, as also the Accessaries of the fame, by whomsoever, or in •what Manner fever, had, done, perpetrated, or committed-, and by whom, and whom, and when, and in what Manner and Form; and of all other particulars and circumstances any ways relating to the Premises, or any of them; and to hear and determine the same \treasons and other the Premises, and to do therein ccl or ding to Law. And 7Ve command Te, or any Three or more of Te, that Te look well to this service; that Te make such Inquiries upon the Pre-in ijes, and that Te hear and determine all and singular the said Premises, in Manner and Form, and as to Jufice fall appertain, according to Law. KNOW Te, likewise. That we will ye, or any Three or more of ye, to deliver our Goal or Gails within the said County, doing therein what to Jufice appertains. KN07V Te, also. That we have appointed Te, or any Three or more of Te... our justices of Afixe in our said County of to take Af-

sizes. Vendible, and A'(Jeffmerits of Damages within our said County; and TVe command Te, or any Three or more of Te, to take such Affixes, Verdicts, and AJjeffluents of Damages, and that Te do therein as to Jufice fall appertain according to law.

Witness-----

VI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall, and may be lawful for the Lieutenant-Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, as often as he shall think fit, by Patent under by Patent or the Broad-Seal of the said Island, to add to, or associate one or more Per- foeu'iorfto^" ion or Persons, named in such Commission respectively and to give bylhe iufti.ces such Patent, to the Person or Persons so added, the like Authority with commissions* the Persons named in such Commissions.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the To take the Persons named in such Commissions, and the Persons who shall be added Oaths before and associated to them, shall be called Justices of Assize and Oyer and [^ir office!* Terminer and Goal Delivery; and all and every such Justice and Justices, so named in such Commission, or added and associated to those named therein, shall, before he or they execute his or their said Office, before the Lieutenant-Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or some Person to be appointed by him, take the Oaths appointed by Act of Parliament to be taken instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and also the Oath of Abjuration, and repeat and subscribe the Test, and likewise take the Oath of Office which is now taken by the Chief-Judge and Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and all, and every such Justice and Justices, shall, before they proceed on Business in the Courts to be held before them, in open Court take the Oaths appointed by Att of Parliament to be taken instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and also the Oath of Abjuration, and repeat and subscribe the Test, and take the said Oath of Office.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, proviso That every such Justice by taking the said Oaths appointed to be taken by Ad: of Parliament instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Oaths of Abjuration, and repeating and subscribing the Test and taking the said Oath of Office in open Court, shall be fully and compleatly qualified to exercise the said Office, without taking the said Oaths, and repeating and subscribing the Test before the Lieutenant-Governor or VOL. II. E Commander

__________ The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 7.

Commander in Chief, any Thing in this Act to the Contrary notwithstanding.

t ha-et! And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the

fanie^ower said Justices of the Counties of Surry and Cornwall, in the Courts to be fv as t^e'Ju " held respectively before them, Shall have the fame Power, Authority, and tictJ of Assize Jurisdiction, that the Justice of Assize and Ni/t Prius, Justices of Oyer in England. anci Terminer, and Justices of Goal Delivery; now have, or by Law ought to have in that Part of Great Britain called England.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every informations Information shall after the said laftTuefday in November, be filedin the Su-t!°ebSnpremc Preme Court of Judicature, and Shall be indorsed with the Name of the Court, v ih County in which the cause of such Information hath arisen or Shall arise, the county to which Name Shall also be inserted in the Margin thereof; and such Pro-ainUo^tri Ce^S, Service, ant^ Proceedings Shall be had and held thereon in the said ed'in'tiic* "’Court, till Judgment or Issue joined; and after Issue joined, such Hue S'SLe'ha6'6 Sliall tried in the said Supreme Court, if the cause thereof hatn arift n arisen! ° or Shall arise in the County of Middlesex : And if such cause hath arilen or Sliall arise, either in the County of Surry, or in the County of Cornwall, such ISlue Shall be sent for Trial, and Sliall be tried in the proper County, in the Same Manner as other lflues are herein before directed to be sent and tried.

[Proviso.]

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforeiY 1,

That all Informations on Actions for the Breach or Violation of ar.) Act of Parliament or Act of ASTembly of this island, relating to 1 rad^ ..nd Navigation, or for Laying any Duties and Customs, or the Import'tion of any Sort of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes into this Island, or the Exportation thereof out of the fame; and all Informations for Land under the Quit-Rent Acts, and all Escheats, Sliall be tried in the Supreme informations Court of Judicature only; and that all and every such Informations for 'iter^the lQu[t- Land under the Quit-Rent Acts, Sliall be proclaimed in each of the Courts rent Aa to be of Surry and Cornwall, that immediately follow the Supreme Court of ti!e Co'urny- Judicature in which the fame is proclaimed, and as often as the lame is Courts after proclaimed in the Supreme Court; and such Proclamation in the Couics ProcEeTin of Surry and Cornwall Shall be indorsed on the Back of the said Inforina-

the Supreme tion

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Causes and rfithe^sufreme a<^i°ns brought for Negro, Mulatto, or other Slaves, or for the Freedom Cou'rtimpow! or Liberty of any Person or Persons whomsoever and in all Actions in e.eiitoduea Ejedlment, Dower, Partition, and in all other Actions wherein the Flight

[Proviso.]

all Causes and -

Actions for br Title of any Lands or Tenements Shall be in Question, anfingintne Freedom Counties, of C&rnwall or Surry respectively, the Judges of the Supreme and in Eject;- Court of Judicature, held at the Town of St♦ J#go de la Vega, in the ment, Dewer, CouIlty of Middlesex, Shall, and they are hereby impowered and required, upon Application to them made by Motion in open Court, at the Instance either of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or of the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions so arising within the said Counties of Cornwall or Surry respectively, and upon sufficient Cause Shewn to the said Court upon Affidavit; to order and direct the ISTue in such Action or Actions to be tried in the Supreme Court of Judicature, by a Jury of the County of Middlesex.

ThCinarfor

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Party such TriaTto or Parties so moving for such Trial, Shall pay to the other Party or ISiifar'* cost» Part*es> a^ extraordinary Costs and Expences occasioned by such Trial, to beuxedby which Costs and Expences Shall be taxed by the said Court, any Thing the Court. in this or any other Law to the Contrary notwithstanding.

*9

Aery. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such 1758. Justices for the County of Surry shall hold their Courts, for the Inquiring v- — < — of Hearing and Determining of Crimes and Offences, and for trying of

IHues, and for the Assessment of Damages, in the Town of Kingston, the £°jrt3 last Tuesday in the several Months of Jlpril, July, October, and January

And the Justices for the County of Cornwall shall hold their Courts, for the Inquiring of Hearing, and Determining of Crimes and Offences, and for trying of Issues and Assessment of Damages, in the Town of coum^hen •v anna-1 a-Mart the last Tuesday in the several Months of March, ‘June, held. September, and December.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the causeofarreft said Justices, in their respective Courts, shall have Power and Authority to give Judgments on all Issues tried and Damages assessed before them, to be shewn in unless within one Day sufficient cause shall be shewn, either to arrest the j^Senfob-said Judgment, or to grant new trials; which Judgments shall be as valid wined in the in the Law, as if the fame were given in the Supreme Court, and shall ^o'b^taken be deemed, reputed, and taken as Judgments of the said Supreme Court, as judgments, and shall not be liable to be reversed or revised in or by the said Supreme onstoXb™aken Court: And it shall, and may be lawful for the Persons obtaining the ™tthrf"™tablfi said Judgments, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to take out fupremerourt. Executions thereupon, returnable at the next Supreme Court, and to proceed in such Executions in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Judgments had been obtained in the said Supreme Court of Judicature.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Juf-

tices in their respective Courts shall be and they are hereby authorized ered^fe^finwl and impowered, to set Fines and to make Rules and Orders in the Mat-&c* ters before them, which Fines, Rules and Orders, shall not be liable to be taken off, mitigated, revised. orreversed, in or by the Supreme Court of Judicature.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all thefu'reme^ the Judgments of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and those of the Af- Cour^&Those lizes in the several Counties of Surry and Cornwall next immediately fol- medi^eTy’foi-lowing, shall be deemed Judgments of one and the fame Court, and all lowing, to be Executions therein issued and lodged at any Time before the fuc- the^me* and ceeding Supreme Court of Judicature, shall have an equal and currentCourt* Right in Point of Priority, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the Contrary

notwi thftandi ng.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the clerk^ of th* Clerk of the Crown in the Supreme Court, and the Clerk or Prothono- sue writs for tary of the said Court, shall in convenient Time before such Justices shall ^e.f"^onb,s hold their Courts in their respective Counties, issue under the Seal of their ° ]M respective Offices Writs of Venire Facias, directed to the Provost-Mar-

shal, to summon Jurors to appear at the said Courts, in the Manner they now do for Jurors to appear at the Supreme Court of Judicature.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Th-Provofi Provost-Marshal, or some Person in his stead lawfully deputed by him, t^adrfhal to at" shall attend the said Justices during the whole Time of their holding such Courts.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Air®the Clerk Clerk of the Crown, in the said Supreme Court of Judicature, shall by° himself, or some sufficient Person appointed by him, for whom he shall be answerable, also attend the said Justices during the whole Time of their holding such Courts, and he or such Person so appointed shall draw, enter up, and enroll all Indictments, Presentments, Pleas, Judgments,

Rules and Proceedings, Orders adjudged, ordered, made, or had, by the said Justices, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Clerk of the Crown now doth, or by Law ought to do in the Supreme Court of

Judicature

20

The laws of Jamaica.

Act 7,

to be tried.

1758. Judicature; and shall convey all such Indictments, Preferments, Pleas, *=*• — ' Judgments, Rules, Orders, and Proceedings, to the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Supreme Court of Judicature, there to be recorded, deposited, and kept. And the said Clerk of the Crown, for his 1 rouble and Charges herein, shall receive from and out of the Surplulfage of His Majesty's Revenue, the Sum of One Hundred Pounds per Annum, payab.o Quarterly.

aTo with the

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th:t the

corfis on which Clerk or Prothonotary of the Supreme Court of Judicature shall by him-such iflaes are fgif^ or some sufficient Person for whom he shall be answerable, attend the said Justices respectively during their Sessions, with the original Records on which such Ilfues are to be tried, or Damages assessed, and ffi; 11 enter and enroll all Acts adjudged, and all Rules and Orders of the said Justices, and shall convey back the Verdict or Non-Suit upon such Issues, and the Assessments of Damages, and such Acts adjudged, and such Rules and Orders made, to the Office of the Clerk or Prothonotary of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, there to be recorded, depol:U.d and kept: And for every Issue tried, and for every such Assessment of Damage.1 or Non-Suit so returned, he shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the fame Fees as if the fame had been tried and determined at the Supreme Court; and no more to be allowed to him or them in the Taxation of Costs, if Judgments shall go against the Defendant or Defendants; md shall also for his Trouble and Charges herein, receive out of the Surplulh go of his Majesty's Revenue, the Sum of One Hundred Pounds per Annum, payable Quarterly.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs of Subpoena for the Attendance of Witnesses before the said Justices, and other Writs returnable before them, shall issue from the Office of the said Clerk of the Crown, or of the said Clerk of the said Supreme Court of Judicature respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs of Certiorari, for removing Records and Proceedings from Inferior Jurisdictions, which are now all returnable to the Supreme Court of Judicature, shall in all Causes arising within the County of Surry, be made returnable before the said Justices of Surry, at the Courts to be held before them, and the Matters therein contained shall be determined by or before the said Justices : And all such Writs of Certicrari, m all causes arising within the county of Cornwall, shall be made returnable before the said Justices of Cornwall, at the Courts to be held before them and the Matters therein contained, shall be determined by or before the said Justices.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Tint if the said Courts he not held on the Days herein before mentioned, by Reason of the Justices not coming, or by any other Means whatsoever, no Indictment, Information, Action, Cause, Suit or other Matter or Thing whatsoever depending before them, shall thereby be discontinued or out of Court; but the said Justices, at the next Court by them held, may proceed thereupon, as if such preceding court had been duly held and adjourned.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all-cases it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices in their courts, in

of Assize are case one Juryman appear upon the Wrif of Venire Facias, to command by the Days^p- Warrant under their Seal to the Provost Marshal, to summon as many ‘he good and lawful Men of the By-Standers, as shall be sufficient to make up and Aftlons a full Jury; which Perst ns, together with one or more Persons named in contiJueddif' Writ, when so summoned and sworn, shall and may proceed to

Trying, Hearing, and Determining any Matter, or to Assess any Damages depending before the said Justices,

XXVI. An*

tf the Court*

Act 7, 8.

1 he LAWS of JAMAICA.

21

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act be forthwith printed, and Six Copies thereof be delivered to his Honor the Lieutenant-Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly, and Six Copies thereof to the Chief-Justice of this Island, and to each of the present Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, the Charges-whereof are to be paid by the Receiver-General out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

An AE1 appointing a Booh of Entries of the yudg7nents, Ver-diSls, Assessments of Damages, Sentences, Fines, Forfeitures and Amerciaments, recovered, assessed, pronoimced, and imposed at the Courts of Ajfi&e and Oyer and Terminer in the Counties of Surry and Cornwall to be kept in the said Counties.

Parted 9th No-; v ember.

WHEREAS Commissioners of Assize and Oyer and Terminer have Act 8.

been appointed by Law in and for the Counties of Surry and Cornwall in this Island, whereby all Offences whatsoever committed within the said Counties, and all Informations and Actions the Causes whereof arise in the said Counties are Triable in the said respective Counties with the exceptions in the said Act mentioned; and Whereas from the great Distance between the Places where the said Courts are to be held and the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, the badnefsof the Roads and rapid Rivers

at certain Seasons of the Year, accidents may happen in transmitting the Records from the said Courts to the Offices of the Clerk of the Supreme Court and Clerk of the Crown, at the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, whereby your Majesty's Subjects the Suitors of the said Courts may be greatly injured and impoverished no Provision being yet made against such accidents: For Remedy whereof, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most: humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be Enacted, Be it therefore E-naded by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That a Book or Books of Entry shall be constantly kept in Book of entty each of the said Counties of Surry and Cornwall, wherein shall be fairly entered by the said Clerks of the said Court and Crown respectively, a the Peace of| just and true Docket of all the Judgments, Veraids, and Assessments of Kingstoru Damages recovered, given and assessed at each respective Court, and a just and true Docket of all Sentences, Fines, Forfeitures and Amerciaments, pronounced, laid or imposed at the said respective Courts which said Entries so made in the said Books shall be subscribed and attested by the said respective Clerks to be just and true Dockets of the Judgments, Verdicts,

Assessments of Damages, Sentences, Fines, Forfeitures and Amerciaments at each respective Court within two days after the end of each Court, and the said Books of Entries shall be delivered to and kept by the said respective Clerks of the Peace of the Parishes of Kingston and Westmoreland, where the said Courts are to be held and not elsewhere.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if it cL°d!f!-omfafd shall at any Time happen that die Original Records or any of them shall counties shall be loft or damaged* in transmiting the fame from the said Courts in Surry and Cornwall^ to the Offices of the Clerks of the Court and Crown ref-kets to be valid pedively in the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, on Proof thereof made fffaePtheCreon!° before the said Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, and producing the said Dockets or Enines or attested copies thereof the said Court shall cause the said Dockets-.oft Entries to be recorded in the Offices of the VOL. II. F Clerks

22

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 8, 9.

1758. Clerks of the Court and Crown respectively, and the Laid Dockets or Entries so recorded shall be of the fame Force and Effect as the original Judgments, Verdicts, and Assessments of Damages and Sentences, would be in case they were entered up of Record at the said Supreme Court shall order Execution or other due Process to issue thereon accordingly.

Said books to

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid; That the records,penal- Laid Book of Entries shall be deemed Publick Records and be open to the ty on ciazing inspection of all Persons requiring the fame, and if any Person shall alter;

erase or embezzle the said Dockets or Entries, he or they so offending shall be adjudged Guilty of the fame Offence, and on Conviction suffer the like Puniilimerit as Persons Guilty of altering, erasing or embezzleing the Publick Records of this Island. clerks of the

IV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the and pUte fee* Clerk of the Supreme Court for entering each Docket in the aforesaid Books shall be paid and allowed One Rial, and for entering each of the said Dockets of Record in his Office by order of Court to be paid by the Plaintiff, Two Shillings and Six-pence, and allowed in the Taxation of Costs; and the Clerk of the Crown shall be paid and allowed for entering every such Docket in the said Books, Two Shillings and Six-pence, for entering each Docket of Record in his Office by order of Court, Two Shillings and Six-pence and no more, all which said Fees shall be added to the Costs in each Prosecution and paid him in the same Manner as the other Costs on such Prosecutions are paid* and that the Clerk of the Peace be allowed for every Search made in the said Book of Entries, One Shilling and Three-pence, and for every Docket attested by him. Two Shillings and Six-pence and no more, and whosoever shall Neglect or Refuse Penalty on ne-to comply with his and their Duty in this Act mentioned, shall for every gicft of duty. Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in any Court of Record.

Pave<.dmbe,-N°"t0 ascertain and establish the Boundaries of Trelawny Towny and to settle and allot One Thousand Acres of hand for Accompong’i' Town, and to ascertain the Boundaries

Act 9. TT7 HERE AS it hath been found necessary to ascertain and establish , \V the Boundaries of Fifteen Hundred Acres of Land, heretofore stipulated and agreed upon, as and for the Possessions and Residence of Colonel Cudjoe, his Captains, Adherents and Men (being Negroes formerly in Rebellion) at Trelawny Town, in the Parish of Saint James’s and the fame Lands have been accordingly surveyed and run out for that Purpose j We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Aflem-bly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted. Be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority of the same, That the said Fifteen Hundred Acres of Land so as aforesaid stipulated and agreed upon, as and for the Possession and Residence of the said Colonel Cudjoe, his Captains, Adherents and Men at Trelawny Town aforesaid do, and Boundaries of t^ie fame *s hereby declared to .bind Northerly on Land unsurveyed, 1500 acres at Easterly and Southerly on Rocky Mountains and Cockpitts, andmartly TownTny on unsurveyed Land, South Westerly on or near Land patented by Thomas Reid\ Esquire, and North Westerly on Rocky Mountains and Cockpitts,

as

23

Act 9, io. The LAWS of JAMAICA.__________

as more fully appears by the Survey thereof, made by Order of his Honor 1758. the Lieutenant-Governor, the first Day of November, in the Year of our v — v — J Lord, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-seven, recorded in the Secretary’s Ofhce of this Island.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That

One Thousand Acres of Land, in the Parish of Saint Elizabeth'% shall be, 1000 Acres; and the fame is hereby alloted as and for the Possessions and Residence of the Parish Lf Colonel Accompong, his Captain, Adherents and Men (being other PartSt*Ehiabeth-of the Negroes formerly in Rebellion) at Accompong's Town, in the said Parish of Saint Elizabeth's, and that the said Land is hereby declared to bind, Easterly on Land patented by James Smith, and partly on Land patented by George Raxtead, Esquire, South-Easterly on Land patented by Edward and Francis Smith, now belonging to Mr. Samuel Smith,

South on Land patented by Alexander Stanhope, and partly on Land laid out for George Currie, West on Rocky Mountains and Cockpitts, as more particularly appears by a Survey thereof also made and recorded, by Order and at the Time and Manner aforesaid:

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the velud^in* the said respective Negroes shall from henceforth have and enjoy the said re- maroon negro* spective Parcels of Land, surveyed and allotted for them as aforesaid, and their heir# peaceably and quietly to them and their Posterity forever. And if any Surveyor or other Persons shall any Ways intrude on the said Lands to

molest or disturb the said Negroes and their Posterity in their said Pof-sessions, he or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, possessions in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi entered; one Moiety whereof shall be to our Soverign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same.

An Act for the Total RejniJfion of everal Debts due to the Pu- *2* bitch) from divers of New Settlers at Norman’s Valley, Man-chioneal and Portland.

WHEREAS the several and respective Persons herein after named Act stand indebted to the Publick in several Sums of Money to them advanced for their Subsistance on their coming over to and becoming Set-lers in this Island, on the Encouragement of the several Laws for that Purpose made and provided, viz. Edward Keats, six pounds six shillings

James Laughlin, six pounds; Benjamin Wood, six pounds John Thomson, seven pounds; Charles Barron, five pounds; John Marshal, sixty three pounds fourteen shillings and nine pence halfpenny; Thomas Hopkins, ninety nine pounds eighteen shillings and four pence halfpenny; Richard Barritt, fourteen pounds twelve shillings and six pence; William Baird, one hundred and seventeen pounds nine shillings and four pence halfpenny; Harry Ross, fourteen pounds one shilling and seven pence;

William Nugent, one hundred and ten pounds fourteen shillings and three pence halfpenny; Joseph Greenaway, thirty seven pounds sixteen shillings and two pence; Samuel Earl, thirty seven pounds, Samuel Gillyat, two hundred and nineteen pounds nineteen shillings and one penny halfpenny

Edward Rogers, one hundred and twelve pounds; Katherine Hall, forty one pounds sixteen shillings and three pence, James Coleman, two hundred and twenty five pounds; Jean Fears, eighty nine pounds three shillings and nine pence; Thomas Wiefe, seventeen pounds; James Anderson, two

hundred

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act io.

m

Debts by the several PeiTuns remit. eJ.

hundred and fifteen pounds seven shillings and seven pence halfpenny; shm Hooper seventy five pounds seventeen shillings and six pence; William LittUwood, two hundred and thirty pounds fourteen shillings and three pence; Elizabeth Mortimer, one hundred and ninety five pounds three hi Tilings and eight pence half penny; JoJJjua Gyliat fifty five pounds seven shillings and six pence; Walter Buor Lodge, two hundred and twelve pounds six shillings andeightper.ee; James Graham, fifty one pounds ten shillings; James Sells, one hundred and fifty pounds; William Richer Jfon, one hundred and seven pounds and seven pence halfpenny; Samuel Gyllyat, Junior, one hundred and eighty three pounds two shillings and six pence; John Gyllyat, thirty three pounds; Thomas Gyllyat, ninety seven pounds; Howard Gyllyat, eighty three pounds fourteen shillings and nine pence; John Hr fall, Junior, fifteen pounds twelve shillings and six pence; Benjamin Coppln, one hundred and twenty three pounds five shillings; David Brown, Senior, two hundred and sixty pounds; David Brown, Junior, one hundred and ninety eight pounds; Thomas Brown, twenty six pounds two flail lings; George Cherry, one hundred and forty five pounds; John Franklyn, seven pounds two shillings and six pence; Jcjipb Fa.Jen, thirty one pounds and (our pence; William Lcwin, sixty eight poundsfourtecnlhiliings; John Deacon fifty two pounds ten shillings; New-year Smith, one hundred and twenty three pounds ten shillings; Wharton Rcath, one hundred and seventy three pounds two shillings; Mary Frankly it, one hundred and ninety three pounds seventeen shillings and six pence; John Thompson, one hundred and forty three pounds fifteen shillings; Peter King one hundred and twenty eight pounds ten shillings; John Salmon seventy five pounds four shillings; William Morgan two hundred and lix pounds seven shillings and six pence; John Webber, two hundred and eleven pounds two shillings and lix pence; Henry Lawrence, seventy five pounds; Joseph Bourke, seventy pounds five shillings; Peter Hajfell, one hundred and fifteen pounds; Benjamin Garrell, sixty eight pounds; Joseph Hatton one hundred and fifty four pounds; John Park, one hundred and seventy one pounds fifteen shillings; John Edney, one hundred and thirty pounds seventeen shillings and six pence; John James Barry, one hundred and eighty two pounds fifteen shillings; Thomas Bourke, one hundred and four pounds; Hugh Williams, two hundred and twenty six pounds,five shillings.

II. And Whereas on account of many Losses and misfortunes incurred in carrying on their several Settlements conformable to the Terms of these Laws, the aforesaid persons are so reduced in their Circumstances, that without great Distress to themselves and Families they are unable to make Satisfaction to the Publick for their said Debts; in Compassion therefore to the said several New Comers and their Circumstances, and to encourage them chearfully to go on in settling and improving of their respective Lands, Wc your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; Be' it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, that the several and respective Persons herein before mentioned, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, are from the passing of this Act, hereby wholly released and discharged of and from their said several Debts to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the said Debts are hereby totally remitted to them, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act ii, i

'lie LAWS of JAMAICA.

25

An Act for repealing an API for the better and more effectual 1758• EncoKrage?nent. oj I A hue Families, to become Settlers in this If and, and for giving a Bounty to certain Artificers to co?ne ^cdm,b8ctrh of over atul exercise their fevera I "Trades (after a certain Time*)

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that an Act for the better and more effectual Encouragement of White Families to Act II-become Settlers in this Jlland, and for giving a Bounty to certain Artificers to come over arid exercise their several Trades, passed in the Month ot December, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty-nine, hath been attended with great Expence to the Public, and hath not answered the Ends for which the Legislature intended it; We your Majesty's moR dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enabled, and it is enabled by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the aforesaid Act, passed in the Month of December in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty nine, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall, from and after the first day of November, which will be in the Year < f Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty nine, be, and is hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes.

II. Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained is meant or intended to repeal an Act, intitled, an Act for making Provision for such Persons as may arrive from any of his Majestys Sugar Colonies, but that the same shall Rill be and remain in full force.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island cause this Act to be printed, and thirty Copies thereof delivered to the Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and three Copies to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly, and that he be paid for the same by the Receiver General, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act for the better re?ulatijig and ascertaining the Method of paired of

J' J f J n J r , , November.

taking Bonds granted to his Majesty, for Money arifutg or becoming due upon Escheats,.

WHEREAS great Losses have happened and may hereafter hap- Act 12) pen to his Majesty's Revenue by the present Method of taking the Bonds granted to his Majesty for Money arising upon Escheats, for Remedy whereof. We your Majesty's moR dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do moR humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted. Be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted, by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who shall hereafter obtain Escheats for any Lands, Tenements, Negroes or other Hereditaments whatsoever, shall before he,

Ihe or they take out or obtain a Patent or Patents for the fame, repair to the Receiver General’s Office in Kingston, and there enter into Bond Escheat with two good and sufficient Securities, payable in three Years to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for such Sum or Sums as shall be due to

ceiver Gene*

his Majesty for the Lands, Tenements, Negroes or other Hereditaments ,al’s office* so escheated, for which Bond the Receiver General is to receive the Sum His Fee. of Ten Shillings and no more, and he is hereby directed and required to charge the Persons entering into such Bonds the with Amount thereof in Public Books of his Majesty's Revenue.

VOL. II. G

26

i7S8-

Clerk of the Patents on producing such Certificate to issue out the Patent.

Patents gratried otherwise declared void.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 12,13.'

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That upon such Bond with Security being entered into as aforesaid, the Receiver General for the Time being, is hereby ordered and required to grant unto such Person or Persons a Certificate directed to the Clerk of the Patents setting forth, that he, she or they hath entered into Bond with Security for the Money arising or becoming due to his Majesty for such Escheats granted as aforementioned, upon producing of which, signed by the Receiver General or his lawful Deputy and not otherwise, the Clerk of the Patents for the Time being, is hereby directed and required to issue out the Patent or Patents for such Lands, Tenements, Negroes or other Hereditaments to the Person or Persons who hath obtained the Escheat for the fame, and that no Patent for any Lands, Tenements, Negroes or other Hereditaments hereafter to be escheated, shall be granted odierwife, and if any such shall be hereafter granted in any other Manner than as aforesaid, every such Grant or Patent shall be deemed illegal Null and Void, any Thing in this or in any other A<fl, Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Palled ltd of November.

An Act for making the Port of Kingston, the Port of Savanna la Mar and the Ports of Montego Bay and Port Antonio, Ports of Entry and Clearance for all Ships and Vessels, and to : pr eve fit the Sinking of TVrecks and throwing Ballast in any of the Roads or Harbours of this If and, and for repealing an j A81 intitled, an Act for the more effectual carrying into Ex-, cution a Clause in an Act, intitled, An Act for encouragi ig White People to come over and become Settlers in this Island, and for the more easy and speedy settling the North East Part thereof, for making Port Antonio a Port of Entry and Clearance of all Ships and Vessels.

Act i •?. \\ 7 HERE AS his Majesty in Council on the Twenty-ninth day of W June in the present Year of Our Lord one Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-eight, was pleased to order that the following Places, viz. Kingston, Savanna la Mar, Montego Bay and Port Antonio, be, and they were thereby established and ordained to be legal Ports of Entry and Clearance for Ships in the said Island of Jamaica, and his Majesty did thereby order, direct and require the Receiver General of his Majesty's Revenue, the Naval Officer, the Collector of his Majesty's Customs, and the Secretary of this Island, together with all other Officers whose Duties have any Relation to what concerns the Trade and Shipping of the said Island, to attend themselves or to appoint sufficient Deputies to attend and keep their respective Offices in the said Ports, and to do their Duty therein in such manner and under such Regulations, Restrictions and Securities as are required and directed with respect to Ports of Entry and Clearance in General, by the Law passed from Time to Time for the better Regulation of the Plantation Trade, and also in such manner as is directed and required with Respect to any particular Places or Ports within the said Island by Laws heretofore passed there and not repealed so far at least as the Regulations prescribed by such Laws are applicable to Ports in general. And his Majesty was thereby further pleased to order, that the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, should cause his Majesty's Commands therein to be duly published and to recommend in his Majesty's Name to the Council and Assembly of the said Island to make Provision for the Payment of such Salaries

Act i 3.

27

The LAWS of JAMAIC A.

Salaries and Allowances of the several Officers who are to attend the 1758. Duty of those Ports, as should be judged reasonable and proper not exceeding the Sum of Seventy Pounds per Annum to each of them. And his Majesty was pleased further to order, that the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury should give such Orders and Instructions to the Officers who are to attend the Duty of those Ports and are under their Lordships Department as they should judge proper and necessary upon this Occasion. And Whereas the aforesaid Officers of his Majesty's Customs and Revenue, keep their respective Offices in the Town oI Kings on, and Whereas, it is of the utmost Importance to the Trade and Welfare of this Island, that his Majesty's said Orders should be moll: effectually executed.

May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and Be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica, That the Receiver General, the Naval nera'l^Navail Officer, the Secretary of this Island, and the Collector of the Customs, tar^and CoN shall by themselves or their respective lawful Deputies to be thereunto itaor.required respectively appointed from and after the First Day of December next en- the'pom'of suing keep their respective Offices at the said Ports ot Kingston, Savanna Kingston, sa-la Mar, Montego Bay and Port Antonio, and give Attendance in such Montego^a/ their respective Offices in the same manner and under the like Penalties and Port An-in case of Non-attendance as the Receiver General, Secretary and Navaltomo* Officer, are respectively obliged to give in the Town of Kingston by Virtue of an Act of the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly, of this Island, intitled. An Act for making Kings on a Parish'. And be it also enacted, that the respective Deputies of the.Receiver General, Naval Their DePu. Officer and Collector of the Customs, have respectively the fame Autho-^es8f°^f^dv°f* rity in the said Ports as the Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, the fame au-and Naval Officer respectively, have and exercise in Kingston or elsewherere^eaiveVortli by Virtue of an Act of the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, as the prind. entitled. An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- hale°d?ewher» cess'ors, for the Support of the Government of this If and, and for reviving and perpetuating the ABs and Laws thereof

II. And be it also enacted, That all Masters of Ships or Vessels that shall Mailers of vet. enter into the said Ports shall be at Liberty to give in Security as is re-«ifd pStfto quired by an Act, intitled. An Act requiring all Masters of Ships and Vef- fh‘Jreerecurity fels to give Security in the Secretary's Office, before the Deputies of the ere’ Secretary of this Island for the Time being, who shall be appointed at the said respective Ports of Kingston, Savanna la Mar, Montego Bay and Port Antonio, by Virtue of this Act, who is hereby required to transmit such Securities every three Months to the Secretary’s Office in Saint Jago de la Vega, to be filed there,

III. And be it also enacted, That the Deputies so to be appointed by ^0^11* the Receiver General, Naval Officer, Secretary and Collector of the Cuf- per Annum! toms, for keeping their Offices at the said respective Ports of Savanna la

Mar, Montego Bay and Port Antonio, shall receive for their Salary ref-pedively, the Sum of Seventy Pounds per Annum, to be paid them by the Receiver General for the Time being, out of the Surplufs of such Funds as shall at any Time be unappropriated in his Hand^.

IV. And be it also enacted, That all Ships or Vessels entering in the veflei*from said Ports of Savanna la Mar, Montego Bay and Port Antonio, from any ^y$Iacc to £lace to the Norward of the Tropic of Cancer, shall be at Liberty toonhe°Tropic pay the Gun-powder that shall be due from such Ships or Vessels, by°£c^"r^V Virtue of the Ad herein before mentioned, intitled. An All of the Go- deJdutyXhe vernor. Council and Assembly of this If and, for granting a Revenue to his STd^ Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for the Support of the Government of this ties at said Island, and for reviving and perpetuating the Alls and Laws thereof, into Port*-

the Hands of the Receiver General’s Deputies at the said Ports to be lodged in the Magazines of and for the use of the Forts there, any Law or

Custom

28

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Acti3, 14.

1758. Custora, to the contrary notwithstanding, who is hereby required to keep — -----' a particular Account of the lame.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act of the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, passed in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty-nine, intitled. An Aid for the more effectual carrying into Execution, a Clause in an Act, intitled. An Act for encouraging White People to come over and become Settlers in this Jfand, and for the more easy and speedy settling the North East Part thereof for snaking Port Antonio a Port of Entry and Clearance of all Ships and Kefjels, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained from the passing hereof, be and Hand repealed, penalty of VI. Amd whereas the Sinking of Wrecks and Throwing of Ballad

r^rccI.sin the several Roads and Harbours of this Island, is very pernicious to

!n in"Sou.s! S the said Roads and Harbours; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Wreck or Wrecks shall be sunk, or Ballast thrown into any of the Roads or Harbours of this Island, on Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of One Hundred Pounds for every fitch Offence, and be further liable to remove the fame. Provided, that it shall be lawful to and for the Justices of the respective Pa-

Miioi"mi• ri^es> where such Roads and Harbours respectively are in their Quarter-

ennitan.! di-Sessions to give Leave to any Person or Persons to fink any Wreck or Ingof^wi-ciks Wrecks in any Part of the said respective Roads and Harbours that may ior careening by them be thought mofl convenient for Careening of Ships and Vessels, oi \ends. an(j not otherwise, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding, all which said Penalties shall be one Half to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Half to the Informer o.r him or them that shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, wherein no Essoign Protection or Wager of Law, shall be granted or allowed or Non Vult Ulterins Profcqui entered, any Law, Custom or Usage to the Contrary in K n don w any notwithstanding. Provided also, that the Provision in this Act l)umSexcepted" mentioned against sinking of Wrecks and throwing of Ballast in the said Roads and Harbours of this Island, shall notrin anywise affect or concern the Harbour of Kingston, which is already guarded by Law against the like Inconveniences.

Ain ASl for ere Sling and appointing common Goals at the Town of Kingsron, in and for the County of Surry, and at the Town of May- Savanna la Mar, in a?id for the County of Cornwall.

Act 14. "f T WHEREAS it is become necessary, that common Goals should be W erected at the Town of Kingston, in and for the County of Surry, and at the Town of Savanna la Mar, in and for the County of Cornwall, We your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica, mofl humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted. Be it therefore Enacted, by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island, And it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That a sufficient Goal be forthwith erected and built at the said Town of Kingston, in and for the said County of Surry, and one other sufficient Goal at the said Town of Savanna la Mar in and for the said County of Cornwall, at the Expence of the Publick.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That 3osci. granted a Sum not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, shall be appropriated and applied for the Purposes aforesaid, and that Robert Graham, Esq; or the

Receiver

29

Act 14, 15, 16. lhe LAWS of JAMAICA.

Receiver-General for the Time being, out of the Surplufiage of any of 1759.

the Funds in his Hands unappropriated, shall pay from Time to Time to 1-J

the orders of the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of Kings on, in the ju(Hc, and County of Surry for the Time being, who are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Building the said Goal in the Town of Kingston, for the pointed c*m. County of Surry, or to any five of them, such Monies as shall be expended in and about the purchasing Land, and building the said Goal not exceeding One Thouftmd Five Hundred Pounds, part of the said Sum of Three Thouftmd Pounds, and to the order of the Justice and Vestry of the Parish j,(KcC, and of Westmoreland in the County of Cornwall for the Time being, who are ^Sl^riand hereby appointed Commissioners for the building the said Goal at Savanna appointed la Mar, in the County of Cornwall or to any five of them, such Monies CoraraiflioMr* as shall be expended in and about the purchasing Land, and building the said Goal, not exceeding One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, other part of the aforesaid Sum of Three Thousand Pounds.

An Act to repeal part of an ASl, in tit led, An Act for vesting the Pa^,tJr^0* Sum of One Thousand Pounds, devised by the Last Will and Testame?it of Peter Beckford, Esq*, deceased, to the Poor of the Parish of Saint Catherine, in a Free-School, in the Towti of Saint Jago de la Vega, and for ereSling a Corporation for the better Government thereof \

WHEREAS by a Clause of an Act, intitled. An Act for vejling Jhe Act 15I Sum of One Thousand Pounds, devised by the Laf Will and Tef ament of Peter Beckford, Esquire, deceased, to the Poor of the Parish of Saint Catherine, in a Free-School in the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, and for ereSling a Corporation for the better Government thereofj It is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Governors therein named, or such General Court of them as aforesaid, to elect such and so many other Governors, as to them shall seem convenient. And whereas many inconveniencies have arisen from such power being vested in the said Governors. For remedy whereof, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted. Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Clause herein before recited, and every matter and thing therein contained shall be utterly void and of none eifed, any Thing in the said Act to the Contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act to vest in Trustees a Piece or Parcel of Land\ in the 1760I Parish of Saint Elizabeth, to be Sold for the use of the said Parish, and with the Money arising from such Sale, to pur- ofober. chafe other Lands for the use of the Parsonage there.

WHEREAS George Raxtead and Francis Smith, Esquires, the pre- Act 16, sent Church-wardens of the said Parish of Saint Elizabeth, in right of their said Office, and to the use of the said Parish, are possessed of, and intitled unto, a certain piece or parcel of Land at Black River in the said Parish, containing about one third Part of half an Acre of Land,

vith a Tenement and Buildings thereon, and now or late in the Tenure VOL. II. H and

3°

The LA W S of JAMAICA.

Act i 6.

j 760.

I’erf'in' ip-pomted to nuke l olls.

Purchase money how appropriated.

and Occupation of Jacob Alberqnerque, Shopkeeper : And whereas the said Piece of Land and Premises, is but of very little Use or Benefit to the said Parish, but by the Sale thereof Money may be raised and laid out in the Purchase of Mountain Land, contiguous to the Glebe Land, for raising Provisions for the support of the Negroes belonging to the Parsonage oi said Parish, which is now procured at great Expence, there being no Land belonging thereto for that Purpose : And whereas such Sale and Purchase cannot be effectually made without the Aid and Afiiflance of the Legislature; Mayit therefore please your most excellent Majesty, at the humble Suit of the Justices, Chijrch Wardens, Rector and Vestry-men of the said Parish, that it may be enacted. Be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the said Piece of Land and Premisses, be and the fame is hereby veiled in John Olyphant, Henry Gale, 'Robert Delap, George Rax Lead, and Francis Smith, Esquires, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon this special trull; and confidence j Nevertheless and to the Intent and Purpose that the said John Olyphant, Henry Gale, Robert Delap, George Rax tend and Francis Smith, or any two of them, shall or may by any Deed or Deeds in the Law, duly sealed and delivered by them, or any two of them, absolutely grant, bargain, fell, convey and confirm the said Piece or Parcel of Land and Buildings thereon, with the PremifiTes so as aforesaid, hereby vested in them, their Heirs and Assigns, and the Fee-simple and Inheritance unto ond’or more Purchaser or Purchasers for the bell: Price that can be got for the fame, which the said John Olyphant, Henry Gale, Robert Dtlap, George Raxtead and Francis Smith, or any two of them, are hereby enabled, authorized and impowered to grant, bargain, sell and convey as aforesaid, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Purchaser or Purchasers shall and may securely hold and enjoy the said Land and PremifTes with the Appurtenances by Virtue of this Act.

II. And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Receipt and Receipts which shall be given by the said John Olyphant, Henry Gale, Robert Delap, George Raxtead and Francis Smith, or any two of them, for the Sale of said Land and Premisses so as aforesaid, veiled in such Purchaser or Purchasers for the Purchase Money, which shall beadually paid for the same, shall be good and sufficient discharges both in Law and Equity, to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Olyphant, Henry Gale, Robert Delap, George Raxtead and Fran-•cis Smith, or any two of them, do and shall, and they are hereby directed and required to-apply-the Money arising from such Sale of said Land and Premisses, in the Purchase of Mountain Land in the Parish of Saint Elizabeth, for the Use and Benefit of the present Incumbent and his Successors, ‘for Provision GroundTor the Negro Slaves belonging to the Parsonnge of said Parish of Saint Elizabeth, and for no other Use whatsoever, saving to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Eleirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and to their respective Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons'whatsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, (except the said George Raxtead and Francis Smith and their Successors, Church-Wardens as aforesaid) all such Right, Title, Intertfl, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, in, or to the said Land and Premisses herein directed to be sold, or any part thereof as they or any of them had either in Law or Equity at the time of making this Act, or might or could have so had if this Act had never been made.

IV, Provider

C 1' 1

The

LAWS of JAMAICA.

3i

IV. Provided always, That this Act: or any Clause, Article or Thing 1760.

herein contained, shall not take Place or be of any Force or Efteft until 1-.

the lame shall have received your Majesty's Royal Approbation, any Law,

Cullom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to encourage the Breed of good and large Horses.

Parted 30th of October.

IT'OR ASMUCII as the Generation and Breed of good, strong and swift ^CT J7.

Horses within this Island, extends not only to the great help and de- '

fence of the fame, but also is of great commodity and profit to the Inhabitants thereof, which is now much decayed and diminished, by Reason that in Commons, Savannahs and Waste Grounds within this Island, little Stoned Horses and Nags of very small Stature and little Value, be not only suffered to Pasture and Feed thereon, but to cover and leap Mares feeding there, whereof cometh n® manner of profit or commodity; For remedy whereof, and for the Increase of better, swifter and stronger Horses hereafter in this Island, We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted. Be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of October, which will be in the Year of our Lord one Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty, no Person or Persons upon any Pretence whatsoever shall have, or put to Pasture upon any Commons, Savannahs and Waste Grounds within this Island, any Stoned Horse or Horses above the Age of three Years and not being of the altitude or height of Fourteen Hands, to be measured from the ioweft part of the Hoof of the fore Foot to the highest part of the Withers, and every Hand to contain four Inches of the Standard, to ^ed^no"per-Pasture or Feed, or be in or upon any of the said Commons, Savannahs or pitted to Waste Grounds within this Island, nor shall put, feed or pasture any Stoned vannah. *' Horse or Horses being above the Age of three Years, and not being of the altitude or height of Fourteen Hands, to be measured as aforesaid, within or upon any of the like Grounds before mentioned, upon Pain or Forfeiture of the said Horse or Horses, which shall be turned in or upon any of the said Grounds, Commons, Savannahs or Wastes at any Time after the said Twenty-ninth day of October, which will be in the Year of our Lord one Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons that shall find Persons m»y any such Plorfe or Horses in or upon the said Commons, Savannahs or Waste Grounds contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to cany them seize and take the said Horse or Horses, and to carry the fame before any a one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parish and Precinct, where the same shall be found, to have the said Horse or Horses measured as aforesaid. And if the said Horse or Horses shall be found not to be of the altitude or height aforesaid, then the said Horse or Horses shall be forfeited to, and the property thereof immediately vested in the Person or Persons taking up the fame, and shall be by the said Justice delivered over to the said Person or Persons so seizing and taking up the fame, to be by Ma caftrat# him or them immediately castrated under the Penalty of Ten Pounds; but them." " if the Ownpr or Proprietor of such Horse shall within the space of Six Months after such castration, tender to the Party taking him up the Sum owner paying of Ten Pound?, then and in such Case he shall be restored to the said Pro- *°i. tot^d prietor, any Law, Custom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding. tiemreturne

III. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Proviso*

Act, that nothing herein before contained shall extend or be construed to .extend to any Stoned Horse or Horse? that shall happen to break, escape or

32__________ The LAWS ot' JAMAICA. Act t7.

1760. go out of any Pasture, Inclosure, Yard or Stable, against the Will of the v- — v- — > Owner or Possefibr of any such Horse or Horses into any of the said Commons, Savannahs or Waste Grounds, so that such Horse or Hcrfes so breaking, escaping, or going out, do not remain or abide in any of the said Commons, Savannahs or Waile Grounds, for the space of Three Months at any one Time.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons after the Twenty-ninth day of October, in the Year of our Lord one Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty, shall have in, or put to Pasture any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Mule or Afs, infected

difeaftd cattle with Scab, Mange or Farcey, into or upon any of the said Commons, liable to be Savannahs or Waste Grounds, upon Pain or Forfeiture for every Offence fined. the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parish and Precind where such Offence shall be committed, to the Use of the Informer, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattles by Warrant directed to the Constable or Constables, under the Hand and Seal of the said justice, any Law, Custom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any ci’.im ™iVe Mailer or Mailers of Ships or other Vessels, or any other Person or Persons port In h or re s imPorting into this Island from that part of Great Britain called Bn gland, or mares. any good found Stone Horse or Mare, of the altitude or height of Fifteen

Hands to be measured as aforesaid, and not exceeding the Age of Five Years shall have and receive of and from the Receiver General of this Island a Bounty or Sum of Ten Pounds, Current Money of this Island, as an Encouragement for importing of every such Horse or Mare, which said Bounty shall be allowed to the said Receiver General out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons within this Island, hath or shall breed any Horse or Horses or ^are t^iat *s or l^all be of the altitude or height of Fourteen Hands jvures°i4 or and a Half at three Years old or under, and which is not yet of hatfhM?ma l^at Age> hich Person or Persons shall have and receive the Sum of claim igoi.may Ten Pounds, as a Reward for each of the said Horses or Mares, to be paid by the Receiver General upon producing a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of any two of his Majesty's Justices of Peace, who are hereby impowered and required to cause the said Horses or Mares, upon sufficient Proof before them made of the Breed and Age of the fame, and that the Bounty by this Act given hath not been already allowed to be measured as aforesaid, and to grant such Certificates accordingly. Provided, Iristand That'such Breed shall not proceed from any Horse or Mare imported from ^orth^Ame- Ireland, or from his Majesty's Northern Colonies, which said Sums of excludedes Money so to be paid by the Receiver General shall be allowed him out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General for the Time being, shall and he is hereby directed and

pUrfc of 100 required to furnish and provide a Purse of One Hundred Pifloles once every njn°fv>r anniT ^ear’ anc* t^iat *ke ^me shall be annually run for on the first Thursday in ally. annu" March in each Year, in or near Spanifo Town Savannah, upon a two Mile Course the befl of three Heats under such Rules and Regulations, as are usually at Races in Great Britain, by any Stoned Horses or Mares carrying Ten Stone each, Fourteen Pounds to the Stone, and that no Stoned Horse or Mare shall be suffered to win more than one of the said Purses, which said Sum of One Hundred Pifloles shall annually be paid and allowed to the said Receiver General out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated. And the Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, or such Person as he shall appoint shall be Judge of the said Race.

VIII. Anjt

Act i 8. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

33

VIII. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act and every Clause or Matter therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Virtue for the Term of Ten Years from the Palling hereof* and from thence to the End of the next Session of Assembly.

1 'i

An Act for making a Turtipike Road, from that part of Pindars hired »sth of River called Grahams in the Parish of Clarendon, to the King’s Highway leading through Bodies Pen to Old Harbour in the Parish of Saint Dorothy.

HERE AS the Opening, Laying out, and Making Roads in this ^CT Island, has contributed greatly to the settling and cultivating the fame, and to the Security, Ease and Convenience of the Inhabitants, and Whereas the Opening, Laying out, and Making of a new Road, from that part of Pindars River in the Parish of Clarendon in the County of Middlesex, called Graham's, being the Estate and Property of Nicholas Bourke,

Esquire, to the King’s high Road leading through Bodies Penn to Old Harbour in the Parish of Saint Dorothy in the said County, would be of great Utility and Advantage to the said Parishes and Places adjacent, as well as to the Publick in General; Wherefore, we your Majesty's most Trustees a dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Af- pointed* fembly, of the Island of Jamaica, do beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Fearon, William Bedford, James Rodon, Nicholas Bourke, George Mackenzie, Thomas Iredell, John MLeod, Richard Lewing, Robert Long, Edward

Long, James Prevojl and Robert Burbery, Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, and the said Trullees hereby appointed, or that shall hereafter be appointed by Virtue j of this Act, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized by the ways and means in this Act mentioned, provided and directed or any of them to open and make a convenient Road for the Passage and Carriage from and through that part of Pindars River aforesaid called Grahams in through and over divers Plantations and Lands herein after mentioned; that is to say, the hands of Ratcliff, Lockwood and Mr. Beckford’s Estates of Rock River, the Valley and Moors, from thence in the most convenient directions through the Lands of Long, Tasse, William Beckford, M'Kenzie, TrufleM Beach, M‘Leodand Edmonds, or through any other Lands that may be ne- enter and cellary towards compleating the said Road into the King’s Road, leading through Bodies Penn to Old Harbour aforesaid. And it is hereby enacted and Roadl‘ declared, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Trullees or any three or more of them, shall and lawfully may enter into the said several lands and Plantations herein before mentioned, and lay out in the moll convenient direction and with the lead: damage to the Owners and Occupiers thereof a new Road leading from Graham's aforesaid, to the King’s High Road, leading through Bodies Penn to Old Harbour aforesaid, which Road being so laid out shall be deemed and taken to be the Road by this Act, intended to be. made and shall be, and be used as a Publick road or King’s Highway. And it is hereby enacted, That in Cafe any Dispute shall happen to arise between the said Trullees and any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Plantations, through which the said New Road is directed or intended to be made by Virtue of, or under the Authority of this Act, touching the convenient direction and laying out the said New Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace of the said Parishes of Clarendon or Saint Dorothy 'respectively, and he is hereby required, at the Request of the said Trullees hereby appointed, or that shall hereafter be appointed, or any three or more of them, or of the Owners or Occupiers as aforesaid, to issue their Warrants to any Constable of VOL. II, I the

The LA WS of JAMAICA.

Act i 8.

Neg'fft of Duty furieit SoL

To ertft turn pikes.

1760. the Parish where such Dispute shall arise to impannel and warn a Jury . — v — before him the said Justice, consisting of twelve Persons to be impartially where dilutes named and chosen in the said Parishes of Clarendon and Saint Dorothy ref-^‘funlmon" Pe<ftively, where such Dispute shall happen which said Jury upon their jury to lay out Oaths to be administred by the said Justice, who is hereby impowered the R(sid. and required to administer the same, shall lay out such Road in, through and over such Lands or Plantations, where such Difference shall happen according to their belt Skill and Judgment, and the Intent of this Act, and shall make Return thereof under their Hands and Seals to the said Justice, and the said Justice shall certify the fame under his Hand and Seal to the said Trustees, which said Road so to be laid out by such Jury and returned as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be the Road intended and directed to be made by Virtue of this Act, and to be a Public Road or King’s Highway.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice, Constable or Juryman shall neglect his Duty herein, every such Justice shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and every such Constable and Juryman the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Offence, which said Forfeitures shall be applied to the use of the said new Road, and berecoverable against such Constable and Juryman or any of them by Warrant of Distress, to be issued under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace, arid against such Justice of the Peace, by Bill, Plaint or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees hereby appointed, or that shall hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any three or more of them or such Penon or Persons as they or any three or more of them shall direct or appoint, shall and may and they are hereby authorized and impowered to erect and set up one or more Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or across the said Road ac the discretion of the said _Trustees or any three or more of them, and from Time to Time to erect and set up any one or more, other Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across any part or parts, place or places of the said Road as to the said Trustees hereby appointed, or to be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any three or mor: of them, shall at any Time or Times during the continuance of this Act, seem requisite and expedient, and to receive and take before any Horse or Horses, Mare, Mules, Afs, Steer or Cattle of any kind, shall be permitted to pass through the said Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, the several Tolls and Duties following, that is to say, for every such Horse, Mare, Mule, Afs, Steer, Cow, or other Beast laden or unladen. Seven Pence Halfpenny, and for every drove of Hogs, Sheep, or Goats, the Sum of Five Shillings perfcore, and so in proportion for any greater or less number, which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the name of, for, and as a Toll or Duty and the Money so to be raised and collected, shall be, and is hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every part thereof shall be paid, applied and disposed of, or assigned to, and for the making, amending and keeping in repair the

Money appro-said Road hereby intended to be made and repaired, and to and for the fe-pairing the veral Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein after declared and directed. And the said Trustees or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered by themselves or by any other Person or Persons, by them or any three or more of them, under their Hands and Seals thereunto authorized to levy the Tolls or Duties hereby required to be paid upon any Person or Persons who shall (after demand thereof made,) refuse or neglect to pay the same by Distress of any Horse, Mare, Mule, Afs, Steer, Cow, or other Cattle or Goods upon which any Toll or Tolls is and are by this Act imposed, or of any other of the Goods and Chattle of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, and the

Horse

Rates of turn pike fees.

Road.

Act i 8.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

35

Horse, Marc, Mule, Afs, Steer, Cow, or other Cattle or Goods so dif- 1760. trained to detain and keep until such Toll or Duty with the reasonable charge of such Distress shall be paid, and further it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so distraining at the expiration of five Days after such Distress made and taken (such Toll or Duties with the reasonable charges of distraining, detaining and keeping not being then paid,) to fell the Goods so distrained, returning the overplus (if any be) fcrf°onsare upon demand to the owner thereof, after such Toll or Duty and reason- their Cattle to able charges for such Distress and Sale shall be deducted and paid. and7oTdfor

IV. Provided always, That no Gate or Turnpike to be erected and payment, set up in, upon or across the aforesaid Road, as by this Act is directed shall be taken down or removed or any other new Gate or Turnpike shall hereafter be erected or set up, in, upon or across, any part of the said Road, except by order of the said Trullees, or any three or more of them at a Meeting for that purpose to be appointed, whereof ten days notice shall be given in Writing by the Clerk of the said Trullees, to be fixed on all the Turnpike Gates to be erected on the said Road by Virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the right and property of all the Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and Toll-houses or Toli-house to be erected by Virtue of this Act,

shall be vested in the said Trustees appointed or to be appointed to put the fame in Execution, and they or any three or more of them are hereby Ga™s?iabieto impowered to bring Actions, and also to prefer Bills of Indictment against indictment. any Person or Persons who shall (leal, break down, take away or spoil such Bar or Bars, Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll-houses or Toll-house, or any or either of them so erected as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees appointed, or to be appointed toput this Act in Execution, shall during the continuance thereof, take care to have all Receipts, Payments,

Pebts, Orders and Contracts had, made^ contracted or entered into for or upon account of the making and amending the said Road, and all other

the proceedings and transactions of them the said Trustees or those ap- To keep fair pointed by, and under them to be forthwith fairly written and entered (by Accountbo5’It? a Clerk for that purpose to be appointed) in one or more Book or Books to be kept for that purpose, which said Entries, Orders and Contracts,

shall be deemed and taken to be the original Orders, as if the fame were under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the said Trustees, which said Book or Books, and also the said Book or Books herein after directed to be kept for entering the alignments of the Tolls and transfers thereof, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all cases of Suits or Actions touching any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and that any of the said Trustees so appointed or to be appointed, or Assignee or Transferee of the said Tolls shall and may take Copies thereof, paying for the Words of every Copy according to the Law of the Country.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That all such Entries so to be made in every such Book shall be of the Hand Writing of such Clerk only in the presence of the said Trustees or any three or more of them at a Publick meeting of the said Trustees, and all such Entries in the said Book or Books .shall be signed by the said Trustees, who shall be present at such Meeting and countersigned by the said Clerk by whom such Entry or Entries shall be made.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any false Entry, Interlineation, Razure or Obliteration, shall be wilfully made in any or either of the Book or Books, so as aforesaid directed to be kept with intent to defraud the said Trustees of any part of the Tolls directed to be paid by this Act, or to charge the said Tolls or Trustees with any Sum or Sums of Money not really and bona Fide due from them or the said Tolls to any Person or Persons whatsoever or to

prejudice

The LAWS of JAMAICA. ' Act 18.

fvh

prejudice or effect the right of any Person or Persons who shall take alignments of the said Tolls, on theloan of any Sum or Sums of Money, or transfer of such Assignments as herein after is directed, every Person and Persons making such false Entry, Interlineation, Razure or Obliteration, with intent as aforesaid, shall be subject to, and suffer all the Pains and Penalties inflicted by an Act of the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, intitled. An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment of Forgery.

IX. And forasmuch as the Money to be collected by the Receipt of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, will not be sufficient for the speedy making and amending of the Road hereby directed to be made and repaired; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals to assign over, or Mortgage the Tolls, Duties, or Yearly payments aforesaid, or any Part thereof the Costs and Charges of such Assignment or Mortgage to be borne and paid out of such Tolls, Duties, or Yearly Payments for the Time or Term for which the same are hereby made payable, or for any part of such Time or Term in order to raise Money for the purposes aforesaid, which said Tolls, Duties, or

may Mortgage Yearly payments so to be assigned or mortgaged, shall be a Security for Dut^s for3" the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be borrowed to xaifing m9»ey. the Person or Persons, his, her or their Trustees, who shall advance and lend such Money with Interest for the fame, not exceeding the rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, but no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, on the Credit of the said Tolls, Duties or Yearly payments hereby granted after any Turnpike or Turnpikes shall be erected by Virtue of this Act, unless notice in Writing, be for that purpose affixed upon all such Turnpikes and Gates so erected at least ten days before the borrowing of such Money.

X. Provided always and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Turnpikes after the first Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Notice be-for that purpose fixed in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees upon all the Turnpike Gate or Gates, to be erected by Virtue of this Act, at least ten Days before the borrowing such Money.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Assignment and Assignments of the said Tolls so to be made as aforesaid, shall be fairly entered at length in a Book or Books to be kept for that purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, which said Book or Books shall and may be seen, and perused at seasonable Times* by any Person or Persons whomsoever without Fee or Reward.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons to whom any Assignment or Assignments shall be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lent or advanced, by any Person or Persons, on the Credit and for the Purposes mentioned in this Act, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, shall and may from Time to Time by proper Words of Assignment to be indorsed on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing or Writings duly executed, proved or acknowledged, assign or transfer his Right and Interest to the Principal and Interest; Money, thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, which said transfer shall be notified and produced to the Clerk of the said Trustees within three Months after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made of such transfer, containing the Date, Parties and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be transferred in the Book or Books disredted to be kept for the entering the Original AssignmentSj and

1760.

1 — *»* «j

False entries rletined For-ge.y.

Act i 8. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

37

after such Entry made, such Original Alignments shall intitle the Person 1760. or Persons to whom the same shall be transferred, and his and their legal J

Representatives to the Benefit thereof, and payment thereon : And such Person Or Persons to whom such Transference shall be made, shall and may in like manner Assign over such transfer and so toties quoties at his and their Will and Pleasure.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out Money arising of the first Money arising from the Profits out of the said Bar, Gate or pfJhowto" Turnpike, or of any other Bars, Gates or Turnpikes to be erected or set ^applied, up by Virtue of this Act, or out of any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed upon the Credit and by the Authority thereof, the Trustees appointed by this Act or any three or more of them, shall in the first Place,

pay and discharge the reasonable Charges and Expences in obtaining and passing of this Act, and for surveying and planning the said Road and other Expences relatirfg thereunto, and for erecting such Bar or Bars,

Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, as they shall think proper to be erected upon the said Road, and after such Consideration Money and Expences shall be paid as aforesaid; then and from thence forth the Profits arising from the Tolls, Duties and Yearly Payments to be collected in pursuance of this Act, and the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, shall be applied for and towards the making of the said new intended Road or in paying off and discharging the Principal and IntereR of the Money which shall have been borrowed by Virtue of this Act, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Trustees i'm-shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed, or to be ap- Fam the Toiit pointed, to carry this Act into Execution, or any three or more of them, Year f0 from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to Let and Farm the Tolls or Duties by this Act granted, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take and Farm the fame from Year to Year, or for any number of Years not exceeding three Years, for the belt Price and Advantage they can get for such Tolls or Duties, to be paid monthly or otherwise, to the said Trustees or any three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any three or more of them shall under their Hands for that Purpose appoint to receive the same; which Money so to be paid Monthly or otherwise, shall be applied and disposed of as the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this present Act are directed to be applied and disposed off; and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, That Notice shall be given ten Days beforeProviso; such Toll is Let or Farmed by proper Advertisements fixed on each of the Toll Gates as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if

any Person or Persons whatsoever, owning, renting, or occupying any fiTpMttns*01* Land near to any Turnpike to be erected in pursuance of this Act, shall ]j£arf*hfe willingly and wittingly permit any Person or Persons whatsoever to pass feringPCarri-through any Gate, Passage, Inclosure or Way therein, with any Coach, ^Vgrteir Landaw, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Land, or other Carriage, or with any Horse, Mare, Mule, Afs, Steer, Cow, or any sort of Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls or Duties by this Act laid shall be avoided, every such Person so offending to avoid Payment of the Toll, being thereof convicted, upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace for the Parishes of Clarendon and Saint Dorothy respectively, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied* recovered and disposed of in Manper as herein before is di-ledted.

K XVII. And

3 8

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 18.

1760.

Tru flees required to examine all Negroes passing without Tickets.

C.iniage* returning the fune day not liih e to pay Toll again

Tiu frees im-powered toem ploy collectors of Toll.

Money anfing from the 'I’oll to he laid out in repairing the Road.

Trustees ini-powered to pay their road otti'.ers, &c.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trullees or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons or any three or more of them thereunto authorized as aforesaid, be and are hereby impowered and required to examine all Negroes and other Slaves travelling, that way, without Letters or Tickets, and to detain and fend such as shall have neither Letter or Ticket to their Owner or Owners if known, or if not known, to the common Goal, for each of which shall be paid by the Provost-Marshal, or his Deputy, the usual Mile-Money allowed for taking up of runaway Negroes.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That any Person or Persons having paid the Toll or Duty by this Act, appointed to be taken, shall not be obliged to pay again the same Day, for the fame Coach, Landaw, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Kittereen, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or for the fame Horse, Mare, Mule, Als, Steer, Cow, or any Sort of Cattle but may pass therewith Toll free, for which"' Purpose, and to prevent any Dispute that may arise about the said Toll, the Collector or Collectors of such Tolls is and are hereby obliged to give to each Person or Persons, paying the Toll, and declaring his, her or their Intention to return the same Day, a Ticket ascertaining that the Toll had been paid on the Day mentioned in such Tickets.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees or any three or more of them prefen t at their first Meeting or at any subsequent Meeting, by writing under their Planets and Seals, shall and may elect and appoint a sufficient Number of fit Persons to be Receivers of Collectors of the Toll or Duties hereby granted and also one or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors to make and lay out said Road and to see that the fame be duly made and repaired and also one or more Clerk or Clerks, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think necessary to employ, in the Execution of this Act, and also shall and may from Time to Time remove such Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, Clerks or other Officers, or any or either of them, as they shall see Occasion and appoint others in case of the Death or Removal of them or any or either of them, all and such Person or Persons as is, or are, by this Act liable to pay the said Tolls are hereby required to pay the same after the Rate as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time, be appointed to collect the said Toll or Duties, and the Person or Persons so appointed to receive the Tolls or Duties, and also such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, shall, upon Oath, (if thereunto required by the said Trullees, or any three or more of them, which Oath such Trullees, or any one or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) once in every Month or oftener, if required during the Continuance of this Act, give in a true, exact and perfect Account in Writing under his and their respective Hands of all Monies which he or they and every and any of them shall to such Time have received and disbursed, by Virtue of this Act, or by Reason of their respective Officers and Transactions for which Oath no Fee or Reward shall be taken; and in Cafe any Money so received shall remain in their, or either, or any of their Hands, the lame shall be paid to the said Trullees or any three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any three or more of them shall, by any Writing or Writings, under their Planets and Seals authorize and impower to receive the same, and shall he disbursed and laid out in making or amending the said Road, and such other Purposes as are directed by this Act. And the said Trustees, or any three, or more of them, to whom such Account shall be given, shall and may out of the Money arising by the said Tolls, Duties, or Yearly Payments make such allowance to the Collector or Collectors, the Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk and other Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, for and in Consideration of his and their Care and Pains, respectively

Act i 8.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

39

in the Execution of his and their respective Office, and to such 1760. other Person or Persons as hath or have been or shall be assisting in or - lv* procuring the said Road to be made and amended, as to the said Trustees or any three or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and in Case the said Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors or any or either of them, shall not render such Account or make such Payment, according to the Order and Direction of the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, as aforesaid, that then, any two or more Justices of the Peace, or any Special or other Sessions to be held for the said Parishes of Clarendon and Saint Dorothy respectively, shall make enquiry of, and concerning such Default, as well, by the Confession of the Parties themselves so making Default, as by the Oath of one, or more Witness or Witnesses; which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered to administer, without fee or reward; and if any Person or Persons, shall be convicted of such Default, by such Justices, the Person or Persons so convicted, shall by such Justices, be committed to the Common Goal for the County of Middlesex, at the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they, shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That It shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, and for such Person or Persons, as he or they shall from Time to Time appoint, to remove any Obstructions or Annoyances by Filth, Dung, Ashes, or Rubbish. Water Courses, Sinks and Drains laid upon or running into any Part of the said Road hereby intended to be made and repaired; and if after removal of any such Obstructions or Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like kind, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, upon Oath, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the on\™v*fi! Peace for the said Parishes of Clarendon and Saint Dorothy respectively, of any Person shall for every such Offence Forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be R0fta1d.ain^thli levied, recovered and disposed of in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, to cut and make Drains through any Lands lying contiguous to the said Road, and to ered and* keep in repair Arches or Bridges of Brick, Timber or Stone upon the said Road, and also to Lop, Top, or Cut down and remove any Trees,

JBufties, or Underwoods, in, upon, or hanging over the Road, fruit Trees excepted, and also to cause Ditches and Trenches to be made

such Places and in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors

m

shall adjudge necessary for the better making, amending, and keeping the said Road in good Repair; and also to dig, gather, take and carry away any Stones, Gravel or other Materials, and to erect Lime-Kilns, and to take Wood and Stone for the making of Lime, and to and for the making or repairing the said Road, in and from any Part of uncultivated Lands, near or through which the said Road shall pass, without paying any thing for the fame, as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary,* and in case such Materials cannot conveniently be had from such uncultivated Lands, that then such Surveyor or Surveyors and other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall and lawfully may dig, gather, take' and carry away the fame, out of any cultivated Lands, not being contiguous to the Buildings thereon, or Garden Ground, as they or any of them shall deem necessary, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of such Ground, in and from which such Stones, Gravel or other Materials shall "be made, removed, dug or taken away, for any Damage arising thereby as the said Trustees or any three or more- of them shall judge reasonable

and

40

1760.

Trustees im-j>owered to ngree with Owners of Carriages by the Ye 1, in lieu of the Tolls.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 18.

and said Owner or Occupier shall be content to receive for the fame : And in Case of any difference concerning the Compensation for such Damage between such Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, and the said Trustees, the Justices of the Peace, at the next Quarter Sessions to be held in or for the Parish or Precinct wherein such Damage shall arise, shall or may adjudge, assess, and finally determine the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, at any of their Public Meetings, may and they are hereby impowered from Time to Time as they shall see convenient or think fit, to compound or agree for any Time not exceeding one Year with any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupiers of any Lands, lying near to, or contiguous to the said Road, or using to travel through the Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected by Virtue of this Act, with any Coach, Landaw, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Kittereen, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or with any Horse, Mare, Mule, Afs, Steer, Cow, or other Cattle for any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid Quarterly, from Time to Time, alter such Agreement shall be made.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Composition Money agreed to be paid in Ik l of the Tolls, for passing through the said Turnpikes, by Virtue of l.:is Act, shall not be paid within ten Days after the Time agreed for paying thereof, that then, it shall and may be lawful, to and for any Justice of the Peace of the said Parishes respectively, upon Oath made that the fame has been demanded, and remains unpaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to impower the Collector of said Tolls, or any Person or Persons authorized by the said Trustees, or any three or more of them for that Purpose, to levy such Composition by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person or Persons, that shall have compounded for their said Tolls and neglected to pay the same, the said Collector or other Person, authorized as aforesaid, returning the Overplus, if any be, from such Difhefs and Sale.

i XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures- by this Act imposed, and incurred as aforesaid, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise din dted by this Act) shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offenders by Warrant or Warrants, under the Hands , and Seals of any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the said Parishes of Clarendon and Saint Dorothy respectively, as the Offence Fhall arise in either, which Warrant or Warrants the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to make, upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer (and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Party or Parties, whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold) the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, shall be applied and paid one Moiety to and for the use of the Person or Persons who shall Inform and Prosecute for the fame, and the other Moiety, for and towards amending and repairing the said Road.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for any, or either of the said Trustees appointed, or to be appointed to put this Act in Execution, who is, are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the Parishes of Clarendon and Saint Dorothy % respectively, to act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Parishes respectively, in all Cafes, Matters and Things for the effectual Execution of the several Powers in this Act mentioned.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act and the Toils and Duties hereby granted, shall take Place and have continuance

Act i 8. The LAW* of JAMAICA. 4r

only from and after passing this Act, for and during the Term of Twenty one Years.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, shall meet together at Old Harbour Bay in the Parish of Saint Dorothy, upon or before the second Tuejilay in December next, and shall then adjourn themselves and afterwards meet at any other Place or Places near the said Road as the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, shall think proper and convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act: in Execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear, at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be held by the said Trustees, a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, at such Meeting, and to adjourn to" any other Day, that then and in such Case, the Clerk to the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing to be affixed, at the respective Gates or Turnpikes, to be erected by Virtue of this Act, and until such Gates or Turnpikes shall be erected, at the Doors of the Churches of Clarendon and Saint Dorothy s at leaf; ten Days before the next Meeting, shall appoint the said Trustees to meet at the House where the Meeting of the said Trustees was last appointed to be held, and that the said Trustees at their first Meeting, and at all other subsequent Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

XXXIII. And for continuing a sufficient Number of fit and able Persons to be Trustees for putting in Execution the Powers in this Act contained during the Continuance thereof; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, upon the Death, Removal or Absence fresh the Island, of any of the said Trustees, or upon the Refusal of any of them to act in the said Trust, by Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, during the Term aforesaid, to elect and appoint in the Room of such Trustee or Trustees so deceased, removing onrefufing to act, so many fit and able Persons, living in the said Parishes of Clarendon and Saint Dorothy respectively, to be joined with the said Trustees so electing in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act, and all and every Person or Persons so to be elected a Trustee or Trustees, shall and may, and is, and are hereby impowered as often as Occasion shall require, to act to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample Manner as the said Trustees herein named are by this Act impowered to do, and the said Trustees or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised, impowered and required to meet once in every Year, or oftener if necessary, in order to elect: such new Trustees, which Notice, shall be given by fixing the fame in Writing, upon all the Turnpike Gates, to be erected by Virtue of this Act, and until such Turnpikes shall be erected, on the Doors of the said Churches, of the Parishes of Clarendon and Saint Dorothy, at least ten Days before the Day of such Election.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act, and be it judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded; and that this Act shall be in Force the Space of Twenty one Years from the Pafiing of the fame, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Assembly and no longer.

1760.

<----- — ~J

T ruiiets to meet at Old Harbour liay.

Ten Days na. tice tobegiveiu

To pay their own expence* ac meeting.

May appoint other Trustee* in cal'e of death, See of any oi theta.

To meet' onte every Year Of oftener.

VOL. II.

L

42

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act

19.

1760. An Act for the better and more certain Recovery of Fines, For-paired asth of feitures, and other Debts due to his Majesty.

November. J J '

Act

19,

Clerk of the

Crown to cer

WHEREAS by divers Acts of the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jainaica, it has been provided, that the Estreats of all Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, imposedor to be 1111-posed in the several Courts of Record within this Island, Part of your Majesty's Revenue, should be certified by the proper Officers, in order that the fame might be levied and paid to the Receiver-General of this I {find , b it the said Laws have been found, by Experience, to be ineffectual for the Fur-poses intended by them, and many Abuses have been committed in making out such Estreats, and in collecting and paying over the Money so estreated, to the great Diminutation of that Branch of your Majesty's Revenue: For Remedy whereof, we your Majesty's most dutiful and lot al Subj^ds, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted, by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly of the said Island, an! it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, that from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all Fines, Amerciaments, and Recogn isances, Sum and Sums of Money, paid or to be paid on Account of, or in Lieu and Satisfaction of the fame, or any of them, wherein his Majesty or the Royal Revenue of this Island is interested, and which already are or hereafter shall be set, imposed, or forfeited in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature, or Courts of Assize in this Island, and not taken off or remitted by the Judges of the said respective Courts during the fitting of the lame Court, ai d not before estreated, shall be truly and faPhfully estreated, and certified by the Clerk of the Crown for the Time being, to his Majesty's Attorneys General for the Time being, that Proccl's may issue for levying the Vne Attorney0 the fame, and to the Receiver-General for the Time being, withi twenty proeds^o and Days after the End of every Supreme Court next following every such Court issue 20 days of Assize, or the Time appointed for holding such Assize, by delivering to preme^Court Fie said Attorney-General and Receiver-General respectively true and per- fed Schedules or Estreats, upon Oath, as herein after is directed, of all such Fines, Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances; and of allium and Sums of Money paid or to be paid on Account of or in Lieu and Satisfaction of the same as aforesaid, with the Names and Additions of all and in default for evei7 Person and Persons charged with and liable to the fame; upon Pain feltiool ’ that the Clerk of the Crown for the Time being do and shall forfeit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds, current Money of Jamaica, upon every Failure or Default that shall be made in certifying or delivering such Estreats as

Clerks Of the a^°resaid.

Inferior to do

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that from the same, henceforth all and every the Clerk and Clerks of the Peace for the Time being, of and for the several and respective Parishes and Precincts in the said' Island, within Twenty Days after the holding of every Sessions of the Peace within the respective Parishes and Precincts aforesaid, and all and every the Clerk and Clerks of the inferior Courts for the Time being, within Twenty-Days after the holding of every such inferior Court, do and shall respectively make out, certify, and deliver, or cause to be delivered unto the said Attorney-General and Receiver-General, true and perfect Schedules or Estreats, upon Oath, of all and every the Fines, Amerciaments, and Recognizances, Sum and Sums of Money, paid or to be paid on Account of or in Lieu and Satisfaction of the fame, or any of them, which already are or hereafter shall and may be set, imposed, or forfeited in the said leve-ral and respective Sessions of the Peace and inferior Courts, and every of them, and not taken off or remitted by the Judges or Justicfs of the fame Courts respectively during the fitting of the fame Court, and not heretofore estreated, in like Manner as the Clerk of the Crown is herein before required

t

1 he LAWS of JAMAICA,

Act 19.

4-3

edtoniikeo.it, certify, and deliver the Estreats from the Supreme Court 1760. and Courts of AlTize j upon Pain that every Clerk of the Peace, and Clerk L — of the in'erior Court, do and shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Forfeit *«», Pounds, like cur- ent Money of Jamaica, for every Failure or Default that shall be made in certifying or delivering such Estreats as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that the Clerk of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, or their lawful Deputies, and Clerks of the inferior Court, for the Time being and every of them, do and shall, before the Delivery of any such Estreat or Schedule, respectively take the following Oath; that is to say;

" Y'O U foal! /wear, that these FJlreats, now by you produced, are truly Oat&

" and carejully made up and examined, and that all Fines, Amercia-" ments, Recognizances, and Forfeitures, and all Sum and Sums of Money " paid on Account or in Lieu and Satisfaction thereof, which were set, imposed or forfeited, and in Right and due Course of Law ought to be efreat-" ed, are to the bcjl of your Knowledge, TJnderfanding and Belief', therein " contained; and that in the fame Ffir eats are exprefed and set forth alt " such Fines, Amerciaments, and Forfeitures, as have been paid into Court,

and the Name and Names of such P erf on or Persons to whom the fame were " paid, without any wilful or jraudulent Discharge, Omission, Mijnomer, or " other DefeCl whatsoever.

4* So help you GOD.’*

What Oath the Judges of the Supreme Court for the Time being are, or one of them is, required to administer to the Clerk of the Crown; and the Custodes and Justices for the Time being, of the several Parishes and Pre-cinds, are, or any one of them is, required to administer to the respective Clerks of the Peace, or their lawful Deputies, of their several and respective Parishes and Precincts; and the Judges of the inferior Courts for the Time being are, or one of them is, required to administer to their respective Clerks, without Fee or Reward j and such Judge or Judges, Justice or Justices, are severally and respectively required to certify, upon every such Estreat, that the said Oath was duly administered, according to the Form herein before prescribed.

IV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that in Cafe ^!"kss no such Fine, Amerciament or Recognizance, shall be set, imposed or nify there-forfeited, in any or either of the said Supreme Courts, Courts of Assize, p^easnceof Sessions of the Peace, or inferior Courts, or if all and every such FineSi Amerciaments, or Recognizances so set, imposed cr forfeited, shall be remitted and taken oft in the said Courts respectively, during the fitting of the fame, then the said Clerk of the Crown, Clerks'of the Peace, or their lawful Deputies, and Clerks of the inferior Court, do and shall respectively certify the fame upon Oath, as aforesaid, unto the Attorney-General and Receiver-General, within the like Space of Time as herein before is Emitted and appointed for delivering said Estreats, upon Pain that the said Cler'c of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, and Clerks of inferior Courts, do respect under Penalty tively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, like current Money of Jamaica, for of s®1* every Default of delivering such Certificate as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that no Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the inferior Court, nor any Officer or Deputy under them respectively, do or shall spare, take off, discharge, respite, or wittingly or willingly conceal any Indictment, Fine, Issue, Amerciament, forfeited Recognizance, or other Forfeiture whatsoever, exhibited, set, imposed or forfeited, and not heretofore estreated, or that shall hereafter be exhibited, set, imposed or forfeited, in any of the Courts before mentioned respectively, or before any of the Judges or Justices of the fame, or any Sum or Sums of Money paid or to be paid upon Account there-

44

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 19.

1760. of, or any Part thereof, unless it be by Order of such Court or Courts ref-' — pectively. And in case the Officers before mentioned or any of them, shall charging', re- wittingly or willingly mifcertify, or falsely estreat, in the Schedules or Ef-ceaH^Vncs" treats 10 as aforesaid to be delivered to the Attorney-General and Receiver-&c.forfeit5oi! General respectively, any Fine, Forfeiture, Amerciament, or Recognizance u»d lose their w}iatsoever, whereby the Process that shall be iffaed for levying the fame, or any Part thereof, may become invalid or of none Effect ;• that then, in any or either of the said Cafes, the Clerk or Clerks so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, like current Money of Jamaica-, and shall also lofe his or their Office and Place, and be for ever rendered incapable of exercising the same.

Piovoft Mar- - \TI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that the

offices.

fnt m^f-m Clerk of the Supreme Court of Judicature for the Time being do, and shall.

and after the passing this Act, within twenty Days before the

Process where- from

has claim io Jiolding of every Supreme Court, certify and deliver to his Majesty's At-^n^"on:e>r' torney-Geperal and Receiver-General respectively, a Schedule or Lift, containing true and perfect Dockets of all Judgments that shall be obtained as of the preceding Supreme Court, or any Information or Quitam Action, wherein the Whole or any Part of the Monies for which such Judgments shall be given shall belong to his Majesty, or be applicable to the Revenue or the contingent Charges of the Government of this Island : And in such Lifts the said Clerk of the Court shall distinguisfi what Part or Proportion of such Sum or Sums of Money, for which every such Judgment shall be given, doth belong to his Majesty, upon pain that the Clerk of the' Supreme Court of Judicature shall, for every Failure or Default herein, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, like current Money of Jamaica.

VII. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that the Provost-Marshal-General of this If and do, and shall from henceforth, on or before the first Monday in every Supreme Court of Judicature, deliver to his Majesty's Attorney-General and Receiver-General respectively, a true and perfect Lift of all Actions, Writs and Processes whatsoever, Mesne or Judical, lodged in his Office, wherein his Majesty or the Revenue of this If-!and are in any wise interested, together with a true Copy of the Returns thereto made, ajid of all Monies and Effects thereupon levied by him, or levied on other Writs, and applicable to the Discharge of the Debts due to his Majesty or otherwise, received by him on Account of any Fines, Forfeitures, Debts or Dues to his Majesty; and that the said Provost-Marshal do and shall, within three Days after the Delivery of such Lifts in each Supreme Court, pay or cause to be paid to the Receiver-General, all and every Sum and Sums of Money that shall at any Time be so levied and received on Account of any of the Fines, Forfeitures, Debts, or Dues aforesaid, or be-applicable to the Discharge thereof, or of any Part thereof; upon pain that the said Provost-Marshal, upon Default of delivering such Lifts to the Attorney-General and Receiver-General as aforesaid, or of paying over the said Monies, do and shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, like current Money of Jamaica. revfousre.

VIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that In Cafe any Fine, Forfeiture, or other Debt whatsoever due to his Majesty, beLif and not or wherein the Revenue of this Jlland is interested, or any Sum or Sums of Money on Account or in Lieu of the same, shall be hereafter levied or received by the Provost-Marshal or any of his Deputies, or by any Clerk of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, or Clerks of the inferior Court, or any o them, or by any Person or Persons whatsoever by their Appointment or Consent. and shall be certified and estreated as paid or returned levied as aforesaid, and shall not be paid by the said Provost-Marshal, Clerk of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace and Clerks of the inferior Courts respectively, to the Receiver-General, according to the Directions herein before given by this Act; thajt then and in every such Case, the said Provost-Marshal, Clerk " ‘ of

paying it to

the Attorney Gercril shall be liable to the Process themselves.

Act jq. 1 he LAWS of JAMAICA. 4.

of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace and Clerks of the inferior Court respect 1760. tively, neglecting or delaying to pay the same according to the said Direc- Uj"~' lV tions, shall be respectively liable to all such Writs or Processes for the immediate levy ng and recovering the fame, as any other Debtors to his Majesty is or are liable; which Writ or Writs, or other Process, his Majesty's Attorney-General is required to cause to be issued, on a Certificate given to him by the Receiver-General of every such Default.

IX. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that the Receiver- ReceiverGa-General do and shall keep one or more distinct Book or Books, wherein from Bo^ks of such Time to Time the said Receiver-General shall regularly enter, or cause to EftreiM»

be entered, on the Debtor Side of such Book or Books, true Copies of all and every such Estreats and Dockets of Judgments so as aforesaid to be delivered to him by the Clerk of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, Clerks of the inferior Courts and Clerk of the Supreme Court and on the opposite or Creditor Side of such Book or Books, the said Receiver-General shall from Time to Time regularly enter, or cause to be entered, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be by him received on Account of such Estreats and Judgments, or any of them, and all other Discharges, whether by Virtue of the Royal Prerogative or otherwise, whereby any Person or Persons charged or chargeable by any such Estreats or Judgements shall be discharged from the same, under thti Penalty of One hundred Pounds; which Book or Books shall be deemed Public Books belonging to the Office of the Receiver-General.

X. And-be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that in case Attorney Ge-his Majesty's Attorney-General of this Iflind for the Time being shall re-

fule or neglect to do his Duty according to the Directions of this Act, he feit iopi. fhdl for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, cur- rent Money of ‘Jamaica.

XI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every the Penalties in this Act mentioned, shall be recovered by Action of jpebt. Bill, Plant, or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature, in which no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Imparlance, or non <vult uherius Prosequi shall be alLwed; one Moiety whereof shall belong to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support and Government of this Island, and the Contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall lue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act forthwith to be printed, and two Copies thereof to be delivered to the Chief-Justice, and each Judge of the’ Supreme-Court, to each Justice of the Courts of Assize, to the Chief-Judge, and each of the Judges of the inferior Courts of this Island, to the Attorney-General, Receiver-General, and Provost-Marshal-General, to the several Custodesand Magistrates of the respective Parishes, to the Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Supreme Court, to each of the Clerks of the several inferior Courts, and to the several Clerks of the Peace of this Island tfte Charges whereof shall be paid by the Receiver-General, out ofny.

Money in his Hands unappropriated.

• V

<£0L*

U

46

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 20.

176°. f[n i0 repsal part of an ASi, intit led, an Act to secure the Freedom of Elections, and directing the Proceedings in the December. Choice of Members to serve in Assemblies in this Island, to qualify Persons elected to serve in future Assemblies in this Island, and to ascertain who shall be deemed Mulattoes for the Future; and to obviate any Doubts that may arise Irom the Construction of the Oath by the said Act appointed to be taken for the Qualification of Members returned to serve Act 20.' in the Assemblies of this Island.

WHEREAS by an Act- intitled, an Act to secure the Freedom of Elections and directing the Proceedings in the Choice of Members to serve in Af'emblies in this If and, to qualify Persons elected to serve in future Af'emblies in this If and, and to ascertain who shall be deemed Mulattoes for the future ', it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Person shall be capable of Setting in any future Assembly of this Island, who shall not take the following Oath, viz.

Oath 7" A.B. dofwear that I truely and bona Fide have an Efate in my Own, or

my Wife's Right, in Law or Equity, of or in Lands, tenements, Negroes, or other Hereditaments over and above what isJujpcient to pay all my jujl and proper Debts, of the Vdue of Three Hundred Ponuds per Annum, or three Thousand Pounds in Gross.

II. And Whereas many Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of the before recited Oath, in Order therefore to prevent the like for the future, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Authority of the same, that the herein before recited Clause and Oath, and every Part, Matter and Thing therein contained, be, and the same are hereby repealed, annulled, and made void, any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, no Person hereafter returned to serve as a Member in this or any future Assembly of this Island, shall be capable of Sitting or Voting, who shall not take the following Oath;

<jaife, T A.B. do swear, that I truely and bona Fide have an Efate in my Own, or

my Wife\ Right, in Law or Equity, over and above what is sufficient tr pay all tnyjuf and proper Debts, of the Value of Three Hundred Povnds per Annum, in Lands, Tenements, Negroes or other Hereditaments, or that I have in my Own or my Wife's Right in Law or Equity, an Efate of the Value of Three Thoifand Pounds, in Lands, Tenements, Negroes or other Hereditaments, over and above what is sufficient to pay all my just and proper Debts.

Act 2l. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 47

An Act to oblige the Justices and Vestry Me?t offever al Parishes _ l7^°\ in this Island, to builds repair, and keep in repair Barracks, Magazines and Arfcnals, respective Parishes* Act 21;

WHEREAS it is necessary and expedient for the Security of this

your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, that there should be erected and pafed *5th tf built, in divers of the Parishes thereof, sundry Barracks or Defensible December. Houses, and there is not at present any sufficient Power and Authority in the Justices and Vestries of the said Parishes, to raise sufficient Sums of Money for thitt Purpose; for Remedy whereof, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be itthereforeenacted and ordained by the Lieutenant Governor,

Council and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, that the Justices and Vestry or two Justices and fix Vestry Men in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them, of the several Parishes herein after mentioned, be and they are hereby obliged and required within three Months after the passing this Act, to begin to Barracks to fei build good and sufficient Barracks and to compleat the fame within twelve finished in Months for the Reception of the Officers and Soldiers of one Company of Months* the regular Troops, which his Majesty has been or may be graciously pleased to fend over to this Island, for the Protection whereof, at such Places as shall be herein appointed, and to repair and put in good Order such Barracks as are herein after mentioned, that is to say, the Justices and Vestry or two Justices and fix Vestry Men of the Parish and Town of Kingston in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them, in some Part of the said Town as to them shall seem convenient: Of the Parish of Saint John, at or near a Place called Point Hill, in the said Parish of Saint John : pIafes Of the Parish of Clarendon, at or near the Church in Clarendon Mountains : toereft^Bar, Of the Parish of Westmoreland, at such Place in the Leeward Part of the racks»&Ci Parish as to them shall seem convenient, and also to repair and put in good Order the Barracks at Savanna la Mar : Of the Parish of Hanover at at a Place called Lucca: Of the Parish of Saint James, at such Places as to them shall seem convenient, and to keep in repair the Barrack already built at Montego Bay : Of the Parish of Saint Ann, at such Place as to them fhnil seem convenient: Of the Parish of Saint George, at a Place called G/-bralter Point in the said Parish : Of the Parish of Saint Andrew, at such Place as to them shall seem convenient.

II. And Whereas a Barrack is already built and compleated at Puerto Maria Bay, in the Parish of Saint Mary, by a private Subscription of fe-yeral of the Inhabitants thereof; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, that said Barrack shall be deemed as the Barrack of that Parish, and that the Justices and Vestry thereof, or the major Part of them, do pay to the said Subscribers, all the Expences they have been at in Building the fame out of the Monies which they are herein after impowered to raise by Virtue of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, that the Justices and Vestry, or two Justices and fix Vestry Men in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them of the Parish of Saint Thomas in the East, be and they are hereby obliged and required to repair and make proper and convenient for the Reception of one Company of the Regulars, the!

Public Building at the Bath in the said Parish; and the Justices and Vestry as aforesaid of the Parish of Saint Thomas in the Vale are hereby obliged and required to repair compleatly and put in good Order the Barrack in the Parish of Saint Mary, at a Place called Bagnalls, which was formerly built by the said Parish j and the Justices and Vestry of the Parish oiVere,

« <1

48 The . LAWS of J A M A I Q A. Act 2 ~Z

17(^0. as aforesaid, are hereby obliged and required completely to repair and put d - ' in good Order the Barrack at a Place called Carlisle Bay, which was formerly built by the said Parish j and the Justices and Vestry as aforesaid of the Parish of Saint Elizabeth, are hereby obliged and required compleatly to repair and put in good Order, the Barrack’at a Place.called Nassau, which was formerly built by the said Parish, or to build a new Barrack, at any other Place in the said Parish, which they shall think proper.

IV\ And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Julbces and Vestry, or two Justices and fix Vestry Men in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them in all. and every the Parishes of this Island where new Barracks are directed ^0 be built, \T where old Barracks are directed to be repaired; or in the Parish of Saint 1 f the ^ary* w^cre a Barrack already built is directed to be paid for by Virtue of racks this Act, be and they are hereby obliged and required as soon as the several and respective Barracks are built, or the several and respective old ke-7|'ing and Barracks are repaired, erect and build at each of the said Barracks, a proper Magazine for keeping and reserving a reasonable Quantity of Gun Powder, and also an Arsenal for the keeping a reasonable Number of Arms, and from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to repair and mend, sustain and maintain all such Barrack or Barracks, Magazines and Arsenals so to be ere died, built or repaired as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the better to enable the Justices and Vestry, or the major Part of them in the several and respective Parishes, to carry this Act into Execution, they are hereby impowered and required from Time to Time, to lay a Tax upon the several Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively, for railing such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be necessary or sufficient to erect, or build, repair and pay for such Barrack or Barracks, Magazine or Magazines, Arsenal or Arsenals, as are herein before directed to be built or erected, and the same to keep in good and sufficient Repair from Time to Time; and that such Tax shall be raised, levied, collected and paid in,.in the same Manner as the other Parochial Taxes are laid, levied, collected and

rcle- ving a reasonable quantity of C voipowder.

paid-in.

VI. And Whereas several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, have'already erected and built, by a private Subscription among themselves, a Barrack in the said Parish at a Place called OracabeJJ'a; bo it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every such Inhabitants who have so subscribed, and paid in, or shall pay in such Subscription Money within three Months, be and they are hereby exempted from the Payment of any Tax which shall be imposed-or laid on by the Justices and Vestry, of the said Parish, for the Payment and Support of the Barrack at Port Maria.

VII. And Whereas the Parish of Saint George is unable to erect and

ParHhof sairt build a Barrack at Gibrctlter Point lolely at their own Expence; be it pen.ge ai therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, that the Re-

jowcii one halt . c n jt • 1 J

on their Ex- cciver General, do out,or any Monies in his Hands unappropriated, pay to pwces. ftjch Person and Persons, as the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, of the major Part of them shall appoint to receive the same, a Sum of Money not exceeding the one half of what the Expence for Building the said Barrack shall amount to.

VIII. Provided always, that if the Justices and Vestry of the Town

and Parish of Kingston, or the major Part of them shall find it better or more convenient to purchase a suitable House or Houses for. Barracks, than to build and erect the fame, and shall accordingly purchase such House or Houses, within three Months after the passing of this Act, and shall also repair, enlarge and complete the same in such Manner, as shall be necessary for the Reception of a Company of Soldiers, according to the; true intent and meaning of This Act, within Twelve Months after the . pasting

Act 21.

ihc LAWS of J AM A I C A.

49

pulling of this Act, and shall also repair, enlarge and compleat the fame 1760. in such Manner, as shall be necessary for the Reception of a Company of — J

Soldiers, according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, within twelve Months after the passing of the fau\e, they the said Justices and Vestry of the said Parish lhn.ll be allowed and considered to have fully complyed with this Act, any thing herein before enacted notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority afore- Justices anci said, That every Justice and Vestry Men neglecting or refusing to do his neyeaingrtdu. Duty in the Premises, shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit the forfeit Sum of One Plundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record within this Island, One Moiety or Half Part of all such Forfeitures shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof j and the other Moiety or half Part to the Informer, or him,' or them who shall _ sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every of the Parishes where the Place for erecting Barracks is left to the Discretion of the Justices and Vestry, when such Justices and Vestry, or two Justices and fix Vestry Men, or the major Part of them, shall have fixed upon and made choice of any Piece of Groifhd for the erecting and building such Barracks, if the Owner or Proprietor of such Piece of Land, justices and shall not consent or agree to the fame, it shall and may be lawful for j^pur-the said Justices or any one of them, of the said Parish, and he or they chafe lands, are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Warrant to any Constable of the said Parish (who is hereby required to execute the fame)

to i’ummon a Jury of twelve good and lawful Men of the said Parish, who shall upon their Oaths, to be administred to them, by one of the Magistrates, of the said Parish, value the said Piece of Land : Provided such Piece of Land shall not be planted, nor within four Hundred Yards of ^r°V such Persons Dwelling House or Works, and not exceeding two Acres of Land, and upon such Valuation and Tender of the Money being made, and Proof thereof recorded in the Secretary’s Office, in this Island, the same shall be a perpetual Bar to all Claim from the Proprietor or Proprietors, and all Persons claiming, by, from, or under him, her or them, or any of them; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices and.

Vestry to erect Barracks thereon, which said Land and Barracks so to be built, and also all other Lands on which Barracks are herein before particularly directed to be built or repaired, or are already built at Port Maria, together with the Barracks directed to be built or repaired or already built at Port Maria, be and they are hereby vested in the Justices Barracks veitr and Vestry Men of each Parish, who are herein directed to build or re- 'j1 th| pair the fame respectively, and to their Successors, for the Use and Re- try, made a .ception of such Officers and Soldiers as the Commander in Chief shall and orpome. Quarter there : And in case no Officer and Soldiers be quartered there, then to such Use or Uses as the said Justices and Vestry Men respectively shall direct and appoint, and the said several and respective Justices and Vestry Men, and their Successors are hereby made a Body Politick and Corporate for that Purpose and no other.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of this Island do forthwith cause this Act to be printed, and three Copies thereof be sent to his Honor the Lieutenant Governor, and also to the Custos or Chief Magistrate of every of the Parishes herein before mentioned, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid by the Receiver General out of any Monies remaining in his Hands unappropriated.

VOL. II.

N

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

5°

Act 22* -

J7^0, An Act to establish the Probates of all Deeds and Conveyances, *which have been proved ajid acknowledged in this If and, fence the Second Day of October, in the Year of Our Lord 0?ie December. 'Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-eight before P erf07is who had been appointed fudges, under an ASl, i7ititled, An Act to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the several Inferior Courts of Common Pleas, atidfei7ice the Repeal thereof, good a7id valid i7i that respeSl 07jly; as also to establish the Probates of all Deeds atzd Co7iveya7ices taken a7id acknowledged by fufeices of Ajfeze, good and valid i7i that respeSl only; and to establish certain Foil Books for the Parishes of Saittt Dorothy and Sa'mt Thotnas in the Vale, as Records.

WHEREAS by Virtue of an Act; of the Governor, Council and Af~ fembly of this Island, intitled. An Act to enlarge the f urifdiclion of the several Inferior Courts of Co/nmon Pleas, passed the seventh Day of May, in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty Five, Commissions were issued under the Great Seal of this Island, to certain Persons to act as Judges, in Order to hold such several Courts in the different Parishes and Precind of this Island, and to carry the said Law into Execution, and such Persons had sufficient Authority to prove and acknowledge all Deeds and Conveyances that should be brought before them : And whereas the said Act was disallowed by your Majesty, and such Disallowance recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, on the Second Day of October, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty Eight, and from that Time the Power of the said Judges in such Commissions named, ceased.

II. And whereas notwithstanding such Disallowance recorded as aforesaid, several of the said Persons so appointed Judges under the said Act have taken upon themselves to prove and acknowledge several Deeds and Conveyances to the manifest Injury and Prejudice of many Persons, and that in case Relief should not be given to the Parties in such Deeds and Conveyances, so as to establish such Probates only by Law, many of them will become considerable Sufferers if not intirely ruined.

III. And whereas sundry Justices of Assize, have likewise taken and acknowledged Probates to many Deeds and Conveyances, and it being doubtful whether such Justices of Assize have by Law any Power or Authority to take the fame; in Order therefore to prevent so great an Injury to many of your Majesty's Faithful Subjects of this Island, as likewise many tedious and expensive Suits at Law and in Equity, which may be commenced, had, and prosecuted on Account of the said Judges and Justices of Assize taking upon themselves to prove and acknowledge such Deeds and Conveyances, and to establish such respective Probates, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's said Island of famaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be Enacted, be it therefore enacted and ordained, by the Authority of the same, that the Probates of all Deeds and Conveyances, taken and acknowledged since the Second Day of Octobery in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty Eight, before Persons who were appointed Judges under the Ad herein before mentioned, and after the Repeal thereof, shall be and

•'* the

Act 22.

The L-aWS of JAMAICA.

51

the same are hereby declared to be good and valid as to such Probates only, in the same Manner as if the said Judges of such Inferior Courts had full Power and Authority by Law to take and acknowledge the Probates of such Deeds and Conveyances.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Deeds and Conveyances, proved and acknowledged before the Palling of this Act, by Justices of Assize in this Island, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good and valid as to such Probates only, in the like Manner as if such Justices of Assize, had full Power and Authority by Law to take and acknowledge the Probates of such Deeds and Conveyances.

V. And whereas by Law the Clerks of the Peace, are obliged to keep Toll Books for the Tolling of Negro and other Slaves in the respective Parishes and Precinct for which they are appointed, but in case where no Clerks of the Peace should be appointed, then the Clerks of the Vestry are authorized to keep the same.

VI. And whereas the Clerks of the Vestry for the Parishes of Saint Dorothy and Saint Thomas in the Vale, have for a considerable Time last past, taken upon themselves to keep Toll Books, and enter Tolls for the Tolling of Negroes notwithstanding Clerks of the Peace have been constantly appointed for the said Parishes and Precinct; but by Reason of the Clerks of the Peace being appointed for the Precinct conftfting of the Parishes of Saint Catherine, Saint Thomas in the Vale, Saint Dorothy and Saint John, his constant Place of Residence, and office hath been andis duly kept for the Lid Precinct in the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, in the said Parish of Saint Catherine, the Justices and Vestry of the said Parishes of Saint Dorothy and Saint Thomas in the Vale, apprehended the respective Clerks of the Vestry had sufficient Power to keep such Toll Books.

VII. And whereas many innocent Persons will become considerable Sufferers and others be entirely ruined in case such Toll Books and the respective Tolls therein inserted should not be deemed good and valid, be it therefore enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid, that all and every Book and Books, kept before the passing of this Act, for the Tolling of Negro and other Slaves by the Clerks of the Vestries for the Parishes of Saint Dorothy and Saint Thomas in the Vale, and the respective Tolls kept and entered therein, shall be and the same are hereby declared, to be good and valid in law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Toll Books respectively had been kept and the Tolls therein entered by the Clerk of the Peace appointed for the said Parishes respectively, and which respective Entries in such Toll Books, shall be as good and valid, and shall be held, deemed and adjudged to be a sufficient Record and Evidence in any Court of Record within this Island, as other Tolls and the Entries therein are by Law already declared to be.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the Vestry of the said Parishes of Saint Dorothy and Saint Thomas in the Vale, shall upon request made to them respectively by the Clerk of the Peace appointed for the said Parishes, transmit to him the said respective Toll Books, in Order that the fame may be kept in his Office as Records in the same manner as the other Toll Books of the Precinct are kept.

IX. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from, and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall raze or efface any of the Entries of Tolls, entered in such respective Toll Books, so kept by the Clerks of the Vestry, for the said Parishes of Saint Dorothy and Saint Thomas in the Vale as aforesaid, such Person or Persons so- offending shall suffer such Punishment as the Law hath provided against: such as raze and embezzle Records,

'4*

1760.

5 2 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 23, 24.

1760. An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits at Law.

P.ified 18th of December.

FOR avoiding the infinite Number of small and trifling Suits commenced, or prosecuted against sundry his Majesty's loving Subjects, in the several Courts of Judicature of this Island, to the into-Act 23. lerable Vexation and Charge of his Majesty's Subjects be it enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this his Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, if upon any Action personal to be brought in any of the Courts of Record in this Island, not being for any Title or Interest of Lands or Slaves, nor concerning the Freehold or Inheritance of any Lands or Slaves, it shall appear to the Judges of the fame Court, that the Debt or Damages to be recovered therein, shall not amount to the Sum of Forty Shillings or above, that in every such Case, the Judge or Justices before w hom such Action mall be pursued, shall not award for Costs, nor shall the Clerk of such Court, tax for Costs to the Party Plaintiff, any greater or more Costs than the Sum of the Debt or Damages so recovered shall amount unto, but less at their Discretions.

Decemberof to remecb the Fvils arising from irregular Assemblies of

Slaves, and to prevent their possessng Amis and Ammunition and going from Place to Place without Tickets, and for preventing the Practice of Obeah, and to refrain Overseers, from leaving the deflates under their Care on certain Days, and to oblige all Free Negroes, Mulattoes or Indians to re-er their Names in the Vestry Books of the respcSlive Pa- rifloes of this Island, and to carry about them the Certificate - and wear the Badge of their Freedom, and to prevent any Captain, Master or Supercargo of any Vessel bringing back Slaves transported off the Island.

ACT24. WHEREAS there hath lately been very dangerous Rebellions and \ V Rebellious Conspiracies, amongst the Slaves of this Island; And whereas buffering Slaves to beintrufled with Arms and lodging large Quan-. tities of Arms and Ammunition in Houses improperly guarded may be a Means of enabling such rebellious disposed Slaves to execute their Bloody Intentions. And whereas permitting Slaves to go abroad from their respective Places of Abode without Tickets, or buffering them to assemble from different Plantations or Places to beat their Drums, Goards, Boards, Barrels, or other Instruments of Noise or blow their Horns is productive of the mofl dangerous Consequences. And whereas on many Estates and Plantations in this Island there are Slaves of both Sexes commonly known by the Name of Obeah Men and Obeah Women, by whose Influence over the Minds of their Fellow Slaves, through an established Opinion of their being endued with strange preternatural Faculties, many and Great Dangers have arisen destructive of the Peace and Welfare of this Island. In order to prevent for the Future such Rebellions or Rebellions Conspiracies, and the fatal Consequences of such Meetings j We your Majesty's mofl dutiful and and loyal Subjects the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Negro, Mulatto or Indian Slave hereafter shall be buffered or permitted to go c out

The LAWS of J AMAICA.

53

Act 24.

out or' his or her Master or Owners Plantation or Settlement, or to Travel 1760. from one Town or Place to another, unless such Negro, Mulatto or Indian — Slave shall have a Ticket from his Master, Owner, Employer or Overseer^ ^ expressing p irticularly the Time of such Negro, Mulatto or Indian Slaves r,fwithout setting out, and where he is going, and his Return, under the Penalty of For- owners’ liable ty Shillings for every Slave so offending, to be recovered from the Master, to forfeit*. Owner, Employer or Overseer, in a summary Way before any one Justice of the Peace by Warrant of Distress, complaint being made to him upon Oath, unless the Master, Owner, Employer or Overseer of such Negro,

Mulatto or Indian Slave, shall prove upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace, where such Master, Owner, Employer or Overseer may or shall live or happen to be, that he did give the said Negro, Mulatto, or Indian Slave such Ticket as aforesaid, or that such Slave went away without his Content; and all and every such Negro, Mulatto or Indian Slave or Slaves fa travelling or going from one Plantation or Place to another without such Ticket as aforesaid, shall be apprehended and committed to Goal, and there be whipped by the Order of such Justice for his, her or their Offence in the Premiltes. And if and Justice shall refuse or neglect his Duty either in causing the Penalty to be forthwith levied (on Complaint being made to him as aforesaid) on any Person who shall suffer a Slave being under his or Negjea<)£ their Directon, to go out without a Ticket as aforesaid, or shall not cause justices to foi* such Punishments to be inflicted, as are directed by this Act, on any Slave feit5l‘ that shall go out without a Ticket as aforesaid, every Justice so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that at every Meeting of the respective Quarter-Sections in this Island, the Justices are hereby required and obliged, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, on every ^"confta’ Just'ce present to order the Constables or Thithing Men to attend every bies to attend Sunday or Holidays at Markets or Places of public Resort of Negroes in their °ndSHoff/asys. respective Parishes, there to apprehend all such Slaves as they shall find at Negro without Tickets and being so apprehended that they carry them before any Markets*-of the said Justices to be punished according to the Directions of this Act, which Order at each respective Quarter-Sessions the Justices are to direct the Clerk of the Peace to enter up as an Order of that Court, and to give [Notice thereof at the most public Places in their respective Parishes, within ten Days after every Quarter-Sections. And every Justice is hereby im-pOA’ered and required to examine upon Oath, any Constable, Tithing Man or other Person bringing before him any Slave or Slaves said to be apprehended for not having Tickets, that such Justice may be able to ascertain whether such Slave or Slaves were really and bona Fide taken up without a Ticket or Tickets. And if the Justices aforesaid, find that either the Constables or Tithing Men or the Clerks of the Peace of their respective Negje& ot-Parishes, do neglect or refuse to do their Duty as herein before directed, such Constablesdif« justices are authorised and impowered to lay a Fine not exceeding Two JjL? forfe,t Pounds on all Constables, Tithing Men or Clerks of the Peace so offending.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that for the iuture all Slaves in this Island shall be allowed the usual Number of Holidays that were allowed at the several Seasons of Christmas, Easter and Whitsuntide. Provided that at any such respective Seasons no two Holidays shall bellowed to follow or succeed immediately one after the other, but that they he allowed such their usual Number of Holidays within the space of jfavgera"ifcreti-one Month immediately succeeding each such respective Season, any Law, onaryHoii-Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. And if any Master, fXwiigVon Owner, Guardian or Attprney of, any Plantation or Settlement, or the Over- Penalty of5<?l5 seer of such Plantation or Settlement shall presume to allow any Holidays VOL. II. , ,*• O te

! 1 I

jn

54

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 24.

[Proviso.]

Overseers,

suffer six Months Im pnfunment.

1760. to any Slaves belonging to such Plantation or Settlements other than as di- — J reded by this Act to be given at the Seasons aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Mailer, Owner, Guardian or Attorney of any Plantation or Settlement, red- dent at the Time on such Plantation or Settlement, shall hereafter knowingly fuifer any Negro, Mulatto or Indian Slaves to assemble together and

Suffering N beat their Drums, Goards, Boards, Barrels or any other Instruments of drums,^c^to Noise, or blow their Horns upon any Plantation, Penn or Settlement, or in iooi. any Yard or Place under his, her, or their Care or Management, or ffnll not endeavour to disperse or prevent the fame by immediately giving Notice thereof to the next Magistrate or commissioned Officer that a proper Force may be sent to disperse the Paid Slaves, every such Mailer, Owner, Guardian or Attorney shall for every such Offence upon Conviction thereof, up^n an Indictment in the Supreme Court of Judicature, or before the Indices of Assize, pay a Fine of One Hundred Pounds to his Majesty, his Hons and SuccefTrs for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island and the contingent Charges thereof. Provided nevertheless that Information of such Offence shall be made upon Oath, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, within the Space of five Days after the Commission of such Offence.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Overseer, or in his Absence any Book keeper or ocher white Person having

&rkfuffTnn'°-S’ Care and Management of any Plantation or Settlement, shall knowing-the fam?, to° ly suffer any Negro, Mulatto or Indian Slaves to assemble together and beat their Drums, Goards, Boards, Barrels or any other Instruments of Noise, every such Overseer, Book-keeper or other white Person so offending, shall for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof, upon an Indictment in the Supreme Court of Judicature, or before the Justices of Assize, suffer six Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize : Provided Informaton is made upon Oath as aforesaid, before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, within the space of five Days after the commission of such Offence, slaves having

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all fhef/pTffession Negroes, Mulattoes or Indian Slaves, who shall hereafter be found to have to suffer death, in his, her, or their Custody, any Gun, Blunderbuss, Pifiol, Gun-powder. Bayonet, Sword, Cutlass, Lance or any other military offensive Weapon, such Negro, Mulatto or Indian Slave, being thereof convicted before two Justices and three Freeholder?, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, or such other Punishment as the Justices and Freeholders, or the major Part of them (one whereof to be a Justice) shall think proper to inflid; unless such Negro, Mulatto or Indian Slave shall be in Company with and under the Direction of a white Man.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act continued, shall extend Having Tick- or be construed to extend to prevent any Negro, Mulatto or Indian Slave or etsexceptv . g,aves^ having a Bayonet, Sword, Cutlass or Lance, provided such Slave or Slaves, has or have a Ticket or Tickets from his, her or their Owners, Mailers, Overseers or Employers, expressing the Reason of his or their being so armed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ticket so given as aforesaid, shall continue or be in Force for more than the Space ot one Calender Month, Tickets given to Watchmen excepted.

Owners or

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any fuffsr any1 to Master, Owner, Guardian, Attorney or Overseer of any such Plantation or "lave to have Settlement, shall suffer any Slave with his or her Privity and Consent to have in Possession any Gun, Blunderbuss, Pistol, Gun-powder, Bayonet, Sword, Cutlass, Lance or other military offensive Weapon, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence, upon conviction thereof, upon an Indictment in the

Supreme

Tickets in force for one month.

iny military Weapons.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act °4.

55

Supreme Court of Judicature, or before the Justices of Assize, forfeit the 1760. Sum of One Hundred Pounds to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for > and towards the Support of the Government of this Island and the contin- On penalty of gent Charges thereof, provided Information is made upon Oath as aforesaid, I0#l* before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within the Space of five Days alter the Commission of such Offence.

X. And in order to prevent the many Mischiefs that may hereafter arise provided in.’ from the wicked Art of Negroes, going under the Appellation of Obeah within Men and Women, pretending to have Communication with the Devil and five Days afte* other evil Spirits, whereby the weak and superstitious are deluded into a such offence* Belief of their having full Power to exempt them, whilst under their Protection, from any Evils that might otherwise happen : Be it therefore e-

na&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of Ja- Slavespre_ jiuary, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred tending to fil« and Sixty one, any Negro or other Slave, who shall pretend to any super- powertofufter natural Power, and he detected in making use of any Blood, Feathers, death or trans-Parrots Beaks, Dogs Teeth, Alligators Teeth, broken Bottles, Grave Dirt, portauon‘ Rum, Egg-shells or any other Materials relative to the Practice of Obeah or Witchcraft, in order to delude and impose on the Minds of others, shall upon Conviction thereof, before two Magistrates and three Freeholders, fiiifer Death or Transportation, any Thing in this Act or any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas the Overseers of Estates in this Island make a frequent

Practice of leaving the several Estates under Care and Management on the n°*

respective Sealons allowed for Negro Holidays, whereby many dangerous themselves Meetings and pernicious Practices are carried on; in order therefore to pre-, Jer vent the like for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That 5^"* -

if any Overseer in this Island, Shall absent himself from the Estate under his cept in time of Care and Management, on any of the particular Holidays herein before mentioned to be allowed to Slaves, or on any Sunday (except during the duty.) Time of Divine Service, or his being on military Duty) without leave of his Employer, every such Overseer so offending, shall for every Offence, for-Forfeit fir* feit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered by Information upon Oath, be-Poundl* fore any Justice of the Peace in a summary Way, in the Parish where such Offence shall arise, any Law, Custom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas many Inconveniences have arisen from Slaves go* ing about the Country under pretence of being free; in order to prevent the like for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry in each respective Parish within this Island, shall within two Months after the Commencement of this Act, cause diligent Enquiry to be made within their respective Parishes, as to the Number of Negroes,

Mulattoes or Indians of free Condition, and cause them to be warned to attend at their next Meeting, and give an Account in what manner they obtained their Freedom, that they may be registered in the respective Vestry-Books of such Parishes, and receive a Certificate of their Freedom from the

Clerks of iuchVeftries respectively, which Certificate they are hereby obliged Free Negroe* to have attested under the Hand and Seal of the Commander in Chief certificates1^-for the Time being, within the Space of three Months after the Date here-tested, of, under the Penalty of six Months Imprisonment, which Certificate Shall by the Commander in Chief, for the Time being, be so attested, without any Fee or Reward; and every Negro, Mulatto or Indian, that shall, after the Commencement of this Act make appear his, or her Title to Freedom and receive a Certificate thereof as aforesaid, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Certificate of the Freedom of any Negro, Mulatto or Indian, shall be taken out or annually renewed, on the Day appointed for chusing Vestry-men in the several Parishes of this Island, such Certificate to be attested under the Hand and Sea) of the Commander in Chief as aforesaid i

56

The LAWS of JAMAICA,

Act

2 4.

Penalty on Justices, Vestry Men aftd Confla-

1760. said; and such Negroes, Mulattoes or Indians shall and they are hereby ob-~ ' liged constantly to carry about them such Certificates and wear their Badges

And wear the of Freedom, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds; all Free Negroes, JVIulat-nlfedom!the,r toes or Indians possessed of a real Estate, or claiming any Privileges or Immunities by virtue of any L aw of this Island, excepted.

XIII. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Negro, Mulatto, or Indian shall neglect to attend the Vestry of each respective Parish as aforesaid, in order to fhevv their right to Freedom, after having been properly warned, such Warning to be attested on Oath, by the Person serving the fame, shall, on not shewing sufficient Reason for his, or her Non-Attendance, be by Warrant under the Hand of one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for that Parish, where such Offender refidts, taken up and committed to Goal for the Space of six Months.

XIV. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That every Justice, Vestry man and Constable, neglecting to do his Duty, as by this Act preferred, every such Justice and Vestryman, shall for every such Offence

P^neglea of forfeit the S um of Fifty Pounds, and every Constable so offending, the Sum of Thirty Pounds, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, which several Forfeitures shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island and the contingent Charges thereof.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negm, Mulatto or Indian as aforesaid, shall be obliged towards the Proof of Freedom, to make search in pursuance of this Act of his or her Title, in a y Office of this Island, the Charge of such Search shall be made good to him or her at the Expence of the Parish where he or she resides.

1 XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captain, Matter or Supercargo of any Vessel, who shall hereafter undertake totransport any Slave or Slaves and give a Receipt for his so doing, and shall bring back to this Island any Slave or Slaves so transported as aforesaid, except Matters of forced in by Stress of Weather, orfome unavoidable Accident, such Captain, back shves"2 Matter or Supercargo so offending, shall for every such offence, upon Convic-transported of Ftion thereof, upon an Indictment in the Supreme Court of Jud;cr ture, or be-forfeif 100I fore t^e Justices of Assize, forfeit a Sum not exceeding one Hundred Pounds, or six months and suffer an Imprisonment not exceeding six Months, which Forfeiture Imprisonment. be to his Majesty, hi& Heirs and Successors for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island and the contingent Charges thereof.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Essoign,’ Wager of Law, Injunction or Non wilt ulterius prosequi shall be entered or allowed in any Process had or commenced by virtue of this Act for the Recovery of any Penalty, upon any Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, justicesto

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices cause this act within their several and respective Parishes and Precincts within this Island, every Quarter shall cause this Act to be publickly read in every Quarter Sessions under the °fn 1 Penalty of Five Pounds, for every Neglect or Refusal, to be paid by each ptnaitj 5 Justice present at such respective Quarter Sessions, any Law, Custora or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, and not declared where they shall be recovered, or how disposed of, not exceeding Forty Shillings, shall be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace, and all Penalties exceeding Forty Shillings shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record, within this Island, one Moiety or half Part whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs

---

Act 24, 25. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 57

1760

and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety or half Part to him or them that shall sue for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island, do within Twenty Days after the Passing of this Act, cause the same to be printed, and three Copies thereof be sent to his Honor the Lieutenant-Governoror Commander in Chief, three Copies thereof to each of the Members of his Majesty's Council and of the Assembly; and three Copies thereof to the Custos or Chief Magistrate of every Parish of this Island, and that he be paid for the same by the Receiver-General out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every Matter and Thing therein contained shall be and continue in Force from and after the first Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord one Thousand seven hundred and sixty-one.

ACT 25

An Act to make Free several Negro and Mulatto Slaves, as a Reward for their faithful Services in the late Rebellions.

[Passed 18th of December.]

WHEREAS sundry horrid and detestable Rebellions and Conspiracies have been lately formed by several Slaves in divers Parts of this Island to destroy the Settlements and Plantations and to murder their Masters, Mistresses and Overseers, and many white Persons have been destroyed in such Rebellions; and whereas there is room to apprehend that a General Massacre of the white People was intended; and whereas Foster, Pembroke and George, three negro Men Slaves, belonging to the Honorable Charles Price, Esquire; Cuffey, belonging to John Ayscough, Esquire; Billy, a Mulatto, belonging to Thomas Nicholas Swigle, Esquire; Blackwall, belonging to his Honor Henry Moore, Esquire, the Lieutenant Governor; Yankey, Billy and Philip, belonging to William Beckford, Esquire; London, belonging to the Estate of John Gleve, Moll and her Son named Quaco, belonging to Peter Brown Kelly, Esquire; Nero, Congo Molly and Beckford, belonging to Arthur Forest, Esquire; Silver, belonging to George Goodwin, Esquire; Jemmy, belonging to the Estate of John Smith, in the Parish of Westmoreland, deceased, and Will, belonging to William Gordon of the Parish of Kingston, Esquire, have severally been instrumental in discovering the said Conspiracies and active in suppressing the said Rebellions; be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, that the said Negroes and Mulatto Slaves named, Foster, Pembroke, George, Cuffey, Billy a Mulatto, Blackwall, Yankey, Billy, Philip, London, Moll, Quaco, Nero, Congo Molly, Beckford, Silver, Jemmy and Will, be and immediately from and after the passing of this Act manumitted and sett Free (and they and each of them is and are hereby manumitted and set Free) of and from all Manner of Servitude and Slavery whatsoeved, and that the present Receiver General or the Receiver General for the Time being, do upon the first Day of May next, pay to each of the said Negroes and Mulatto, the Sum of Five Pounds, and do also on the said First Day of May annually, during the several Lives of the said respective Negroes and Mulatto, pay to them, and each of them respectively, the Sum of Five Pounds as a Reward for their Fidelity and Services to the Publick.

58 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 26.

1761

Act 26

An Act to explain and amend an Act, irititled, an Act to oblige the Justices and Vestry-men of the several Parishes in this Island to build, repair, and keep in repair Barracks, Magazines and Arsenals in their respective Parishes.

[Passed 9th of April.]

---

allotments of Negroes.

WHEREAS by an Act, Entitled, an Act to oblige the Justices and Vestry-men of the several Parishes in this Island, to build, repair, and keep in repair Barracks, Magazines and Arsenals, in their respective Parishes; the Justices and Vestry-men, or the major part of them are enabled to levy a Tax upon the several Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively, for raising such Sum or Sums of Money as should be necessary for the justires and Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and whereas no Power is given to said several Justices and Vestries respectively, in and by the said Act, to warrants for make an allotment of Negroes in such Parities where it may be necessary, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry Men, or the major Part of them in their rtf- . pective Parishes, to levy a Tax, either by raising of money, or by a proportionable Allotment of able labouring Negroes, or by both as shall leem to them most conducive to the Purposes of carrying the said Law into Execution.

II. AND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of each Parish respectively tojffue out his Warrant to the Constable or Tithing-men, to warn in able labouring Negroes according to the several Allotments so to be made by the Justices and Vestry or the major Part of them as aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, to fend in his, her or their Proportion of able labouring Negroes with such Tools as shall be 'convenient, he, file, or they so refusing or neglecting, shall for every IJead pay three Shillings per day, to be recovered upon Conviction there-

' of, before any Justice of the Peace in each respective Parish or Precinct, and which said Sum or Sums of Money so recovered, shall be applied to~ wards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do forthwith cause this Act to be printed and three Cppies to be sent to Jus Honor the Lieutenant Governor, and also to the Cpflos or Chief Magistrate of each Parish, the Costs and Charges whereof, to be paid him 'by the Receiver General, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

Persons refusing to fend Negroes to pay 3s. per day.

An Act 27.

'J he LAWS of JAMAICA.

59

An Act to f'epeal part of an API, ijititled, an Act to oblige the Justices and Vestry Men of the several Parishes of this Island, Pa(red 19thos

to build, repair, and keep in repair Barracks, Magazines and December'

Arsenals in their respective Parishes, and to enable the Justices and Vestry Men of the Parish of Saint Mary, to lay a

Tax for raising the Sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred

Pounds, to be laid out in paying for the Barracks already built at Puerto Maria and Orocabejfa \ and for defraying the Expence of building aBarrackat Jacks Bay, in the said Parish.

WHEREAS by an Act inti tied, an Act to oblige the Jufices and Act 27.

Vejlry Men of the several Parishes in this If and, to build, repair, and keep in repair Barracks, Magazines and Arsenals in their respective Parishes-, It is amongst other Things enacted, that a Barrack being already-built and coinpleated at Puerto Maria Bay in the Parish of Saint Mary, by a private Subscription of the several Inhabitants thereof, the same shall be deemed as the Barrack of that Parish, and that the Justices and Vestry thereof, or the major Part of them, shall pay to the said Subscribers all the Expences they have been at in building the fame, out of the Monies which they are therein after impowered to raise by Virtue of the said Act. And tint whereas several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, have already erected and built by a private Subscription among themselves a Barrack in the said Parish, at a place called Oraca-bejj'a -, It is enacted, in and by the said Act, that all and every such Inhabitants who have so subscribed and paid in, or shall pay in such Subscription Money within three Months, be and they are thereby exempted from the Payment of any Tax which shall be imposed or laid on by the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, for the Payment and Support of the Barrack at Puerto Maria.

II. And whereas, the above mentioned Clauses of the said Act, have TheaboVe not answered the Purposes for which the fame were intended, but haverepeal-iaid the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary under great Difficulties and Inconveniences. For remedy whereof, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, that each and every the Clause and Clauses of the said Act herein before recited, be, and the same are hereby annulled and repealed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And whereas for the Safety and Protection of the said Parish,(it is absolutely necessary to erect and build a Barrack at a Place called Jacks Bay in the said Parish; and whereas the Inhabitants of the said Parish who were at the expence of erecting and building the said Barracks at Puerto Maria and Orocabejfa by Subscription as aforesaid, have not been reim- vest^olaya , bursed the Monies by therst laid out in erecting and Building the fame; Tnxto reim-and whereas for defraying the Expence of erecting and building the Bar- Monies^x-racks at Jacks Bay and for raif ng Money for the Payment of such of the pended by Inhabitants of the said Parish, as were at the Charge of erecting and Subfcr,ptl0,R building the Barracks at Puerto Maria and Orocabejfa by Subscription as aforesaid, it will be necessary to impower and authorize the Justices and Vestry Men of the said Parish, to levy a Tax upon the Inhabitants thereof for

6o The LA WS of JAMAICA. Act 27, 28;

1761. for the Purposes aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Justices and Vestry Men of the said Parish of Saint Mary,

or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered and required to lay a Tax on the Inhabitants of the said Parish for raising the Sum of Four Thousand Five Plundred Pounds for the Uses aforesaid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Sum of Two Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds, part of the Persons aP- said Sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, shall be paid into eeTve thV0 re" the Hands of Zachary Bayly, Alexander Grant, and Ballard Beckford, Monies. Esquires, in full discharge of the Expences of erecting and building the present Barrack at Puerto Maria-, that the Sum of One Thousand One Hundred and Twenty Five Pounds, being one other Part of the said Sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, shall be paid into the Hands of James Murphy, Daniel Munroe and Alexander Grant, Esquires, in full discharge of the Expence of erecting and building the present Barrack at Oracabeffa-, and that the Sum of One Thousand One Hundred and Twenty Five Pounds, the Remainder of the said Four Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, shall be paid into the Hands of Doctor John Gordon, Sen. William Bedford Ellis, William Nedham, and Richard Lewing, Esquires, to be by them laid out and expended in building a Barrack at Jacks Bay.

*De«iber f Avt Afi to prevent the Inconveniencies arising frotn exhorbitemt Grants and Devifies, made by White Persons to Negroes, and the Issue of Negroes, and to refrain and limit fitch Grants and Devises.

Act 28. "IT THERE AS divers large Estates, confining of Lands, Slaves, Cattie. Stock, Money, and Securities for Money, have from Time to Time been left by white Persons to Mulattoes, and other the Offspring of Mulattoes, not being their own Issue born in lawful Wedlock.

II. And whereas such Bequests tend greatly to destroy the Distinction, requisite and absolutely necessary to be kept up in this Island, between

} white Persons and Negroes, their Issue and Offspring, and may in Progress of Time be the Means of decreasing the number of white Inhabitants in this Island.

III. And whereas it is the Policy of every good Government to restrain Individuals from disposing of Property to the particular Prejudice and petriment of their Heirs and Relations, and to the Injury and Damage of the Community in general; May it please your mofl Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by Authority of the same, that from and after the first Day of January which will be in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand, Seven Hundred and Sixty-two, no Lands, Negro, Mulattoes, dr other Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money or other real or personal Estate, in this Island whatsoever, shall be given, granted to, or declared to be in Trust: for, or to the Use of, or devised by any white Person to any Negro whatever, or to any Mulatto or other Person not being their own Issue born in lawful Wedlock, and being the Issue of a Negro, and deemed a Mulatto, according to the true intent and Meaning of an Act, intitled, An Act to secure the Freedom of Elections, and directing the Proceed- . ings in the Choice of Members, to serve in Assemblies in this Ifla?id, to qualify Persons defied to serve in future Assemblies in this Island, and to appertain who shall be deemed Mulattoes for the future , or to any Person or Persons in Trust of them, or any of them, or to or for the Use of them,

» or

Act 28.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

61

or any of them, by any Deed, last Will and Testament, Instrument in 1761. Writing, or by Parol, or by any other Way or Device whatsoever; other v- — v — > than in Manner herein after excepted.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any white Person or Persons, shall from and after the first Day of January which will be in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-two, give, grant, or devise to any Negro, Mulatto or other Person not being his or their own lawful IlTue, born in Wedlock, being the Issue of a Negro and deemed a Mulatto, as aforesaid, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, any Lands, Negro,

Mulatto or other Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money, or other real or personal Efface in this I Hand whatsoever, that such Negro, Mulatto, or other Person not so born in lawful Wedlock as aforesaid, or his or their Heirs or any of them, or the Person or Persons appointed to take in Trust for them or any oi them, shall take no Estate, Benefit, or Advantage by such Gift, Grant, Declaration or Devise, be the fame by Deed, Will, Instru-ment in Writing, or by a Parol, or by any other Form or Devise whatsoever or any Part thereof, except as herein after is excepted; but the Lands, ^o^be^n^h-Negro, Mulatto, or other Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money, or other real edto Negroes, or personal Effate whatsover, so given, granted, declared in Trust, or^eHeoit0 devised, and every Part thereof, except in Manner herein after excepted. Law. u shall vest in Manner and be to, and for the Uses following; that is to say,

all the Lands, Slaves, and all other real Estate so given, granted, declared, or devised shall go to and be for the sole Use and Benefit of the Heir or Heirs at Law, or Heir or Heirs apparent of such Donor, Grantor, or Testator, as the Case may require; and all the personal Estate so given, granted, or bequeathed shall go to and be for the Use and Benefit of such Personalertates Person or Persons, as would have been intitled to the fame, under the Ihestatuteof Statute of Distributions, had such Donor, Grantor, or Testator died intef- attribution, tate, to and for such Estates, and in such Manner as the fame were mended, and intended to be given, granted, declared in Trust or devised to such Negro, Mulatto, or other Person, not so born in lawful Wedlock as aforesaid, and being the Issue of a Negro and deemed a Mulatto, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said herein before-mentioned Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all Gifts,

Grant, Lease or Leases, Devises, Covenants, Conditions, Provisoes, Declarations made or declared either by Writing, Parol or any other Man- provided ner whatsoever, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, with an Intent toagainst* evade and elude this Act shall be void, as to passing any Estates, Trusts,

or other Benefit or Advantage contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Estates, Conditions, Covenants, Declarations, and Provisoes, given, granted, devised, declaredorprovidedforandeveryotherBene-fitarifing therefrom, shall vest in and be for the Uses and in the Manner herein before-mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that in any Trulle’es Suitor Suits in the Courts of Equity to be instituted against any Personalwdto

or Persons claiming either as Trustees or Cefuy que Trusts under any Gifts, to bllIs Grants, Declarations of Trust, or Devises prohibited and restrained by this Act or intended so to be, the Defendant or Defendants shall not be allowed to demur to such Bill, but be compelled to put in an Answer as to the Discovery of any such Trust and Trusts as shall or may be prayed by any Bill to be filed against him, her or them.

VII. Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained, shall ex-Ne tend to any Gifts or Grants hereafter to be made for any full valuable and incapacitated adequate Considerations, really and bona fide paid by such Negro, Mulat- "0?e th* to, or other Person not born in lawful Wedlock, and being deemed a Mu- aooooi. in latto, according to the true intent and meaning of the herein before men-allty*

VOL. II. tioned

62

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 2 8

i.761.

L

Persons redeem in Great Britain excepted for a Time.

Person may devi/'e 2000l. only.

Deed? recorded, ratified. ‘

Persons of the fourth degree may claim.

tioned Act, out of their own proper Monies and elsedts so as the whole of all such Gifts, Grants, and Purchases from all and every the Grantors given en and granted to, and purchased by such Negro, Mulatto, or other Person not born inlawful Wedlock, shall not in the whole exceed the Valus of the Sum of Two Thousand Pounds in reality.

VIII. Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to any Gifts or Grants to be made to any Negroes, Mulattoes, or other Person or Persons the Offspring of Negroes, and deemed Mulattoes as aforesaid, by any white Person or Persons now absent and re-fident in Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of his Majesty's Dominions, so as such Gifts and Grants be duly proved and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, on or before the Thirtieth Day of September, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty

Two.

IX. Provided likewise, that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Negro, Mulatto, or other Person not born in lawful Wedlock, and being deemed a Mulatto, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the herein before mentioned Act, to receive and take any Lands, Negroes, Mulatto or other Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money, or other Estate, Real or Personal, in this Island, so that the Value and Amount of such Land, Negroes, Mulatoes, or other Slaves, Cattle, Stock, Money, or other Real or Personal Estate given, granted, and by all and every the Donors and Testators being white Persons, exceed not the Sum of Two Thousand Pounds in the whole to any one Person, any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Provided likewise, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to any Devises or Bequests made, or to be made, by Will, to any Negro, Mulatto, or other Person or Persons the Offspring of Negroes, deemed Mulattoes as aforesaid, by any white Person or Persons how absent and resident in Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of his Majesty's Dominions, so as such Devises or Bequests do veftin such Devi-fee or Legated, and the Will giving and bequeathing the fame be duly proved arid recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, on or before the said' Thirtieth Day of September, which will be in the Year of Our. Lord One Thousand, Seven Hundred and Sixty-two.

XI. Provided likewise, that this Act or any Thing therein contained shall riot extend, or be construed to extend, to any Gifts or Grants already made and enrolled in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, or any Devises or Bequests already veiled in any Person or Persons, any thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, that this Act or any Thing therein contained shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain any Gift, Grant, or Devise to Mulattoes or other Persons not born in lawful Wedlock, and being the Offspring of a Negro, within the fourth Degree, anddescribed in the aforementioned Act, or their Issue, to whom or to whose Ancestors the same Rights and Privileges, with English Subjects born of white Parents have been granted, by any Act of the Governor or Commander in Chief, Council and Assembly of this Island.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that any Person or Persons, who shall or may have any Right, Title or Claim to any Estate or Hereditament real, personal, or mixed, under this Act, shall and mayfuefor. the fame, either in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature or in ariy Court of Equity in this Island, as he, she, or they shall or may be advised.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Secretary of this Island do within Twenty Days after the Passing hereof, cause this Act to be printed, and Ten Copies thereof to be sent to his Ho-

J‘ _ ~ nor

Act 28, 29. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

63

norths Lieutenant-Governor; and Ten Copies thereof to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly; and Ten Copies to all and every the Custodes of the several Precincts of this Island; the Charges whereof shall be paid to him by the Receiver-General out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

An Atl, to explain a?id amend an ASl, intit led, an Act, to re- p^m’b9efof medy the Evils arising from irregular Assemblies of Slaves, and to prevent their possessing Arms and Ammunition, and going from Place to Place without Tickets and preventing the Practice of Obeah, and to restrain Overseers from leaving the Estates under their Care on certain Days, and to oblige all free Negroes, Mulattoes and Indians, to register their Names in the Vestry Books of the respective Parishes of this Island, and to carry about them the Certificate^and wear the Badge of their Freedom; and to prevent any Captain, Master, or Supercargo of any Vessel, bringing back Slaves transported off this Island*

WHEREAS by an Act, intitled, an Act to remedy the Evils arif- Act 29.

ingfrom,irregular Assemblies of Slaves and to prevent their pojj'ejjing '

Arms and Ammunition, and goingfrom Place to Place without Tickets -, and for preventing the Practice of Obeah, and to refrain Overseers from leaving the Efates under their Care on certain Days, and to oblige all Free Negroes,

Mulattoes or Indians, to regifer their Names in the Vefry Books of the ref-pell ive Parishes of this If and, and to carry about them the Certificate and wear the Badge of their Freedom; and to prevent any Captain, Maser, or Super-cargo of any Vessel, bringing back Slaves transported off this If and it Is

among other Things enacted that the Certificates of the Freedom of Negroes, Mulattoes, and Indians shall be renewed annually.

° it And whereas the obliging them to renew the fame annually is un-necessary and a needless Expence, be it enacted by the Lieutenant-Gover- fore'en^h°ejj nor. Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and Certificates, it .s hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, that all Negroes, Mulattoes, and Indians who now are, or hereafter may become free, shall be obliged to take out or renew such Certificates once in Seven Years and not oft’er, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry in each respective Parish within this Island, shall annual- Warning to ly order the Constables to warn all such Negroes, Mulattoes, and Indi — ^tendwhen ans of Free Condition, the Term of whose Certificates is near expiring, to attend the Vestry, the Day appointed for Choosing Vestry Men in the respective Parishes, to renew such Certificates.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do forthwith cause this Act to be printed, and two Copies thereof sent to his Honor the Lieutenant-Governor, and one to the Clerk of the Vestry of each Parish in this Island, the Charges whereof the Receiver-General is to pay out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act 30.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

t lZ^\f to make Free a Negro Slave, ?ia??ied Jack, the pro-

pafftj ,5th «f perty of Peter Thomas of the Parish of Saint Mary, Planter,

JJkimiber. - 7 1.

for his faithful Services to the P no lick.

Act

3°* WHEREAS a Negro Man named Jack, the Property of Peter Fho-

V t was of the Parish of Saint Mary, Planter, has been very instrumental in the discovery of Rebellious Conspiracies and was extremely active in supprefhng the late Rebellion, in the said Parish; in Order therefore that he may be rewarded for such his Fidelity and Services to the Publick, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of Jamaica, mod: humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Idand, and it is hereby enadred by the Authority of the same, that the said Negro Man named Jack be immediately from and after the pading of this Act, manumitted and sett Free of and from all Manner of Servitude and Slavery whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General or the Receiver General for the Time being, do upon the fird: Day of May next, pay to the said Negro the Sum of Five Pounds, and do also on the Fird: Day of May annually, during his Life pay him the Sum of Five Pounds as a Reward for his Fidelity and Services.

.»• ..e> j&f •£& S,- sffiv SSs eS- "S’/, •£» ..ei- <3- . s«a. .n. .e>. .0.

C~ — 1v -

Palled t7th of Feb»uary.

762. An Act for vefing in Trustees certain Tolls, to keep the Ferry, and ereB Toll-gates or Turnpikes on the several Roads leading from Saint Jago de !a Vega, to Passage-Fort, in the Parish of Saint Catherine, and to the extreme Part of Water-House Savannah, nearest to Half-way Tree in the Parish of Saint A ndrew, for repairing a?id keeping in Repair the said Roads and other Purposes thereiti ?7ientio?ied.

Act 1. 'W WHEREAS the Roads leading from the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega \\ in the Parish of Saint Catherine, to a Place called the Ferry in the Parish of Saint Andrew, and from thence to the extreme Part of Water-House Savannah, neared: to a Place called Halfway-Free in the said Parish, and also from the said Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, to a Place called Passage-Fort in the Paridi of Saint Catherineixt now in a very bad Conditi-and are liable and subject to be prejudiced and impaired by the violent

on

Floods; whereby the Communication between the said Town and the Windward Parts of this Idand is often rendered difficult and dangerous. And whereas it is also necessary that a Ferry should be kept, for accommodation and Padage over Rio-Cobre; and also a good and sufficient Bridge should be kept and maintained over the Salt-River; in order therefore to render the said Communication more safe and easy, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Idand of Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, that the Honorable Corr.missioners Philip P innock, John Scott and Zachary Bayly, Esquires; Members of appointed. your Majesty's Council in this Idand; the Honorable Charles Price, Esquire;

Speaker

Act 31.

65

The LAWS of J AMAICA.

Speaker of the Assembly, and the Speaker of the Assembly, for the 1762.

Time being, John AyJcough, Archibald. Sinclair, Rose Price, John 1--- J

Drudge, John Eckvardes, Thomas Gordon, Thomas French, Robert Dal-las, Robert Stirling, Alexander Grant, George Francis Hampfon, James Prevofl, George Bonner, Thomas Beach, Gilbert Ford, Stephen Richard Redwood, John Mihvard, William Gordon, George Paplay, and William Bedford Ellis, Esquires shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees, for the surveying, mending and keeping in Repair the said Roads; and also, keeping up the said Ferry over the Rio-Cobre; and also the said Bridge over the Salt-River; and that they and the Survivors of them, or any seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they or any seven or more of them shall authorize and appoint, Comm;/noners shall cause the said Roads to be amended and kept in good Repair; and authorized to also fhalhvithinthefpaceof lix Months establish and maintain a Ferry over the aampecnrj Rio-Cobre, by keeping at or near the Place called the Farm, one large Flat-the Road* and bottomed Boat, with Cables, Polls, and Negroes, sufficient to carry a Coach keep a Ferry’ andfour Horses over at a Time in case of Floods, and also one good and sufficient Canoe; and also shall erect or build or cause to be erected or built, a new good and sufficient Bridge over the Salt-River, at a Place called the Ferry, of Stone, Brick, or good hard Timber, with a Floor of Plank three Inches thick, and the Sides properly raised in; and also shall turn or cause to be turned Arches, over the several Springs that cross the said Road, leading from the Ferry to Water-House Savannah. And in order to enable said Trustees or such Person or Persons as they or any seven or more of them, shall authorize or appoint to perform the said Works, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or such Person or Persons as they or any seven or more of them, shall appoint and contract with, to mend the said Roads and carry this Act into Execution, to erect from Time to Time, one or more Toll-Je0"£|at" to Gate or Toll-Gates, not exceeding five, at such Place or Places, as to the said Trustees or any seven or more of them, shall appear to be necessary and be required by the Person or Persons with whom they shall contract, in, upon, or a-cross any of the said Roads,

II. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That a Toll shall be Rate of the paid at each of the said Gates, not exceeding the following Rates, viz,™'

For every horned Beast, Horse, Mule or Afs, Sevenpence Halfpenny; for Sheep, Goats, and Hogs, five Shillings per Sco e; and so in proportion for a greater or less Number; for a Coach, Chariot, four Wheel Chaise or Cart, at the Rate of Sevenpence Halfpenny, for each Beast drawing the fame; for a two Wheel Chaise with one or more Horses one Shilling and threepence; for every Waggon five Shillings; and for every Wain three Shillings and Ninepence, including the Beads drawing the fame; and that no Person, Carriage of any fort, Horse, Mule, Afs, Cattle,

Sheep, Goats or Hogs passing to and fro, shall be obliged to pay the said Tolls, more than once in each Day, at any one of the said Gates; and that no Person, Carriage, Horse, Mules, Asses, Cattle, Sheep, Goats or Hogs, shall be permitted to pass through either of the said Gates, without having paid the Toll, not exceeding the above-mentioned Rates.

III. And be it also enacted, that for the Use of the said Ferry, Boat, Rates of or Canoe, the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Trustees, Ferry’ or any seven or more of them, shall take and receive a Toll, not exceeding the following Rates, that is to say, for every Horse, in a Coach, Chariot, or Chaise Sevenpernie Halfpenny; for a single Horse and Rider Seven-pence Halfpenny; for every Foot Passenger, Sevenpence Halfpenny; for every horned Bead, Horse, Mule or Afs, Sevenpence Halfpenny; for Sheep, Goats, and Hogs, five Shillings per Score, and so in Proportion be the fame more or less, and that no Coach, Chariot or Chaise, single Horse, Passengers, horned Bead, Mule, Afs, Sheep, Goat or Hog, shall VOL. II. R be

66

Act 31.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

be ferried over, without having first paid the Toll, to be appointed by; the said Trustees or any seven or more of them, not exceeding the above mentioned Rates.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Trustees or any seven or more of in case of re- them, or such Person or Persons, as they or any seven or more of them e’f Toii’, 7the shall, under their Hands and Seals from Time to Time nominate and ap-Pcvfon a|> point, to levy the Tolls and Duties, hereby laid and required to be paid, ceiv'J'the'fime upon any such Person or Persons, who shall after demand thereof made, nn|.ov.ered to neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, by Distress of any Plorle of Horses, or other Cattle or Goods, upon or for which such Toll or Duty is by this Act imposed and made payable; or by distress of any other of the Goods of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the lame, and to detain and keep such Goods, until such Toll or Duty, with the reasonable Charges 01 such distraining and keeping shall be paid ,• and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons lo detraining after the Space of four Days, after such distress made and taken, to fell the Horses, other Cattle or Goods so distrained and taken, returning the Overplufs (if1 any be) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Toll Duty and r.a-sonable Charges, for distraining and keeping the same shall be deducted and paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Pennityon^ Person or Persons whatsoever owning, renting or occupying any Land, or fering' any one other Tenements near to the Turnpike Gates or bars, which shall be erected, thcu'hnds &c cont;inued or kept up in Pursuance of this Act, shall knowingly or willingly

suffer any Person or Persons whatsoever to pass through any Gate, Passage or Way, with any Coach, Chaise, Chariot, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriages, Horse, Mule, Afs, or any sort of Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls or Duties laid, by the said Trustees, in Pursuance of this Act, shall be fraudently avoided; every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted upon Oath, before any one or more of the said Trustees, (which Oath the said Trustees or any of them are hereby impowered to administer) or before any Justice of the Peace of either of the Parishes or Precincts, of Saint Andrew or Saint Catherine, (which Oath the said Justice of the Peace is hereby also impowered to administer) shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, hereby authorized to put this Act into Execution, or to the Person or Persons for the Time being, for that Purpose appointed by the said Trustees, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; which Sum in Case the fame be not forthwith paid, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any of them, or of the said Justices; rendering the Overplufs to the Owner on Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of making such 'Distress axid Sale, to be settled by the said Trustees or any of them, or by the said Justice.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said pbces np* Trustees or any seven or more of them shall, from Time to Time and as !ojmT>iVi';oners often as to them or any seven or more of them, shall feein necessary, to meet. meet at the Old Court Houses of Saint ago de la Vega and Kingston alternately, and call before them such Contractor or Contractors, to inspect and examine his, her, or their Accounts, to enquire into the State and Condition of the said Roads, Bridges, and Boats, and d^tll and every other Act and Thing, that they shall think necessary for carrying this Act into Execution.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees or any seven or more of them shall, on or before the sixth Day of

lie Notice of March next, cause publick Notice to be given, by one or more Advertise-the" mectlll§' ments in the publick Papers, of Saint Jago de la Vega and Kingston, that they

Act 3 i.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

67

they the said Trustees or any seven or more of them will meet on the fifth 1762. Day of Apr:!, at the Old Court-House in the Town of Saint Jago de U u J Vega, to receive Proposals in writing and sealed up, from any such Person or Persons who shall be willing tocontraft and agree, with the said Trustees, to mend and keep in Repair, the said several Roads or either of them and also to build the said Bridge and Arches, and provide and maintain the said Ferry, Boat, Canoe, Polls, Cables and Negroes, and to all other the Matters and Things in this Act directed or required.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Commissioners foid Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall meet in Pursuance of impowered to such Notice, and shall, and they are hereby impowered to contract and an^PwfotTto agree, with such Person or Persons, whose Propofols, for carrying this .carry this Act Act or any Part thereof into Execution, to them shall seem most reasona-,ntoexecution* ble and advantageous to the public.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons so contrafting and agreeing with the said Trustees, And/uchPer-shall be appointed to receive and collect the said Tolls respectively, ac-eTto enter cording to such Contract or Contracts; and shall also within Ten Days into Bond, after such Contract or Contracts made, enter into a Bond or Bonds, fc) our Sovereign Lord the King, with good and sufficient Security in the Penalty or Penalties of four Thousand Pounds, with a Condition or Conditions for the due performance of such their Contraft or Contrafts; and

any such Contract or Contracts, without such Bond or Bonds are hereby declared to be null and void.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall { and may be lawful for the said Contractor or Contractors to dig, gather, dig, and carry take and carry away, any Gravel, Sand, Stone or other Materials, out of^ayf^Vany any Savannah, waste and uninclosed or unopened Land, River or Brook, wade Ground (Timber only excepted) in or near which the said several Roads do andne3rtheroads’ shall lie, as shall be proper for repairing and amending the said Roads, without paying any Thing for the fame; such Contractor or Contractors levelling or causing to be levelled, all such Holes and Pitts, where any such Materials as aforesaid shall be digged, gathered or taken, and from whence the same shall be carried away; and where there is not sufficient of such Materials, Savannahs, Waste uninclosed or unopened Land as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Contractor or Contractors, by order of the Trustees or any seven or more of them, to dig and gather the fame, out of the several Ground or Grounds, of any Person or Persons (not being the Ground whereon any House or Houses Hand, Garden,

Yard or Meadow, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to an House, or any Piece or Parcel of Provision Ground) where any such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to carry away such and so much thereof, as the said Contractor or Contractors, in their respective Places shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the Roads aforesaid; paying such Rates for such Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively, of the Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, or carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees, appointed to put this Act into Execution or any seven or more of them shall Judge reasonable. And in Case of any Difference concerning the same, between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, Contractor or Contractors, touching such Damage as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace of the Pre-cinfts, wherein the Matter in Dispute shall arise, within their respective Jurisdictions, and in their respective General Quarter Sessions, or the Major Part of such Justices then present, shall and may adjudge, assess, and finally determine the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Contractor or Contractors, to remove

68

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act

3 i.

1762.

[Proviso.]

To make causeways and Diains.

To erect Houses near the Toll gates.

Turnpikes,&c verted in the Trustees.

Penalty on Persons pul ling down Toll gates,&c.

move and prevent all Annoyances on, or in any Part of the said Roads, or any of them; by Filth, Dung, Rubbish or otherwise, to turn any Water Courses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along or out of the said Roads or any of them, to the prejudice of the fame; and to Cleanse any Ditch or Water Course adjoining to the said Roads or any of them, and to cut down, lop or top any Trees or Bushes growing in the said Roads, or any of them, or on the Banks or Hedges adjacent thereto, and take and carry away the fame. Provided, that whenever it shall be thought necessary, by the said Trustees, or any seven or m6re of them, or by the Contractor or Contractors, to turn any Water, or make any new Drains, the same shall be, by the said Trustees, Contractor or Contractors, carried and conducted in such Manner, as to prevent, as much as possible, any Prejudice to the Lands of any Person.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Contractor or Contractors, to make or cause to be made Causeways, and to cut and make Drains through any Ground lying contigious to the said Roads, or any of them; and to repair and sustain such Bridges as are already built on the said Roads, or any of them, and to make and erect any other Arches or Bridges of Brick, Timber, or Stone, upon the said Roads or any of them.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Contractor or Contractors shall have Power, to erect one House in the Highway at the Junction of the two above-mentioned Roads, leading to the Ferry and Passage-Fort, and also one other House adjoining near the Gate to be erected, at or near the said Bridge over the Salt River (Provided such Houses do not obflrut a free Passage along the said Road, nor take up a space of Ground exceeding a Square of Twenty feet each) and also to erect and fix a good and sufficient Hut, near the Banks of Rio-Cobre, contiguous to the Road, for the Shelter of the said Flat-bottom Boat and Negroes, to be employed in the Management of the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the' Right, Interest and Property of the Turnpikes and Toll-Gates and Toll-houses so to be erected as aforesaid, and every of them shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, or the Survivors of them, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, and may and shall be removable by the said Trustees or any seven or more of them, at any of their Publick Meetings, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, by any such Contractor or Contractors.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatsoever Person or Persons shall become the Contractor or Contractors, for amending and keeping in repair the Road from the Rio-Cobre, to the end of Water-house Savan?iaby shall be at Liberty to erect one of the Toll-gates herein mentioned on any Part of said Road, and shall be obliged, to provide and keep the said Ferry Boat and Canoe, with Negroes to attend the fame; and also to build and keep in repair said Bridge and Arches, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person or Persons shall presume willfully and wantonly, to pull down Damage or Destroy any Turnpike, Toll-gate or Toll-house to be erected or built by Virtue of this Act, under Pain of six Months Imprisoment, upon Conviction of said Offence, in any Court of Record in this Island.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that at all Meetings of the said Trustees, the Major Part of any seven or more of them then present, shall and may do all and every Act, Matter or Thing herein before directed, towards the due Execution of this Act.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, that it shall and may be lawful-to and for the said Trustees, or any such Contrator or Con-trators for the repairing the said Roads, or any of them, or for any Person

Act 3i, 32- The LAWS of JAMAICA.

69

son or Persons employed by or under them or any of them, to use Carts 1762.

with narrow Wheels for the Carriage of Stone, Lime, Sand or other Ma- *----- —

terials, for-mending of the said Roads only; any Lav/ to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this ^e*"cce0*n. Act and all the Tolls, Duties and Powers, hereby granted and given, and tinuance ot by the said Trustees to be limitted and appointed, shall take Place from, lus

and immediately at and after the passing of this Act, and shall continue and be in Force, and be paid from thence, for and during the Term of Fifteen Years, and from thence to the end of the then next Sessions of Assembly and no longer.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Aaion^on^ Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any commenced Thing done in Pursuance of this Act, in every such Case, the Action or

Suit shall be brought within six Months next after the Fadts commited and not afterwards, and shall be commenced, prosecuted and tried in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, shall and may plead the general issue Not Guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had, and that the fame was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time befor*e limitted, for bringing the same as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plantiff or Plantififs shall become non suited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurer,

Judgment shall be against the Plantiff or Plantiffs, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case in Law.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that this ™Jee^dto Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, to be a publick Act, and to publick a£L be judically taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Th>s Secretary of this Island do forthwith cause this Act to be printed with be printed,0 Marginal Notes, and two Copies thereof to be sent to each of the Trustees;

and that the Receiver-General do pay him for the fame, out of any Moniei which shall be in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act for amending and keeping in rep air, a Road leading P from Pepper Plantation over Mayday Hills in the Parish of Saint Elizabeth, to Sarint Jago Platitations in the Parish of Clarendon; a?id for vesting in Trustees, the Toll raised by & Turpike on the said Mayday Hills for the Purposes aforesaid,

WHERE AS an Act, intitled, an Act, for laying out a Road from Act 32.'

Pepper ^Plantation over Mayday Hills in the Parish of Saint Elizabeth to Saint Jago Savannah in the PariJJ? of Clarendon, expired the last Session of Assembly, and whereas the making and keeping in repair good and sufficient Roads will contribute much to the settling and cultivating this Island as well as to the the Ease, Safety and Advantage of the Inhabitants thereof, 'by facilitating an Intercourse of Commerce and Communication in Times of Peace, ajidof Aid and Council in case of publick Dan-VOL. II, S ger;

7°

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 32.

1762. gcr; and whereas the aforesaid Road leading over Mayday Hills cannot,

w by the ordinary Co uric provided by the Laws of this Jlland for repairing the Highway, be effectually amended and kept in good repair; to the intent that so necessary a Road may be with all convenient Speed amended and kepi in good and futheient Repair, may it please your most Excellent Maj.elly that it may be enacted, Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica; and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, that the Honorable John Scott, the Honorable Norwood Witter and the Honorable Zachary Bayly, Llquires, Members of your Majesty's Council; John Olyphant, Robert Dellap, John Campbell, William Lewis, James Dawes, Alexander Crawford,

C1 horn as Fearon, Luke Spencer Dowell and Walrond Fearon, Esquires, Members of the present Assembly, and Julines Beckford, George Raxtead, Da-rid Mitchell, Christopher Brooks, Fhomes Wallin, Esquires, and the Reverend John Venn shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trullees, for the surveying, ordering, amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, leading from Pepper Plantation over Mayday Hills in the Parish of Saint Elizabeth, to Saint Jago Plantations in the Parish of Clarendon; and also, for putting in Execution all other the Powers in and by this Act given, and they and that the Survivors of them, or any three or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they or any five or more of T { them shall authorize or appoint, shall and may, from and immediately

be ereiitti. after the passing of this Act, ereCl or cause to be erected, one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turpikes- in, upon, or a-cross any Part or Parts of the said Road, and their shall receive and take the Toll or Duty following, before any Horleor other Beall, or any Coach, Berlin, Landaw, Chariot, Chair, Chaise,- Ketterine, Wain, Cart, or other Carriages shall pass thro the fame; to wit, for every. Coach, Berlin, Landaw, Chariot, Rates of the Chair or Chaise drawn by fix Horses or Mules, the Sum of Seven Shillings Ferry* and Sixpence; for every of the aforesaid Carriages drawn by four Plorfes or Mules only, the Sum of five Shillings; for every Chaise, Chair or Ket-" tcrine, drawn by two Horses or two Mules, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; and for every one, drawn only by one Horse or Mule, one Shilling and Threepence; and for every Wain, Waggon, Cart or Carriage for Goods, Provisions Qr Merchandizes only, with four Wheels and drawn by three or more Steers, Horses, Mules or Afies, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every two wheeled Cart or other Carriage of the like kind, or to the like Use and drawn by less than three Steers, Horses or Mules, five Shillings; for every Horse, Mare, Mule or Afs, loaden and not drawing as aforesaid, one Shilling and threepence; for every drove of Steers,-Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of one Pound five Shillings per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater orlefler Number, for every Drove of Calves;, Sheep, Hogs, Goats, Lambs, or Kids, the Sum of Ten Shillings per Score, and io in Proportion for a greater or lefier Number; for every Person journeying on Horse-back, one Shilling and threepence; for every Person riding on a Mule or Afs, one Shilling and threepence.

II. Provided always that this Act doth not extend to charge with the said Toll, any Person or Persons, Carriages, Cattle and Things that shall from Time to Time be employed in the actual Service of the said Trullees r in the amending or repairing the said Road, or collecting the said Tolls; and the said respective Sums of Money shall be received and taken as and for a Toll or Duty, and the Money thereby to be raised is and shall hereby be vested in the said Trullees, and be applied and disposed of, for the amending and keeping in repair the said Road, in such Sort, Manner and, ‘Form as herein after is mentioned; and the said Trufiiees or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and authorized, by themselves or such Person or Persons, as they or any five or more of them shall appoint,

- v J to

Act 32.

7*

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

to'levy the Lid feverril .Tolls or Duties upon any Person or Persons, who shall upon Demand thereof made, neglect or lefufe to pay the iam?, by distress of any Ilovfe or Ilorfes, Cattle or Carriages, or the G6ods thereon loaden, from which such Toll is or ought to arise, or upon any other the (mods and Chattles of him or them, who ought to pay the same, and such Distress to impound, keep or detain, until such Toll or Duty, with all Costs and Charges reasonably incident to the fame be paid and satisfied; and further to sell and dispose of the fame, in such Sort, Manner and Form, as distresses for Rent-Arrears may be fold and disposed of, by the Laws and Statutes of Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Toll and Duty so to be raised and levied shall be, by the said Trustees applied to and for the amending and keeping in good and sufficient repair the said Road, and the charges incident thereto, and to and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Person or Persons, having or being in the Care, Management, or Occu- to oafs through pation of any Lands adjoining or near to such Road, shall willingly orlands* wittingly Puffer any Person or Persons to take or make Use of any Roads or bye Paths through such Lands, thereby to prevent the Payment of such Toll or Duty as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons so offending, as well the Owner or Occupier of such Lands, as the Party making Use of such Artifice, to avoid the Payment of the Toll or Duty aforesaid, upon complaint in open Session, or before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parish or Precinct where such Offence shall be committed, and due Proof thereof made by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other probable Circumstance, shall respectively forfeit to the said Trustees, fix times the Value of such Toll or Duty, or Forty Shillings, at,the Election of the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, to be applied by them or any three or more of them, to the Uses in this Act mentioned; and further, to prevent such Frauds and Abuses as aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Trustees, or any three or more of them, to erect and place one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the said Road, cross any Lane, Path or Way leading from the said Road, and thereto Demand, levy or take such Toll or Duty, and to have such Remedy for the same as aforesaid, so as the fame do not amount to a double Charge, or exacting for the one and the fame Thing, in one and the same Day.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for such Trustees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, by such Warrant or Writing as aforesaid, to appoint one or more Overseer or Overseers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and one or more Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the said Toll or Duty, with such reason- Allowed,to able Salary, Hire or Reward, as they shall think fit, and them or any of themfo appointed to remove, and others in their Place and Stead to put, &c.

and that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Overseer or Over-' seers. Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, their Servants and Slaves or any others by them commanded, ordered or appointed, to seek for, dig, carry away and make Use of, for making or repairing the said Road, any Stones, Gravel, Sand or other such like Materials, in any Common, Savannah or other uncultivated Ground, not inclosed, next adjoining or moil convenient to such Roads.

VI. Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend, to impower the said Trustees or any Person or Persons acting under them, or by Virtue of this Act, either in the laying out, making or repairing the said Road, to molest, disturb or trespass upon any Person or Persons

72

______The LAWSof JAMAICA.__________Act 3 2.

1762. Persons whatsoever, or his or their dwelling House, Out house or Cur-' — v — J telage, Works, Negro houses. Cane Pieces, Plantain Walks, or other Provision Grounds, or in any Settlement, Penn, Polink, Failure or other inclosed Grounds whatsoever; but that upon Complaint made, by any N«ttonoieft Pei'lbn or Persons To molested, injured or trespassed upon, in open Sef-pariicuiar fion, or before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the eve.'U" Parish or Precincts where the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices in Sessions, or for such of the said Justices, to whom such Complaint shall be made, and they are hereby strictly injoined and required so to do, summarily to hear the Parties so complaining, and such Witnesses as they shall offer to produce upon'Oath, as likewise the said Truilces and the Persons so appointed by them, and their Witnessefs, and upon the whole to make such Order, either for the proceeding in the said Work, or flaying the fame, as to them shall seem meet, such Order so made to be binding upon all Parties, till the said Matter can be heard and determined in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, either by Action of Trespass to be brought by the Party so complaining or by removal of the said Proceedings, either by Certiorari at the infiance of the said Trustees, or any of them, as the case shall happen or require.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, so to be appointed by them, the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may demand, take and receive the said Toll and Duty, and have all such Remedies for the fame, as is herein before mentioned and expressed; and further, that the said Collector and Collectors, Receiver and Receivers, be, and they are hereby made liable and accountable, to the said Trustees, either according to such particular Contracts as shall be made and shall fublifl between them, or in general, for all such Sums as they shall tef-pectively receive over and above such Hire, Wages or Salary as is herein before-mentioned and provided for.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen, that any dispute shall arise between the said Trustees, and the said Receiver and Collectors or any of them, or any of their Deputies, Servants or Substitutes concerning the Sums received, or to be accounted for, or otherwise, or for or concerning any other Thing whatsoever, that the same shall be decided and determined in such Sort, Manner and Form, and such Order therein made, so to be obeyed and complied with, until the same shall be brought to a final Determination, in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, either on Removal of such Proceeding by Certiorari, or other proper Action to be brought by the Party grieved in such Manner and Form as is herein before mentioned and provided.

persons ad-

IX. And whereas, there are many Owners or Possessors of Landsjoin-ron* ing to, or upon the said Road, and near to the Ends or Limits of the tc.ft for their fame, who may be put so great Expences, were they subjected to pay tthe full Toll or Rates, not only on the necessary Occasions of fending their Cuttle of different kinds to Water or Work, but also for the Carriage of Provisions from their Grounds or Timber for the Building or repairs of their Works, be it therefore enacted, that the Trustees aforementioned or any three or more of them be impowered, to agree with the said Owners or Possessors of Land joining to or upon the said Road, or with the Attorriies or Overseers of such Owners or Possessors of the said Lands, upon such Terms as so them may appear reasonable, for yearly or half yearly Sums, to be paid to the Collector or Collectors aforesaid, towards keeping the said Road in repair, instead of the I oil or Rates before specified and expressed.

X. And be it further enacted that this A Cl, and every Part thereof shall be and remain in Force, for the Term of Fifteen Years, from the passing

thereof.

Act 3?, 33. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

thereof, and from thence to the end of the next ensuing Session of AC- 1762.

iembly, and no longer.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be Judicially D«med Pufc-taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others without fpc- 1,ck' cially pleading the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this liland, do cause this Act to be printed, and fend two Tobeprime^. Copies thereof to each of the Trustees herein before named and appointed, the Expence whereof shall be paid him by the Receiver General out

of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act to vejl a certain Parcel of Land, situate lying and being p^ *+* of in the Parish of Saint- Andrew, in the present Church-warden or Church-wardens of the Parish of Port Royal, or the 30thJul> 1?6C' Church-warden or Church-wardens of the said Parifj for the Lime being, far the Use of the l7ihabitants of the Parish of Port Royal, agreeable to the true inte?it a?id meaning of Letters Patent granted by his late Majesty Ki?ig Charles the *Second, to Joseph Hunt, his Heirs and Successors, formerly Church-war deft of the said Par if; and to enable the present Church-warden or Church-warde?is of the Parish of Port Royal, or the Church-warde?i or Church-wardens of the said Parish for the Lime beings to ??iaintain or defend a?iy Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity; for Recovery of the faJiie, or any Part or Parcel thereof \

WHEREAS his late Majesty, King Charles the Second, by his Letters Act 33.'

Patent under the Broad Seal of this Island, bearing Date the Twenty Ninth Day of September, in the Twenty Eighth Year of his Reign, did for the Considerations- therein mentioned, give and grant unto ’Joseph Hunt, the then elected Church Warden for the Parish of Port Royal, his Heirs and Successors, in Trust for the said Parish, all that Parcel of Land,

Meadow, Pasture or Wood Land, or whatsoever kind of Land the fame is, situate, lying and being in the Parish of Saint Andrew s, containing by Efti-mation Three Hundred Acres of Boggy Land, bounding East on the Salt River, South East on Charles Atkinson, Esquire; Mr. John Childermafs, and other joint Tenants, West on Rio de Cobre, North Westerly on Mr.

John Childermas Major William Parker, Mr. Benjamin Whit combe and Mr: Robert Thorneton, as by the Plat annexed to the said Letters Patent, will more fully appear, to have and to hold the Parcel of Land aforesaid.

Meadow or Pasture, and all and singular the premisses thereby granted, with their and every of their Appurtenances unto the said Joseph Hunt, his Heirs and Successors in trust as aforesaid, to the only proper Use and Behoof of the said Joseph Huntt his Heirs and Successors in Trust as aforesaid, and to and fox the Uses as aforesaid, as in and by the said Letters VOL. IL T Patent

74-

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act

n n

1762. Patent remaining on Record in the Secretary’s Office of this Ilund, it doth and will more fully and at large appear

II. And whereas the said Lands by Virtue of the Lid Letters Pa'ent vested in the said Joseph Hunt, and his Heirs and ‘‘ucce 'ors in Trull for the said Parish, and the greatest Part of the fain Lmd huh been rom the passing of the said Letters Patent in possession of the Church Waidtm of the said Parish of Port Royal in Trust for the Ulc and Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof, or in the j < ITeifion 01 some i eriun or Persons in Tiufl for them, or claiming under them.

III. And whereas, the said Joseph Hunt is 1< ng since dead, and no Heir or odicr Representative of the said Joseph Hunt, in whom the legal Title to the said Land is now veiled, is now (Jr Irom the Death of the said Jo-ftpb Hunt hath been resident in this Island, by Means whereof the Church Wardens of the said Parish of Port Royal, cannot compel a per-so mance of the Trill reposed by the said Inhabitants in the Lid jojeph Hunt, the then church Warden of the said Parish in Trull for the Use and Benefit of the Lui Inhabitants; and whereas many Tref-pali’es have been and may hereafter be committed upon trie said Land to the great detiment and lots of the said Parish and the Inhabitants thereof, who are and will be for the Reasons aforesaid under great Difficulties or entirely remediless at Law or in Equity lor want of a proper Person to maintain and defend the Right and Title to the said Land, or to recover against those who have or may hereafter commit Trespasses on the fame, and be thereby defeated of the Benefit intended to the said Inhabitants by the said Letters Patent, without the Aid and Abidance of the Legislature; for Remedy whereof, may it therefore please your Most Excellent Majesty, on the humble Petition of the Judiees, Vedrymen and Church Wardens of Port Royal, on behalf of themi Ives, as of the Inhabitants thereof, thai it n,?y be enabled, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assemb y of this your Majesty's ldand of Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Three Hundred Acre^, be the fame more or less, and all other the Premisses in the said Letters Patent herein before let forth, given and granted to the said Joseph Hunt, his Heirs and Successors in Trull for the Lid Parish of Port Royal, i e and the Lme are hereby vested in the pr eieiit Church Warden or Church Wardens of the said 1 anfh of Port Royal, or the Church Warden or Church Wardens of the Lid Parish f r the Lme being, to and for the Use of the said Parish and the T.habita its thereof, ag ce ible to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Lettei s P-ifc nt.

IV. AND.be it fu ther enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the prtf-nt Church Warden or Church Wardens of the Lid Parish of Pbrt Royaly or the \ hurch Warden or Church Wardens of the said Parish for the Time being, shall be and are hereby empowered to bring or defend any Suit or Suits in Law or Equity, relative to the Title or Possession of the Lid Lands and PiemilTe?, or to any other Matter belonging to or arising'-from the same in like manner as if the Heir or Heirs of the said Joseph' Hunt might or could do under the said Letters Patent, saving nevertheless to his most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and to all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and to all and every other Person and Persons" whomsoever, except the Heirs and Assigns of the said Joseph Hunt, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim, by, from or under him, or them, or any ol them, all Inch legal Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand, which he, they or any of them now have or may have, of, into, or out of the said Lands and Premises so as. aforesaid vested in the said

• - prefen t

75

Ac r 33, 34, 35. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

present Church Warden or Church Wardens of the said Parish of Port 1762. Royal, or the Church Warden or Church Wardens of the said Parish for the Time being, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof m anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That this Act or any Clause, Article or Thing herein contained, shall not take Place or be of any Force or Effect until the same shall have received his Majesty's Royal Approbation, any Law,

Custom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for making Free a Negro Ma7i Slave, named Jack 1763. Pearson, belonging to the Ffiate of William Rickets, Esquire> deceased.

Pifled fiift of December.

WHEREAS a Negro Man named Jack Pearson, belonging to the Act 34.

Efface of William Rickets, deceased, did, in a very particular Manner, shew his Fidelity, in discovering a dangerous Conspiracy and Rebellion, of many Slaves in the Parish of Westmoreland, in the Year of our Lord, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty, whereby many white persons Lives were saved; and did also, with great Willingness and Activity, pursue many of the said Rebellious Negroes, and did kill, and take many of the Lid Rebels, and hath not been as yet sufficiently rewarded, for such his faithful Services : May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's Island of ’Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, That the said Negro Man Slave named Jack Pearson be, and he is hereby manumized and set Free from all manner ot Slavery whatsoever j and that Malcolm Latng, Esquire,

Receiver General, or the Receiver General for the Time being, do pay to the Representative of the said William Rickets, the Sum of Sixty Pounds current Money of Jamaica, in full Satisfaction for the said Negro Man, called Jack Pearson.

I

An Act to enable the Ajfflant Judges to sign Writs, in case of-pz&& soth or D if ability or Absence of the Chief Just ice \ and for regulate ing the Admission and Co-partnerships of Attornies in this Island.

WHEREAS great Inconveniencies arise to the Suitors of this Act 35V Island, from the Chief Justice of this Island being some Times abient from Town, when Writs are necessary to be ligned : For Remedy whereof, we your Majesty's most loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of the said Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That in case of the Disability of the Chief Justice, or his being absent from Town, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Assistant Judges, who shall be in the Town of Saint peestobe paid JogQ de la Vega, to sign such Writs, paying to the said Chief Justice, all Ciuef-

the

1763*

£hnlificatio»> ro be proved.

Pdfons a» k? to the

big’ et or Sol-Iic for to tie iilmilled under Mtri&.ons.

Copartner ship

tinder certain

isftric^ions.

the Fees allowed by Law for signing the said Writs, any Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, it is absolutely Neceftary, that all prattifing Attornies and Solicitors in this Island, should be regularly educated and brought up to the Buiinels of their respective Professions; be it further enacted, That no Person shall for the future, be admitted to pradhfe as an Act.or* ney, Solicitor or Proctor, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity in this Island, unless he shall produce an Admifllon as such in some or the C our.ts in Westminster Hall, or some of the Courts of Chancery,. King’s Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer in the Kingdom of Ireland, or shall have been an articled Clerk to some sworn Att rney or Sollicitor in this Island, for the space of five Years atleaft, which said Articles shall be filed and recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, and tinlels such Person on Examination by two Barristers to be appointed by his Excellency the Chancellor or the Chancellor for the Time being, the Chief Justice of this llland, or the Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature, be certified by two such Persons to be duly qualified for such Profession.

III. And be it further < nadfed by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall have been admitted as a Writer to the Signet or Solli-citor in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland or shall have been an articled Clerk or Apprentice to such Writer to the Signet for the space of three Years at least, on producing an authentic Certificate of such Clerkship and Service, shall upon having been articled in this Iflard in Manner aforesaid, for the space of one Y>.ar, which Articles shall be recorded in like Manner, and undergoing such Examination, be in like Manner intitled to be admitted to Practice in all and every the Courts of this Island.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th t no Partnership shall be allowed between any Attornies or Solicitors, unless the Attornies or Solicitors entering into such Partnership, shall reduce their Agreement into Writing, and Sign, Seal and Deliver the Erne, and Record it in the Secretary’s Officej and such Attornies or Solicitors shall, and they are hereby obliged to Sign and Indorle the Names of all and every the Persons c ncerned in such Partneifhjp, on all Writs, Process, Proceedings, or other Business in which they are concerned, in such. manner, as the Name of the Attorney or Solicitor, is now Signed and indoried.

T {J d

November.

Act 36.

An Act for making Free a Negro Man Slave named Cato, belonging to Arthur porrefl, Rfquire,

WHEREAS some Time in the Year of our Lord, One Thoufandj Seven Hundred and Sixty, a very dangerous Conspiracy and Re* bdlion was formed, by several Slaves of this Island, to destroy the Set*?, tlements and Plantations to which: they belonged, and to murder their Mailers, MistreiTes, Overseers, and many Families of white Persons, and: a general Massacre was intended, in case the Conspirators had succeeded in their Attempts; and whereas the said Cato did give information of such Conspiracy, whereby many white Persons Lives were saved, and did also* with great WilHngness and Activity, pursue many of the said Re* bellious Negroes, and did kill, and take many of the said Rebels: In

Recompenc$

Act 36, 37.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

77

Recompence whereof, and as an encouragement to other Slaves, to behave with the fame Honesty and Fidelity on the like Occasions; may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted, by the Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's Island of "Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled by Authority of the same, That the said Negro Man Slave named Cato be, and he is hereby manumized and let Free from all manner of Tavery whatsoever; and that Alexander Brown, Esquire, Receiver General, or the Receiver General for the Time being, do pay to the said Arthur Forreji, or his Attornies in this Iflmd, the Sum of Seventy Pounds, of current Money of Jamaica, in lull satisfaction for the said Negro Man called Cato.

1764*

An Act to explain and enlarge part of an Act of the Gover- puffed igth of

A O 1 December.

nor, Council and Assembly of this Island, intitled, iC A?i

ASl to prevent the Abuses committed by entertaini?ig, cottceal-ing or carrying off any of his Majestys Soldiers, any white Men or JVomen Servants, or Slaves without Tickets, and for the better regulating Servants and deciding Differences between Ma/lers and Set'vants, and to preve?it the Sale of Arms and Cloaths by Soldiers and Defer tens,

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen, whether the Penalties and Pro- Act 37.

vilions, contained in an Act of the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, intitled, An Act to prevent the Abuses committed by entertaining, concealing, or carrying off any of his Majesty's Soldiers, a?iy white Men or Women Servants, or Slaves belonging to any of the Inhabitants v of this If and, without Tickets and for the better regulating Servants, and deciding Differences between Mafers and Servants, extend to Persons entertaining, concealing or carrying off, the Soldiers of your Majesty's Thirty Sixth and Sixty Sixth Regiments now in this Island, or the Soldiers of any other Regiments or Companies, which your Majesty in your great Wisdom, may hereafter think fit to send to this Island : For removing of all such Doubts, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That all the Penalties and Pro\ifions, contained in the herein before mentioned Act, so far as the same relate to the entertaining, concealing or carrying off any of his Majesty's Soldiers, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all and every Person or Persons, entertaining, concealing or carrying off, any Soldiers belonging to either of your Majesty's Regiments now in this Island, or to the Persons entertaining, concealing or carrying off, the Soldiers belonging to any Regiment, Company or other Corps, which your Majesty may hereafter fend here, as much and as fully, as if the fame were here particularly enumerated, expressed, and re-enacted.

II. And whereas there is Reason to believe, that divers ill-disposed Persons by Barter, Exchange or otherwise, receive from the Soldiers in this Island, Arms, Cloaths, Caps, Amunition and Furniture, belonging tayour Majesty, to the great prejudice of the Service: For Prevention ’ VOL. II. U thereof.

Act 37. 38-

78

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Penally 0:1 pm\h ifii.g bohiici s Cloaths.

1764. thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Persons diall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or otherwise receive, any/\rms, Ammunition, Cloaths, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Soldiers, Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account whatsoever, or cause the Color of such Cloaths to be changed, the Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds and upon Conviction upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, befo e any of your Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty ol Five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Pland of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Stie of the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender; the one Moiety of the said Penalty to the informer, and the residue to the Officer to whom such Soldier or Deserter did belong.

III. And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as herein is lad mentioned, shall not have Sufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon Distress may be made, to the value of the said Penalty recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within four Days after such Conviction, then and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall, and may by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the common Goal without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipt at the Discretion of such Justice.

Oil non-payment to be luinmiued to Goal.

paired ,8th of An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, intitled, An Act for

December. A

obliging the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of Saint Mary, to make good certain Deficiencies to the Public, and for altering the Day for electing Vestry-me?i a?id Church-wardens in the said Parifik, and to appoint a Day in each Teary for the choofng Vefiry-meny a?id other Parochial Officers in the said Parish.

Act 38.'XX 7 tIE RE AS by the fifth Clause of an Act, intitled. An Act for obliging the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of Saint Mary, to make good certain Deficiencies to the Public, and for altering the Day of ele bling Vejiry-men and Church-wardens in the said Parish, it is enabled, That the Freeholders of the Parin'! of Saint Mary, should meet on the fird Thursday in February in every Year, for choosing Vedry-men and other Parochial Officers, which Day by reason of the great Rains that fall in the said Paridi about that Time, is found to be very inconvenient to the Magistrates, Freeholders, and others, and therefore ought to be altered to some other Day : We therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's llland of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That so much and such part of the said above recited Clause, in the above-mentioned Abl, as relates to the Days for choosing Vedry-men, and other Parochial Officers in the said Parish of Saint Mary be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Freeholders of the Paridi of Saint Mary aforesaid, shall meet on the Second Thursday in March, in every Year, for the Purposes before-mentioned, indead of the fird Thursday in February, any Thing in the before recited Act, or

any

79

Act 38, 3g.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

any other Act, Law, Cullom or Usage, to the contrary in any wise not- 1764.

withstanding. v —

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present Church-wardens and Vestry-men in the said Parish, shall continue to act until the said second Thursday in March, which will be in the Year of our Lord, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Five, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

* .i*® @-3?

An Act to enable the Justices and V eft ry of the Parishes of Sai?it 1766.

Catherine and Saint Mary, more effect'ually to repair the Pafred ltthof Highways in the said Pari fees.

August.

WHEREAS it is found necessary to give further Power and Authority, to the Justices and Vestry of the Parishes of Saint Cathe~ rine and Saint Mary, to enable them to keep the several Highways in the said Parishes, in go d repair: We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly, of this your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby enacted by Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the jufliceS and Vestry of the Parishes of Saint Catherine and Saint Mary', from Time to Time, £nd as often as they shall think proper, to make Alotments of Cattle, Carts and Negroer, or to issue their Orders to the Chhrch-wardens; for purchasing at the Parish Charge, all such working Cattle, Carts; Crows, Pick-axes, Gun Powder and other Implements, as shall be thought necessary for making, repairing and amending the said Roads in the said Parishes, all which said Cattle, Carts, Gun Powder and other Implements shall be, and remain under the Care and Direction of the Way-wardens for the Time being, to be from Time to Time employed upon the said Highways; and if it shall happen, that the aforesaid Cattle, while they are working on the said Highways, cannot be other wise supported than by pui chafing of Grass or other Fodder, the same shall be paid for by the Church-wardens, out of the Parish Stock.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse to fend their proper Alotments of Negroes or Cattle, he, she or they shall, for every Negroe they nc-gledt to fend, forfeit the Sum of Three Shillings, and shall for all such Cattle as they refuse or neglect to fend, forfeit the Sum of Three Shillings for every Day they shall be so deficient, to be levied and applied in like manner, as the Penalties and Forfeitures under an Act, intitled. An Act for the better amending the Highways, are directed to be levied and applied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry, whenever they shall find it necessary, on any extraordinary Labour to be done on the Highways aforesaid, to hire a proper Person to attend the fame, under the direction of the Way-wardens, at the Parish Charge; provided, that the number of Negroes to be under the Care and Direction of such Person,

shall

Act 39.'

Neglect to fend Alotments, to forfeit three Shillings per Day.

Way-wardens may have a Person under them for sixty Negroes*

80 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 39.

1764. shall not be leis than Sixty ,• and that such white Person shall not be al-t 1 — -1 lowed above Seven Shillings and Six-pence per Day.

IV. And whereas the Highways are often rendered very dangerous, and sometimes unpaffibk*, occassioned chiefly by working of heavy Carriages with narrow Wheels upon the said Highways.

V. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Wain, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, for carrying any Sugar, Rum, or other Goo.'.s, (a Cart to be

drawn by a fmgle Beall excepted) shall be allowed to work, pass, or

repass, in or upon any of the Highways in the said Parishes, unless the Wheels of such Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be at least

Fellies rot leA Ten Inches broad in the Fellies of the said Wheels; and in case any t'ian ten Inches such Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall after the Time above-mentioned, be found working, passing, or re-palTing on the said Highways in the said Parishes, with Wheels of lelf r breadth in the Fellies, than what are hereby prescribed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Church-wardens, and Way-wardens of the Fid Parishes, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, to cause the same to be

Liable to be stopped, seized, taken and detained, and upon proof made on Oath

fold?13nJ of such Offence, before any Justice of the Peace of the Parish where

such Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall be worked, which said Oath, the said Justice is hereby impowered to administer; such Justice . shall condemn the said Cart, Wain, Waggon or other Carriage to fold, and the Monies arising therefrom, shall be paid to the Church-warden or Church-wardens in either of the above-mentioned Parishes, where such Wain, Cart, Waggon or Carriage shall be worked, to be laid out in the repair of the Highways of the said Parish.

r

1

Act 40.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

81

An Act to repeal iiart of an ASlintitled) An Act for the bet-

11 J . Pessed i*tl» of

ter Order and Government or Slaves; and also one other s.let, August. intitled, An Act to prevent the Inticing or Inveigling of Slaves from the PossefVors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves; a7td also part of one other AEly intitled, An Act to inflict further and other Punishments on the Transgressors of two several Acts, the one intitled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and the other nititled, An Act to prevent the Inticing and Inveigling of Slaves from the Posses-fors, and for preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves; and also one other AEl^ intitled) An Act to repeal part of an Act) intitled) An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and also ojte other AEl) intitled, An Act to prevent the Inticing or Inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for,

Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves; and also part of one other A El) intitled) An Act to inflict further and other Punishment on the Transgressors of two several Acts, the one intitled) An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; a?to the other intitled) An Act to prevent the Inticing and Inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves \and for the more effectual preveitting the inveigling) hiding) concealing) or employing the Slaves of others, and for rendering the P unish'meitt of such Offenders more certain- a?td effectual) and for the speedy a?id more effectual Punishment of Persons hid-i?tg) concealing, inveigling, detaining) knowingly harboring or cmployi?ig the Slaves of others.

w

WHEREAS by the Sixteenth Clause of an Act of the Governor,

Council and Assembly of this Island, intitled, " An Act for CT 40,

An Act for the better Order and Government, of Slaves, it is enacted, That no Person shall attempt or endeavour to'steal'or carry off this Island, hide, conceal or employ any SlWe on Penalty of One Hundred Pounds^ But whosoever VOL. II. - ' — X - - foajl

82

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 40.

1766. shall actually Steal a Slave, or deface his or their mark, rtiall be guilty of — Felony* and shall be excluded the Benefit of Clergy.

II. And whereas by the first and second Clauses of an Act of the Go-

Recited Clause repealed.

rei4aicdflaure vernor, Council and Assembly of this Island, intitled, " An Act to prevent the inticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves;" it is enabled, That no Person whatsoever shall take or detain any Negro or Slave, who hath been in the Possession of another for the space of Six Months, without due course of Law, upon Pain of forfeiting Forty Shillings to the Party aggrieved for every Day’s Detainer; and further, that upon Complaint made, upon Oath, to the Chief-Justice of this Island, or to any two Justices of the Peace, of the Detaining any Negro or Slave from such Pof-leflfors, otherwise than by due course of Law, it shall and may be lawful for the Chief Justice, or the Justices unto whom such Complaint shall be made as aforesaid, to order the .Offender or Offenders to restore the Negro Slave detained, and pay the Penalty and Forfeiture aforesaid, unco the Party grieved; and if any Person or Persons /laall reftife or neglect to comply with or perform such Order, or any Order hereafter to be made in the Grind-Court, for restoring any Negro or Slave, he, she, or/hey so refilling of neglecting the fame, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and be committed to the common Goal, until he, she, or they have fulfilled such Order, and paid the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein before mentioned.

III. And whereas, also, by the first and third Clauses of an Act of the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, intitled, An Act to in-flidt further and other Punishments on the Transgressors of two several Acts, the one intitled, " An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves," and the other intitled, " An Act to prevent the inticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves;" it is enabled, That whosoever shall hereafter, upon any Pretence whatsoever, intice, inveigle, hide, conceal or employ the Slave or Slaves of any other Person, such Person so inticing, inveigling, hiding, concealing or employing such Slave or Slaves, upon Proof of such Offence, to the satisfaction of any two of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, or of any three Justices of the Peace, who are hereby impowered to hear and determine such Offence, shall, over and above the Penalties inflicted by the said Act, suffer one Year’s Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize. And further, that the Penalty of One Hundred Pounds, imposed by the said Act, intitled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves;" upon such Person as shall attempt or endeavour to steal or carry off this Island, hide, conceal or employ any Slave, shall and may from henceforth be recovered before any two of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature aforesaid, or before any three Justices of the Peace, who are hereby empowered to hear and determine such Cause, upon such Proof as shall appear to them satisfactory.

IV. And whereas, by one other Act, intitled, An Act to repeal part of an Act, intitled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves;" and also of one other Act, intitled, " An Act to prevent the inticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves;" and also part of one other

r »U Act,

Recited Clause rtpeaied.

Act 40.

Thu LAWS of JAMAICA.

83

Act, intitled, " An Act to inflidl further and other Punishments on the 1766. Transgrellors of two several Acts, the one intitled, " An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves j" and the other intitled, An Act to prevent the-inticing and inveigling of Slaves from the Post’effors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for

Lite and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves, and for the more effectual preventing the inveigling, hiding, concealing or employing the Slaves ol others, and for rendering the Punishment of such Offenders more certain and effectualj" it isenadled, that all and every theherein before recited Clauses of the said Acts, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, and herein before recited, are repealed, annulled and made void*

V. And whereas the said last mentioned Acct hath been found nut to answer the Purpose intended, and it is become absolutely necessary that a flop should be put to such Practices for the iuture, May it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted. Be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, that the said Act, intitled, " An Act to repeal part of an Act, intitled-, " An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves,*’ and also of one other Act, intitled, " An Act to prevent the inticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves," and also part of one other Act, intitled, " /vn Act to inflidl further and other Punishments on the Transgressors of two several Acts* the one intitled, " An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves,’* and the other intitled, "An Act to prevent the intLing and inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves, and for the more effectual preventing the inveigling, hiding, concealing or employing the Slaves of others, and for rendering the Punishment of such Offenders more certain and effectualY* and all and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, as also all and every the herein before recited Clauses of the said herein before recited Acts, and every Matter and Thing be, and are hereby repealed, annulled and made void, any Thing in the said several herein before recited Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas the harbouring, concealing, employing, hiding, m-tieing and inveigling of Slaves from their proper Owners or Possessors is a very heinous Offence, and deserves the moil severe Punishments : In order, therefore to prevent such Offences for the future, and to inflidl exemplary Punishments upon such Offenders, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, whosoever shall steal, or stealing and clandestinely carry off this Island, any Slave or Slaves, the property of any flYJesofde-Person or Persons, or shall mark, or cause to be marked, any Slave or facing ma ks. Slaves, the Property of another, or deface, or cause to be defaced, his, her ma"‘e feiwny* or their Mark, and being thereof convicted, in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature, or Courts of Assize in this Island, shall suffer Death as a Felon, and shall not be allowed the Benefit of Clergy.

[Proviso.]

VII. Provided always, That no Attainder shall work any corruption of Blood, loss of Dower, or disherison of Heirs, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever shall hide, conceal, inveigle, intice, or knowingly harbour, or employ the Slave or Slaves of another, such Offender being thereof convicted, in Manner herein after-mentioned, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of

84

The' LAWS of JAMAICA.

Ac. 4.0.

F01 feit aool. and n months

ifonment for harboring n Have.

[Proviso.]

Taking slaves from Persons who have had possession for six months liable to forfeit aoc.l.

Pciibns holding slaves under lease to deliver them up at expiration of the lease or deemed an agressor against this Act.

1766. of Two Hundred Pounds, for every Negro or other Slave so inveigled, hid, *- - J concealed, enticed, harbored or employed, and shall be committed to the common Goal, without Bail or Mainprize, for a space of Time, not exceeding twelve Calendar Months, and until he, she, or they shall have paid such Fine, as he, she, or they shall be adjudged to pay.

IX. Pkovided nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that no Person shall incur any of the Pains or Penalties thereof, for hiding, concealing or employing any Slave or Slaves, which hath, or may come into his or her Possession, in a regular Manner, either b) In-heiitance or Devise, or as an Executor, Administrator, Trustee, Guardian, Attorney, or as a fair Purchaser for a valuable Consideration, nor shall such Person be liable to have such Slave or Slaves taken out of his or her possession, by any Power or Authority granted by this Act.

X. ' And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whomever shall hereafter, under color or pretence of Title, or otherwise, take or detain, out of, or from the Possession of another, any Slave or Slaves which have been in his, her or their Possession, for the space of fix {Calendar Months, without due course of Law, such Offender or Offenders being thereof convicted, in Manner herein after-mentioned, shall for every i’uch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, for every Negro so taken or detained as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who now holds, or may hold by Lease from another, any Slave or Slaves, and shall detain or employ such Slave or Slaves, after the expiration of the Term mentioned in such Lease, or if hired by parol Agreement, made in the presence of one or more Witnesses, shall detain or employ such Slave or Slaves after the Time so agreed on be expired, and shall not deliver up such Slave or Slaves, within fourteen Days after a Demand shall have been made, before one or more Witnesses, for the return of such Slave or Slaves, so leased or hired by Agreement, shall be deemed an Offender against this Act, and suffer such Pains and Penalties, as are inflicted on any Person hiding, inveigling, concealing or employing a Slave

Exception, or Slaves, the Property of another; unless it shall appear upon Oath, that such Slave or Slaves were then runaway, or had absented themselves against the will of-such Lessee, and the Oath of such Lessee shall be taken on such Proviso Occasion. Provided, he will also on Oath declare, that he will deliver up to the Lessor, such Slave or Slaves, whenever they shall be taken, and in his Custody, Power or Possession, and that he will use his endeavours to have him, her or them, taken up.

t"XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon any complaint made against such Offender, upon Affidavit to the Chief Justice, or to any of the Judges of t*he Supreme Court of Judicature, or to any Justice of the Peace of the Parish or Precinct, where such Offence shall be committed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Chief Justice, or any of the said Judges, or such Justice of the Peace, to whom such complaint shall be made, to issue his Warrant in Manner and Form, or to the Effect following

Jamaica, ff.

Form of War-

WHEREAS complaint hath bee?i made before me upon Oath, that hend Inveiglcr ' A.B. of the Parish of hath hid, concealed, inveigled\ detained,

01 slaves' knowingly harbored or employed, the Slave or Slaves following, to wit, which said Slave or Slaves is, or are the property of C.D. of the Parish of - or such as were actually in his, her, or their Possession, for the

space of I of pajl, contrary to the form of an Act of the Lieutenant

Governor, Council and Afmbly of this If and, in that Cafe made and pro-m : ' vided

Act 40.

8S

The LaVVS of JAMAICA.

videJ i These are therefore in his Majesty s Name, to charge and command 1766. you, forthwith to bring bfore me, cr any Justice of the Peace of the said Parish, the Body of the said A.B. in order to examine him, her or them, touching the Premi/jes, and that he, JJ:c, or they, may be dealt with according to Li aw; and for your Jo doing, this shall be your J'ufjiciait Warrant.

Given unacr my hand and Seal, the Day of in the Year of our Lord

Which Warrant shall he directed to the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy or Deputies, or to all and every Con liable or Constabl- s, to apprehend such Offender or Offenders, and bring him, her, or them, bcioie such Judge or Justice, and him, her or them so brought, to examine and commit to Prison, or admit to Bail, ns to such judge or Justice shall Lem requisite, until such Time as a Trial can be had upon the said Offender or Offenders, not exceeding the space of ten Days : Which recognizance so to be taken, lh:1: be in i»ann| and form, or to the JLfftct following:

Jamaica, ff

MEMORANDUM, this Day of

personally appeared before me, E F.

in the Tear 0* our Lord, Form of the

dVJ. p erf on ally appeared before me, E. F. h.Jquire, one of

A.B. of the Parish of and G. M. oj the Parish of who fve-

redly acknowledged t hemp elves bound to cur Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Succefors, in the Sum of Pounds, current Money of'fa-

maicd, each, to be levied upon their, and each of their Goods and Chattel(% Lands and Tenements, by way of Recognizance to the Life of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefors, upon Condition that the said A. B go personally be, and appear at in the Parish of on the Dry of next en-

suing the Date heres between the Hours of Eight and Eleven of the Lfck tn the Forenoon, oj the same Day, then and there to answer all such Matters and Things, as shall be objected against the said A.B. touching the hiding, concealing, inveigling, detaining knowingly, harborirg or employing, the Slave or Slaves following, to wit, the Property of C.D. or late in

the Possession of the said C.D. for the space cf at leaf, against his, her, or their Consent, and that the said A.B. do not depart thence without Leave, but take his Trial, pursuant to an AEi of the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this If and, in that Ca,e made and provided. I hen this Recognizance to be void, otherwifi, to remain infull Force. I a he a and acknowledged the Day and Tear above-written, before me.

Recognizance.

XIIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judge or Justice shall in.medi teiy upon the Commitment or Bailment of such Offender, iiue his Wair<mt, directed to the Provost VDrfhal, or his pr Deputy, or to any Constable, commanding him to sum ion Twenty-four fhaitofummoa good and lawful Frecln lders, such as are qualified by Law, to vote at Voider*. Elections of Representatives, to serve in the Assemblies of this Island, of the Parish or Precind where such Offence shall be committed, to be and appear at the usual Place of t anfading the Parochial Business, within such Parish or Precind, at a certain Day and Time, not exceeding ten Days, from the said Commitment or Bailment in the said Warrant to be expressed, then and there to form a Jury of Twelve of the said Freeh lders, so to be Ana to form* warned as aforesaid, for enquiring into the Offence complained of, and Vtell whether the Party or Parties complained of, be Guilty or not Guilty hoideu. thereof; and that no Freeholder or Freeholders bearing any Office of any kind whatsoever, shall be exempted from being warned and serving as a Juror or Jurors, for the Purposes of this Act, the Members of his Majesty's Peribnl Council, the Members of the Assembly, and the Judges of the Supreme excepted.

Y Court

I

86

Act 40.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Fo

c’ii

r.

ft

m of rirniv ttiril

ov». It 1

(!)<? to ’ e 10 the ll|M-

1766. Con t c*f Judicature for the Time being excepted; which Warrant so to be 1 — v- — J directed as aforesaid, shall be in manner and form, or to the Eifeft

following:

Jamaica, IT.

WHEREAS complaint hath been made before me upon Oath, that r' A.B. of the Parish of hath hid, concealed, inveigled, detained,

knowingly harbored or employed, the Slave or Slaves following, the Property of C.D. or late in the Possession of the said C. \J.for the space of at leaf : And whereas the said A B. hath given good and Jufjicient

Security before me, to appear and answer the said complaint on the Day of next en/uing the Date hereof, at in the paid Paris,

for the said A.B. funds committed to Goal, as the Case may require ) You, or any oj you, are hereby commanded in his Majestys Name, to jummcn Twenty-four good and lawful Freeholders of the Parish or Precinct of to be and appear at in the said Parish, f being the uj'ual Place of traif-

a cling the Parochial Bufness oj the said Parish) on the Day of

next enfiling the Date hereof, between the Flours of Eight and El even of the Clock

in the Forenoon of the Janie Day. to enquire into the Ofence complained off, and whether the said A.B. be Guilty or not Guilty thereof. You are like-wife to make a due Return of this Precept, with the Names of the jurors, being Freeholders, so warned on the Day, Dime and Place above-mentioned. Hereof fail not, as you will Answer the contrary at your Peril. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day oj' in the Year of our Lord

nru^ied(laves

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the 1°*LPph"fof said Judge or Justice, if ic shall appear to him necessary, shall also iffhe a

tm'. Warrant to apprehend arid take into Custody, the Slave or Slaves so har-

bored, inveigled, hidden, concealed, taken, detained or employed, in order to their being produced at the Time appointed by such Warrant, before the said Judge or Justices, and the said Jury; which Warrant shall be in manner and form, or to the Efredt following

Jamaica, IT.

Form of war- AF-E & E A S complaint hath been made before me upon Oath, by C. D.

> art to take up "' tpat tfje Qr ^fiVes following, to wit, have been hid,

harbored, inveigled, concealed, taken or employed, by A.B. againf the Will of the said C.D. the said Slave or Slaves, being the Property of, or in the Pqfession of the said C.D. for six Months, contrary to the form of an YEl of the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly o f this Island, in that Cafe made and provided. And whereas the said A.B. hath keen brought before me, and hath given security to appear and take his Trial j'or the said Offer ee, at in the Parish of on the Day of next en~

filing the Date hereof, between the Flours of Eight and Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, pursuant to the said Abl, (or hath been by me committed to Gcal.) These are therefore in his Majesty s Name, to reauire and command you or any of you, to apprehend and take said Slave or Slaves, named wherever such Slave or Slaves may, or fall be found, and them

Jafcly keep, so that you have them before me, and before one other of his Majesty's Jufices of the Peace, for the said Par if of to be afociated with

me for that purpose, if the Cafe fall require Jack Afociation, an the Day, and at the Time and Place above mentioned; and in order that the said Slave or Slaves may be produced to the Court and Jury, who are to try the said Matter and determine the said Complaint. Hereof fail not as you will answer to the contrary at your peril.

Given

Acr 40.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

&7

Given under my Hand and Seal, the our Lord

Day of

in the Tear of 1766.

Which Warrant shall he directed to the Provost Marshal, or his ltwful Deputy, or to any Conftubie, who is hereby directed and required to execute the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Application to the said Judge or Justice, he shall also iflfue a Warrant or Summons to bring before, such Judge or Justice, at such Time as shall be app )inted, by the said Warrant, all such Persons who can give Evidence either for or against the Party complained of; which Warrant or Summons shall be directed to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be required; which Warrant or Summon shall be in like Manner and Form, or to the Effect following

Jamaica, If.

Ty¥ THERE AS 1 am informed that you are a material Witness in a matter Form *» Aim. of Complaint, made upon Oath, by C.D. against A. B.jor his the said nion Wu,>c(re* A. B\r. biding, concealing, inveigling, detaining, knowingly harbouring, or employing the Slave or Slaves following,

the property of the said C.D. or which have been in his or her Pofession for and upwards. These are therefore in his Majesty s Name, to require and command you personally to be and appe ir at in the Parish of on the Day of next en/uing the Date hereof, before me

f and one other of his Majesty s Justices of the Peace, for the said Parish and P red nil for that purpose to be associated, if the Cafe shall require such Aj/ociation) then and there to give Evidence before the Court and Jury, who are to try the said Matter, and determine the said Complaint. Hereof fail not as you will answer the contrary at your Peril.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of in the Tear

of our Lord

Which Person so summoned and every of them, upon Proof thereof, or ;,f. made upon Oath, it shall and may be lawful for the said Judge or Justices ‘icfi^nir^'tfe to impole a Fine at their Discretion, on such Witness or Witnesses as shall , efcs not ap-not appear, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and forthwith to levy Peal,nS* the fame by Warrant, under the Hands of such Judge or Justices, by Distress or Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, or for want of sufficient Distress to attach the Body or Bodies of such Person or Persons, and him, her or them, to commit to safe Custody, there to remain until he, lbe or they shall pay and satisfy such Fine so to be imposed; which Warrant shall be directed to the said Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, or to any Con-liable, who is hereby directed and required to execute the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Pei.four ;n the Testimony of any Person or Persons, being legal Witnesses, and in Cuf- 1-is being legal t:dy of the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, shall be alledged to be ft material for either Party, upon such Complaint, it shall be lawful to and ^,t pr^e fqr the Judge or Justices, before whom the same shall have been made, trial, to direct the Provort Marshal or his lawful Deputy to produce such Person or Persons, before the Judge or Justices and jury, at the Time appointed for the Trial, there to give his, her or their Testimony.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all p,0voft-msr-such Warrants or Summonses as are directed to be executed by the Provost ^f\yarrants Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, or to the Constables, shall be returned to&c.to the the said Judge or Justices at the Time and Place mentioned, and specified oifS,

in

88

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 40.

1766.--in such Warrant duly executed by the Provost Marshal, or his lawful De-~v----- puty, or the Constable, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money

of Jamaica.

prorfo.

XVII. Provided nevertheless; That upon any teasonable Cause shewn

upon Affidavit, by either the complainant, or the Party or Parties complained of, or by forne Person or Persons in his, her or their behalf, or for .want of Jurors, it shall and may be lawful for the said Judge or Justices, from Time to Time to adjourn, not exceeding the fp3ce of five D.tys between each Adjournment, and to issue all such other Warrants or Summonses for the Witnesses and Jurors, and the Party complainedef to recommit, or to take such further Bail for his appearance, as the nature of the Cafe shall or may require, or in case through Sickness, or any other Disability of the Judge or Justice or Justices or either of them to attend, it shall and may be lawful for any other Judge or Justice or Justices, to attend in the Room of such Judge, Justice or Justices, and to proceed in the same manner as such Judge or Justices are directed by trns Wt.

One judge of

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the autV>'i7eJ to Chief Justice, or any Assistant judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature piuceut to of this istand, or any two Justices of tire Peace, shall have Power and Au-

til'll J ’

thority to proceed to Trial, and to carry this Act into Execution; and that when, and as often as any such Complaint shall be made, to any Justice of the Peace, of the Parish or Piecinct where such Offence shall be committed, such Justice shall, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, give Notice to any Justice of the Peace of such Parish and Precind, in manner and form, or to the Effect following, that is to say,

Jamaica, ft*.

Form of the

notire for af-so dating.

J/TffH E REAS complaint hath been made before me upon Oath, that the Slave or Slaves following, to wit, the Properly of »*'. D. or

which have been in his Possesson for the space of at least, hath been hid,

concealed, inveigled, harbored or employed by A.B. again/l ‘the Will and Con-fen t of him the said C.D. and contrary to the form of an Act oj the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly of this If and, in that Cafe made and provided. And whereas the said A.B. was brought before me, by Virtue of a Warrant issued under my Hand and Sealfor that Purpose, and hath found Security to appear and take his Trial for the said Ofence, f and in case he cannot give Security, to set forth, or hath been by me committed to Goal for want of fuss dent Security) at in the Parish of on the

Day of next ensuing the Date hereof, between the Hours of Eight and

Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, pursuant to the said Act. Tou are therefore hereby required to afbeiate yourself to me on the said Day of next ensuing the Date hereof, at in the Parish of in the Forenoon of the same Day; and then and there to Act

with me on the Trial of the said A.B. whether he, she or they, be Guilty or not Guilty of the said Offence, so charged upon him, her or them. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of in the Year of our Lord

P nihy on Which said Justice shall upon such Notice as aforesaid, at the time fufni^oTf.16" of Trial, associate and ad together with the said Justice, in the execu-lociate. tion of this Law, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money, upon such Justice, who shall refuse or neglect to do his Duty in the Premisses.

c<mo!aint to

XX. Provided always, That such complaint shall be made within t: mrOje with- twelve Calender months after the Offence committed, otherwise such m 12 numths* Judge or Justice shall, and may dismiss such complaint.

Acr 40.

'The LAWS of JAMAICA.

89

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it 1766.

shall and may be lawful for such Judge or Justices, to impose such Fines, 1-----

upon all and every the Jurymen, being regularly summoned to attend

at such Trial, and who do not appear, as to the said Judge or Justices to *oi. fine, shall seem reasonable, not exceeding Twenty Pounds

XXII. AiND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerh.of the Peace for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy, shall attend at such Trial, and shall prepare and draw up a Charge in Writing, in nature of an Inquisition, against such Offender or Offenders, to be exhibited before such Judge or Justices; which Charge so to be exhibited, shall be in manner and form, or to the effect following, that is to say,

Jamaica, ff.

D E it remembered that on the Day of in the Tear of porm of

our Lord at in the Parijls of before T. F. Esquire, Chars«*

Chief fudge of the Supreme Court of "Judicature, or before C.D. Esquire, one of the Affjlant Judges of the said Court, or before E. F. and G. If.

Esquires, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the Parish and Pre-cinH of in his own proper Person came Clerk of the Peace for the Parish and PrecinH of (or in case the Clerk of the Peace does not

personally attend, then the Charge is to mention, came lawful Deputy

to Clerk of the Peace of the said Parish of ) and exhibited <z

Complaint against A. B of the Parish of for hiding, concealing, inveig-ling, detaining, knowingly harbouring or employing the Slave or Slaves, to wit, the property of C.D. (or in case the Slave or Slaves should

not be his, her, or their property) which hath been in his, her, or their possession for the jpace of at leaf against the Will and Consent of the said C D. and contrary to the Form of an Act of the Lieutenant-Governor,

Council and Assembly of this Island, in that Caje made and provided. And the said Clerk of the Peace aforesaid (or in Cafe oj his Absence lawful

Deputy to Clerk of the Peace aforesaid) doth aver, that in and by the said Act, it is among Jl other Things enabled, that whosoever shall hide, conceal, inveigle, detain, knowingly harbour or employ the Slave or Slaves of any other Person or Persons, such Offenders being thereof convicted in Manner in the said Act mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit Two Hundred Pounds for every Negro or other Slave so inveigled, hid, concealed, knowingly harboured or employed, and shall be committed to Goal without Bail or Main-prize, for a space not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, and until he, Jhe9 or they shall have paid the aforesaid Pine. And the said Clerk of the Peace aforesaid (or in case of his Non-attendance the said lawful Deputy to the said Clerk of the Peace aforesaid) doth further aver, that the said A.B. did, on or about the Day of in the Year of our Lord and for a confderable or some Time before, hide, conceal, inveigle, detain, knowingly harbour or employ the said Slave or Slaves above particularly named, the property of the said C.D. (or in ccfe the Slave or Slaves should not be his or her property) which Slave or Slaves named hath or have been in the

possession of the said C.D. for upwards of before the said Day of

and against the Will and Consent of him the said C.D. and therefore the said Clerk of the Peace aforesaid, (or in Case of his Non-Attendance the said lawful Deputy to the said Clerk of the Peace

aforesaid) prays that the said A.B. may be (entenced to pay the several Fines imposed by the said Act, and that the said A.B. may be further dealt with according to the Directions of the said Act,

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clerk of the Peace, or his lawful Deputy, shall enter in his Office

VOL. II. Z upon

90

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act mo.

1766. Record, all Affidavits, Warrants, Inquisitions and Sentences, had, made, v~ — j taken, oriff'ued"by or before such Judge or justices.

XXIV. Provided always, That no Examination of Witnesse?, tiken before the Judge or Justices upon the Trial, is hereby required t? ie taken down or entered upon Record.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lid Charge being exhibited against the said Offender or Offenders in Manner aforesaid, the said Judge or Justices shall esquire by the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Ireehoiders, c! olen as herein after is di-retfted, out of the Pannel so returned as aforesaid, by the T.id Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy or ConiLble; which Oath is to be in the Words, or to- the Effect following

Ju/01 J cull;. Y"G U fie all ‘well and truly examine into, and inquire of the Matters and Things contained in the Charge nova exhibited against N.B. by Clerk of the Peace of this Parish or PrecinSl, or by his lawful Deputy, and a true Verdi hi return according to Evidence.

So help you GOD.

Which laid Oath the said Judge or Justices are hereby autl oiifed, required and impowered to administer, and all Evidences shall be openly and fairly examined upon Oath, which Oath is to be in the Words, or to the Eftldt iollowing

Evidences oath <n~3HE Evidence that you fall give to the Court and fury, from upon I his Inqucfi, no-tv to be taken again jt A.B. fall be the Trutu, to itoe btjl of your Knowledge, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth.

So help you GOD.

Which said Oath the said Judge or Justices are hereby required, au-Owimai thoriled and impowered to administes and the Owner or Owners, 1’of-mittedas wit- felfor or Possessors of such Slave or Slaves being legal Witnesses, shall be nefle-s. admitted and allowed, notwithstanding he, (he or the) prosecute, as ).ocd Evidences in all Calls under this Act, any Thing in this or any other Law to the Contrary notwithstanding. jurors not to

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the rctiuned* wh'ole of the Evidence being finished, the said Jurors shall not depart until they shall return their Inquest to the said Judge or Justices, in the Manner and Form, or to the Effect following, that is to say,

F> rm It.qui

of th fuion

A A" Inquisition had and taken the Day of in the Tear of our

s Lord before I. K. Esquire, Chief Justice of this If and, and

Chief \fudge of the Supreme Court of 'Judicature (or in case it sould be before one of the Affiant Judges of the said Court, bef ore L. M. Esquire, ore rf the Affiant Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this if and; or in case it Jhculd be before two justices of the Peace, before N. O. and P.

Ef quires, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parish and F reel nil of ) by the aths of Twelve good and lawful Freeholders

of said Parifio and Prccinhl, who being duly summoned, impannelled sworn and charged, according to the Form of an Act of the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of the If and of Jamaica, to enquire whether A.B. be guilty of hiding, concealing, inveigling, detaining, knowingly harbouring or employing the Slave or Slaves following, to wit, the property of

C.D. for in case such Slave or Slaves sould r.ot be his, her or their property, which. Slave or Slaves hath or have been in the Possefion of the said C, Di for the space of and against the Will of him the said C.

D.

Act 40.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

91

city, do say upon their Oaths aforesaid that the said A B. is it Guilty [as the Case shall bed) In Witness whereof the [aid

D. or net Gui Guilty or not

fudge or '/ujlices and jurorj have hereunto jet their Hands and heals the Day and Tear JlrJl above Written*

1766.

AOfrTnqrrft rttuin*-rf, the rt

d

Ciaua-c.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said Jurors shall have returned their Inquestas aforesaid, the said judge or Justices shall thereupon proceed (as the Case shall be) either to pronounce Sentence of Acquital, or to award the several Pains and benalties in this Act before severally mentioned and set forth; and shall also forth with cause the Slave or Slaves to be immediately delivered over to the simor si;.v< Prosecutor, or him, her, or them who shall claim the fame. Provide d u! thee" always, that the Inquest found and returned as a fore said, shall be final a,i to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may be a Bar to any other Charge that may be brought for the fame Offei.ee.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authorty aforesaid, That the Procetdines of the Judge or Justices upon this Act, shall nt t he removed by Writ of Certiorari or othervtife, until after Judgment thereon, and the commitment of the Party or Parties.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the Clerk of the Peace or h.s lawful Deputy, shall have for his and their'I rou- Pentetobc

, < r / J pnid ios. each

ble in attending the said Trial, the oum of Twenty Shillings current attend-Money of Jamaica for each Days Attendance, upon the said Trial, and ance* five Pounds for taking down and recording all the Proceedings relative to the Trial as aforesaid, and if he or they shall neglect or refuse to per- Nrg’efl of form his or their Duty in the PremifTs, he or they shall respectively for- 100!/°toileit ' feit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds current Money of Jamaica.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Inc?feof all Cafes where an acquital shall be, the Person complaining shall forthwith pay to the Defendant or Defendants the Expenses out of Purse, attending the said Trial; to be settled and afeertlined by the Judge or Justices who fat upon the said Trial, if from the Circumstances of the Cafe it shall appear fitting to the said Judge or Justices to award the fame, so as the whole of such Charges and Expences do not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds. And in case such Party or Parties complaining shall refuse or neglect to pay the Costs, so to be awarded, that then it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Judge or Justices to commit the Party or Parses, so refusing, unto G< al, without Bast or Mai <pftz^, °A'unmiVed until the said Costs shall be fully pud and satisfied B it in case of Con- toGoai. viction, the fun.-shall be paid out of the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties laid and levied by the Authority of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties, imposed by this Act (except such as are laid upon the Justices for the Neglect) shall be raised, recovered and

levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Judge or Jufli cs PmaWes re-who fat upon such Ttial, dir.died to the Provost Martha! or his lawful Deputy, or to the Constables by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and C hattles, if such can be found; and where no Distress can be found, by Imprisonment of the Offender’s Body, u*til such Fine shall be paid and satisfied; and the Money arising by such Fine or Distreis shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General, or his Deputy, by the Person levying the fame, within one Month after the fame is levied, under the Penalty of forfeiting double the Sum not paid in, deducting ordy thereout such Sum as shall be awarded to the Complainant upon such Comidion, the Costs of Trial, and Commission at Five Pounds per

Centum

acquital the Ci.rr.painant to pay th- De* fciul.int ail colls.

ri vert.' by Wurant of uiltras.

92

Act 40.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1766. Centum for levying the fame* as also the Sum of Five Pounds be allowed v — 1 and paid to the Provost Marshal’s Deputy, or to the Constable, for executing the several Warrants directed to them by Virtue of this Act. And all Fines and Forfeitures laid by this Act upon the Justices, lor their neglect of Duty, shall be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Ifl and, by any Person or Persons who will sue for the lame, wherein no Essoin, Imparlance, or Wager of Law, or Ncn vult ulterius Pi'ofequi shall be granted or allowed; the Half of such Penalties to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Hdrs and Successors, for and towards the contingent Charges of the Government of thisTfland; and the other Half to the Infoi<mer, or the Person who shall sue for the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Party aggrieved by such Offence, if he is not examined as a Witness, shall receive out of the Fines and Penalties infiided by this Act upon such Offenders, one Half of the said Penalties; and the other Half to be paid to his Majesty's Receiver-General, or his lawful Deputy, for ti e Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to support the conti; gent Charges of the Government of this Island. But in Case the Party aggrieved is examined as a Witness, or gives his Testimony, that then and in such Case the whole of the Fines and Penalties infiided by this Act upon such Offenders shall be wholly paid to his Majesty's Receiver-General, or his lawful Deputy, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, towards the support of the contingent Charges of the Government of this Island, first deduding the Charges of the Prosecution, to be settled as aforesaid, and to render the said Trial more effectual.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon such Trial, the Names of the Jurors being called over, according to the Panned, the Clerk of the Peace, or his lawful Deputy, shall tran-(bribe from the said Pannel their Names, each Name upon a seperate piece of Paper, and shall fold the fame up, and put them in a Box, to Sre oH n Prov>ded for that Purpose, from whence he shall fairly, openly, im-ballot. partially and without any Coliufion, draw a Jury of Twelve of the said Freeholders, in the nature of a Ballot, in the same Manner and Form as the fame is now practised in the Courts of Justice in that Part of Great Britain called England.

[Proviso.]

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is the true Intent land Meaning

hereof, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to annul and make void any Sentence heretofore given upon any of the Clauses of the several Acts herein before mentioned and recited, and . hereby repealed.

pioviso.

XXXV. Provided also, That all Crimes and Offences committed or

done before the passing of this Act against all or any of the Clauses in the said Act, intitled, " An Act to repeal part of an Act, intitled, "An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves;" and also of one other Act intitled, " An Act to preventthe inticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Potteffors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mort-gagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves," and also part of one other Act, intitled, " An Act to inflid further and other Punishments on the Transgressors of two several Acts, the one intitled, "An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves," and the other intitled, " An Act to prevent the inticing and inveigling of Slaves from the Pofiessors, and for preventing the Transportation of slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves, and for the more effectual preventing

Act 4.0.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. <.3

' n .1 . 1' 1 iT —

venting the inveigling, hiding, concealing or employing the Slaves of 1766.' others, and for rendering the Punishment of such Offenders more certain and effectual;" as also against all or any of the several herein bef.oie recited Clauses of the said several herein before recited Acts, shall be had, commenced, tried and prosecuted, against the Offenders in the same Manner and Form, and shall be, and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the several Penalties therein particuarly mentioned, as if the fame and every of them had been in full Force and not repealed, any Tiling herein before contained to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That To proceed t<» it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Justices, Jurors, Cldrk of the

Peace, or his lawful Deputy, the Provost Marshal and his lawful Deputy, and the Constables and all Witnesses summoned to attend by Virtue of this Act, in the several Clauses in this Act mefitioned, to do their several and respective Duties when Martial-Law shall happen to be in Force, as they might or ought to have done in Time of Common Law# any 1 aw. Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Wmrrffaprtf. the Complainant and Complainants, Defendant and Defendants, and all

a- d every Person or Persons warned to serve as Jurors, or summoned as Witnesses* by Virtue of this Act, shall be protected in their Persons from all Mesne and Judicial Prodefs in their going to; attending at, and returning front the said Trial.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Cafe Persong t-m any Perforl or Persons shall be injured of aggrieved by any falle or mali- giievc.l t>>

ci ms Prosecution, commenced or prosecuted against him, her or them, ?nth/wems by Virtue and under Colour of this Act, such Person or Persons so in- Court, jured or aggrieved, shall and may be at Liberty to bring arid prosecute an Action or Actions, upon the Cafe, in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Hland, against any Person or Persons, by whom he, she or they shall or may be so injured or aggrieved, by such false or malicious Prosecution, any Lav/, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding;

XXXIX. And whereas many Persons in this Island have been deprived of their property in Slaves, and the Posse'ffion thereof taken away by a*M C uftom which has lately prevailed of Persons inticing arid inveigling away the Slaves of others and putting them in Goal, and then issuing out Re* plevins against the Deputy-Marshal or Keeper of such Goal, and getting Judgment against such Marshal or Goal-Keeper for such Slaves, without the Master or Owner knowing any Thing of such Proceedings; for Remedy whereof, and to prevent such Practices for the future* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That all and every the Deputy-Marshals arid Goal-Keepers who shall have any Action in Replevin brought against him for any Negro or other Slaves in his Custody and not taken upon Venditioni or other Process, such Marshal or ( oal-Keeper shall under such Penalty, for every Offence, not under Five Pounds nor exceeding Fifty Pounds as shall be inflicted by the Judges of his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature or Courts of Atfize in this Island, immediately after he receives such Replevin, give Notice in the Public News-Papers of such Deputy-mar. Action, and at whole Suit, and the Name of such Negro or other Slave ^oat;sc*°^J® or Slaves, together with his, her, or their Marks, and the belt Inform- Replevin*ar« ation he can get concerning the real Owners of such Slave or Slaves, and lod&ed" shall continue such Notice for four Weeks before the Trial shall be had

upon such Replevin, or such Slave or Slaves be taken out of the Custody of mch Marshal or Goal-Keeper, the Costs of which shall be paid to such VOLMI. *' A a Marshal

94

1 he LAW

f.ich Slave or

1766. Marshal or Goal Keeper by the l'erlon who shall recover Slaves;

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act and every Matter, Clause and Thing herein con ained ftuli continue and be in Force from the passing hereof for and curing the space of Seven Years.

XLI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be printed, and three Copies thereof to be delivered to his Honor the Lieuten mt-Govemor of this Island, and one Copy thereof to each of the Members of the Cou: cil and Assembly, and two Copies to each Custos or Chief. Magistrate of the re'pedlive Parishes of this Island, the Charge of which shall be paid by the Receiver-General out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

Parted for seven Years.

To be printed.

Paired nth of An Act to veil certain Parcels of Land, fit u ate Ivin? and bcinv

August, 1766. J ’ J ' & Ok

his majesty the *n t^e P tdrish of Saint Catherine, in the Justices, Vefry-

bcrl\n>eg.em' men and Church-warden or ( burch-wardens of the said Parish, and the Justices, Leftrymen and Church-warden or

,; . 1

' . r Church-wardens of the said Parish so*~ the Line being, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Pa) fa, and to enable the present Justices, Vest ry men and Church-warden or Church wardens of the said Parish, or the Justices, Vc/hymen and Church-warden or Church-wardens for the Lime being, to tnaintain or defend any Suit or Suits at Law, or in Equity, for the recovery of the fame, or any Part or Parcel thereof and to make Leases of Part of the said Lands, for\ the Use . of the said Parish.

Act 41#WHEREAS his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his xVV Letters Patent under the Broad Seal of this Island, bearing date the Thirtieth day of November, in the Twentieth Year of his Reign, did for the Considerations therein mentioned, give and grant unto Thomas Ballard, Hender Molesworth, Edmund Duke, William Molins, John Noy and Humphry Freeman, Esquires, as Trustees for the Inhabitants of the Town of Saint Jago de la Lega, and for their Use and Benefit, all that Parcel of Savanna Land, containing Twelve Hundred and Ten Acres, situate lying and being at the Town Savai na in "'aint Catherine's *Vrish, bounding South East on John Wellin and Thomas Lily, Eastcrly on Runaway Grounds, Negro Houses, White Chappei, Sir Thomas Modyford, Major Bayly, North West on Edward Coffin, and Westerly on Sir Thomas Moayjord, Richard Hemmings and Gully, as in and by the said Letters Patent of Record in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, may appear.

II. And whereas, afterwards, that is to say, on the Thirteenth day of June, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Six Hundred and Eighty-seven, another Piece or Parcel of Land containing by estimation. Thirty four Acres, but since found upon a Re-survey to c >ntain no more than Twenty-five Acres, was patented by Fulke Roje and Thomas Ballard, Esquires, Church-wardens of the said Parish of Saint Catherine, for the felt Use and Benefit of the said Parish, which said t wo Pieces or Parcels

A of

Act 4.1.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

<?5

of Land do contain in the whole. One Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty-five Acres.

III. And whereas, the said Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Twelve

Hundred and Ten Acres, is veiled in thq said <XhQ?n<\s. Ballard., Mender Molefwqrtb, 'Edmund Duke, William Malms, "John Noy and Humphry Freeman, and their Heirs and Assigns in Trull for the said Parish; and also the said Piece or Parcel of Land, containing .Thirty-four Acres, but on a Re-survey thereof found to contain Twenty-five Acres, is vested in the said Fulke Rose and Tho?nas Ballard, Esquires, and their Heirs in Trull for the said Parish, and great part of the said Lands have been in the PoifeiTion from the paflingot the said Patents of the Justices, Veilry-men and Church-wardens of the said Parish, and others, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants thereof, or in the Possession of some Person ori Persons in Trull for them, or claiming under them.

IV. And whereas all and every of the said Patentees have been long

since dead, without Heirs or other Representativ.es in’ whom the legal Tide to the said above recited two Pieces or Parcels of Land is veiled, or are gone off this Island to Parts unknown, by means wheYeof the Justices, Vestrymen and Church-wardens of the Laid Parish of Saint Catherine cannot compel a Performance of the Iruil in them respectively reposed by the f.iid Inhabitants of the said Parish. ' . I.

V. And whereas, many Trespasses have been and may hereafter.be committed upon the said Lands to the great detriment and loss of the said Parish, and, the Inhabitants thereof, who are^an.d.m^y. befbr ithe .Reasons aforesaid, under great difficulties, and entirely remediless at Law or in Equity, for want of a proper Person to maintain and defend the Right and' Title to the said Lands/ or to recover against those who ha.ve or may hereafter commit TreipaiTes on the fame, and, be thereby defeated of the Benefit intended to the said Inhabitants .by-,the said’Letters Patent. 1

VI. And whereas, the said Lands being contiguous or adjoining to thp Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, and situated on or towards the South and Well, and No th fides thereof, were originally design.ed and intended to be and .remain as. an, open Savanna or Common to the said Town. ? 1 e

VII. And whereas; the clearing and keeping open the whole of the Lands, containing.One Thousand Two Hundred and Thirtyrfive Acres, would be , too great a Charge andr Burthen on the said Parish/'and Five Hundred Acres if properly cleared and taken care of, would be sufficient for a Common or Savanna to the said Town, and the remainder might in Time .become a considerable Advantage and Benefit to the said Parish, if the said Justices and Veilry were empowered tb lease or rent the famej For remedy therefore of the Inconveniencies aforesaid,- and for the better answering and fulfilling the intention and deilgn of granting and patenting the said Lands, May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enade.d by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said’Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, ,That the Cuilos for the Parish and Prhcind of Saint Catherine $or the Time being, and such Justices of the said Parish and Precind, as are Freeholders-of the said Pa-riih of Saint Catherine, and not otherwise, / and the Vestrymen arid Church-wardens for the Time being, and their Successors shall, and they are hereby,declared, to :be a .Body ‘incorporate , for> the‘Purposes: herein mentioned, and no further, and they-and the .Successors of the Cuilos and Justices who shall be ,Freeholders of the said Parish, and thefSuccessors of the said Vestrymen and Church-wardens or the Majority of them present, shall from s^nd after the passing of vthis Ad} when duly

summoned

Justices Vein y cl: einei a Body interpolate.

96

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

• Act i.t.

1766. summoned and met in Vestry, and not otherwise, have full Power Ji.d mJ lawful Authority from Time to Time, to demise* lease, and to farm let, any part of the said Parish lands, (except the said; ive Hundred Acres so reserved as aforesaid, or such part thereof now rema.ning as is a Common or not fenced in, and built upon or not planed om for l ots of Foot land) for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, at an Annual rent not less than Five Shillings per Acre, for all such Lots of the said Land as shall be so leased by the Acre, each lot whereof not to contain less than Five Acres; and for all such lots of the said Land ns shall be so leased by the foot, at an annual rent not less than Six Pence per foot, to be computed in the Manner as foot lands are chargeable for Quit-Rents*

Ltafes are not

to bs ulTigned to NtgrotSj&rc.

Justices and Vestry may fu* or defend suits in Law of Equity.

Rents arising to defray the contingent charge* of the Panih.

[Proviso.]

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That for the future no Lease of the said Lots or Parcels of Pen land belonging to the said Parish, shall be made, assigned over or bequeathed to any Negro, Indian or Mulatto or to their Descendants* who by the Laws of this Bland are disabled fioni voting for Vestrymen or Representatives in the Assembly, except such free Negroes, Indians or Mulattoes as are already possessed of any Lot or Parcel of Land, under or by Virtue of any Lease or other Grant from the Justices and Vestrymen of the said Parish, and their Defendants, and all such free Negroes, Indians or Mulattoes who have paid or shall hereafter pay Parochial Taxes or have served or shall hereafter fefve in the Militia of the said Parish.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Custos, Justices and Vestrymen for the Time being, and their Successors, together with the Church-warden or Church-wardens for the Time being, or the Majority of them, shall have full Power and lawful Authority by the Name of the Vestry and Church-warden or Church-wardens of the Parish of Saint Catherine, or the Majority of them, to sue and be sued, implead and may be impleaded, to answer or be answered unto, in all manner of Courts and Places that now are or shall hereafter be in this Island, in all manner of Suits whatsoever, or of what nature or kind soever, such Suits or Actions be or shall be relating to the said Parish lands, or for recovery of any debts, dues, legacies or bequests, which are or shall be due or left, or bequeathed to and for the benefit of the said Parish, in as ample a Manner and Form, and to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as any Person or Persons Bodies Politick and Corporate in the B,ealm of England, being able Persons in the Law may do.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising from the annual Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Parish land, after deducting the Charges for collecting the fame, which shall be collected by the Collecting Constable for the said Parish, and be by him paid into the Hands of the Church-warden or Church-wardens of the said Parish, for the Time being, who shall and they are hereby required to apply and dispose of the fame, as directed by the said Vestry for the Time being, for and towards discharging the contingent Charge of the said Parish, and in relief of Parochial Taxes from Year so Year.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Justices, Vestrymen and Church-wardens of the said Parish for the Time being, nor their ?ucceflors, shall not by any Means anticipate the Application of the said Rents, Ififues and Profits of the said Lands to any Use or Purpose whatsoever, nor direct Payment to be made thereout for any other Use or Purpose than for such as shall occur from Year to Year, or for any greater or larger Sum or Sums from Year to Year, than for the amount of the Rents, Issues.and Profits for one Year only.

- XII, Pro-

Act 41, 42.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

97

XII. Provided always, That this Act or any Clause, Article or 1766. Thing herein contained shall not take Place, or he of any Force or Effect until the same shall have received your Majesty's Royal Approbation! any Law, Custom or UAge to the Contrary notwithstanding.

ot

An Act to retrain the working Carriages of Burthen with- £affect

o «*" o J September*

in the ParijJjes oj Saint Dorothy and Clarendon, but with

broad TA heels on the Highways in the said Parishes.

HERE AS the Highways are often rendered very dangerous and Act 42< sometimes unpayable from Old Harbour Bay in the Parish of Faint Dorothy, through all the Roads leading to and from the different Estates in the said Parishes of Saint Dorothy and Clarendon, and the Publick Highways in the said two Parishes are likewise rendered almoll impalpable, occassioned chiefly by the working of heavy Carriages with narrow Wheels upon the said Highways; We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, mofl humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby Enacted and Ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight, no Wain,

Cart, Waggon or'other Carriage for carrying any Sugar,'Rum or any other Goods, (a’Cart to be drawn by a Angle Beast or Trucks with two.

Wheels for drawing of Timber excepted) shall be allowed to work, pass or repass in or upon any of the Highways in the said two Parishes, unless the Wheels of such Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall be at least’Nine Inches broad in the Fellies of the said Wheels, and in Cafe any such Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall after the Time above mentioned, be found working, passing or re-passing on the said Highways with Wheels of letter breadth in the Fellies than what are hereby prescribed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, and they are1 hereby authorised and im-‘ powered to cause the same to be stopped, seized, taken and detained, and upon Proof made on Oath of such Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the said Parishes, where such Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall be worked, such Justice shall condemn the said Wain,

Cart, Waggon. or other Carriage to be sold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be paid to the Church-warden or Church-.wardens of the said Parishes re'spedlively, to be laid out in the repairs of the Highways of the said Parishes respectively, which said *Oath such Justice is hereby authorized "and impowered to administer.

II. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons may use, em- Provlfr. ploy or work upon the said Highways, any Waggon or other four Wheel Carriages for Conveyance of Goods as aforesaid, the Wheels whereof shall be six Inches broad in the Fellies, and the fore axle-trees whereof shall be one foot shorter, or one foot longer than the after axle-trees of such Waggon or other four.Wheel Carriages before mentioned, any Thing in this Act to the Contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

TIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the first Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven-Hundred and Sixty-eight, no Wain, Cart, Waggoner other Carriage as aforesaid, for carrying Sugar, Rum or other Goods,

VOL. II. B b (Cart

98 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 42, 43.

1766. (Cart to be drawn by a Tingle Beall, and Timber trucks on two Wheel? v. - u is aforesaid excepted) shall be allowed to work, pass, or repass, in or upon the said Roads or Highways, unless the Wheels of such Wain, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be at least nine Inches in the Fellies of the said Wheels, and except as before provided and excepted, under the same Penalties as are before directed in this Law, against all Wains, Waggons or other Carriages as aforesaid, found working, passing or repairing in or upon the Highways aforesaid.

of Septtmbe!- -^n f9r t^>e better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several Negro-Towns, and for preventing them from purchasing of Slaves, a?id for encouraging the said Negroes to go in Pursuit of Runaway Slaves.

A _T \\ WHEREAS Disordersfrequentlyhappen in the several Negro-Towns, \ v for Want of Authority in the Chiefs or Commanding Odiceis of the Negroes to keep a proper Command over the rest, and because the White Men who reside among them are not veiled with legal Power to punish them, and it being necessary, for the retaining those Negroes in their Duty and Obedience, that an exact Discipline be observed, that all Disorders, Tumults, and Dillurbance amongst them be suppressed on their first Appearances, and the Authors and Abettors of them brought to a speedy Punishment i We your Majesty's moll Dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island ol Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it therelore enabled by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, that from and after the Palling of this Act, every Negro, being resident in, or belonging to any of the Negro-Towns, who shall disobey his Honor the Lieutenant-Governor’s Orders, or the Orders of the Commander in Chief for the Time being, or excite others to do the fame, or shall excite, cause, or join in any Disorder, Tumult, or Dillurbance, trUdTShe be tencbog to break the Peace and good Order of the said Towns, or any of Commanding them, shall fulfer such Punishment as shall be inflicted by the White Men officer, &c. residing in the Town to which the Offender belongs, and four of the Negroes of the said Town, (of which the Chief or Commanding Officer shall be one) not extending to Life.

Govemorto

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That his Honor the Lieu-fionTSiTr^al* tenant"G°vernor> or Commander in Chief for the Time being, may, by Virtue of this Act, have full Power and Authority to grant Commissions to White Men and Negroes, residing in or belonging to each of the Negro-Towns, for trying and punishing such Offenders as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Freeholders to try, as Frce-Negroes usually were tried and punished before the passing of an Act, in titled. An Act for making- Free Negroes, Indians and Mulattoes, Evidences in all Causes against one another, in all the Courts of this If and, palfed the Thirteenth Day of Augull, in the Year of Our Lord One thousand seven hundred and Forty-eight, the Negroes belonging to the said Negro-Towns, for the Crimes and Offences herein before-mentioned, and for all other Crimes and Offences whatsoever, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

Act 43.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

99

IV. Provided also, that if any of the Negroes, as aforesaid, shall.by 1766. two Justices and three Freeholders, or by the White Men and Negroes commissioned as aforesaid, be tried and acquitted of any of the Crimes

or Offences as aforesaid; such Acquital or Conviction shall be a full Bar to any other Proceedings for the fame Offence.

V. And whereas several of the Negroes belonging to ‘Trelawny and Crawjord Towns, and the other Negro-To.wns, have frequently left their several Towns and continued abfem therefrom a considerable Time, without the Leave of their Commanding Officer, or having had such Leave, have not returned back by the Time prescribed to them, but have rambled abjut in the several Parishes of this Island, and been harboured and concealed in divers Places, whereby they have had Opportunities of going among Slaves of the neighbouring Plantations, creating Factions and Dif-putes among some, and persuading and enticing others to run away from the Owners, contrary to the Articles upon which they surrendered; which practices, if not timely prevented, will not only lessen the Authority of Captain Quacoy and such others as shall by the Lieutenant-Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island be appointed to command them, but

may be attended with other ill Consequences: For prevention of which, Free Negroet be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and abating from after the passing of this Act, every Negro belonging to any of the Negro- Neg^Town* Towns aforesaid, who shall absent him or herself from the Town to sevendaysafuc which he or (lie belongs, without Leave of the Commanding Officer oneaveofab-thereof. signified iii Writing under the Hand of the white. Person re- fence, tobede-

’ O /in prived of their

tiding among them* or who having had leave mall continue absent freedom,&c. therefrom for the space of seven days after the expiration of such leave upon Complaint made to any Magistrate of the Parish where he or she happens to be at that Time, be committed to the Marshal of the Precinct, to be by him sent to any of the Public Goals of this Island, in order to be brought to Trial for such Offence, before two Justices and three Freeholders, in the fame Form and Manner as Free-Negroes usually were tried before the Palling of the said herein-before-mentioned Act; and upon Ccr.viction of the Crime aforesaid, the Justices and Freeholders, or the major Part of them, (of which one to be a Justice of the Peace) are hereby obliged and required to deprive the said Offender of his Freedom, and order him or her to be transported off this Island by the Receiver-General, cr the Receiver General for the Time being, and fold; and the Money ariffng from such Transpoi tation and Sale, to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof. And the Cling Justices, upon every such Trial, shall forthwith certify the Sentence passed upon the said Negroes, to the Lieutenant-Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island, and the same shall not be executed without his particular direction under his Hand and Seal.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That And intieing every Ftee-Negro belonging to either of the Towns aforesaid, who shall

entice, or endeavour to entice and persuade, any Slave or Slaves to run tkeir freedom, away from their several and respective Owners, and be thereof duly convicted, in Manner and Form as aforesaid, shall forfeit his or her Freedom, and be transported off this Iffand as aforesaid, and fold; and the Money ariffng from such Transportation and Sale, shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, any Law,

Custotn or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas some of the Negroes formerly in Rebellion have purchased Slaves, and it is apprehended that mere may be by them bought,

which

too

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 43, 44.

1766.

lull *«'" — I

Not allowed to purchrfe fljves, or any person in trull fin' them under penalty tool.

Encouragement for taking up nina-w»y Have*.

which may be of ill Consequence to the Island, if not prevented; Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Negro belonging to any of the Negro-Towns shall purchase or buy any Slave whatsoever, under the Penalty of forfeiting the said Slave to his Majesty : And if any Merchant, Fadlor, or any other Person whatsoever, shall fell any Slave or Slaves to any of the said Negroes, or to any other Person in Trust for, or to the Use of the aforesaid Negroes; every such Merchant, Fadlor, or other Person, shall for every Negro so fold, forfeit the Sum of One hunderd Pounds : And every Person who shall Purchase, or be concerned in the Purchase of any Slave, in Trust for any of the said Negroes belonging to the said 1 owns, shall forfeit the like Sum of One hundred Pounds; which laid Penalties, and each of them, £3?all be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or Injunction shall be granted or allowed, or Nonvultulterius ProJ'equi been teredo and one Moiety thereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges theicr f; and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer, or him or them who shall lue for the fame, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

-t

VIII. And whereas the fending out Parties of Negroes belonging to the several Negro-Towns, to scour the Woods, and take up Runaway Slaves, will be' a great Ease and Advantage to the Planters and White Inhabitants of the Island; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That-asan Encouragement to the said Parties to be diligent in the said Service, there shall be paid by the Receiver-General of this Island, or by the Commissaries appointed or to be appointed for the said Towns, to each Person who shall from Time to Time, be lent out, or appointed to go in that Service by the white Men residing in the said Towns, oneRyal per day while on actual Duty, and no longer, in lieu of the Provision made for them by an Act, intirled. An Act to encourage the Negroes in the several Negro-‘Towns to ft out Parties to reduce Rebellious and Runaway Slaves.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force from the passing hereof for the space of five Years, and no longrr.

X. And be it enacted, that this Act be read and explained every three Months, by the white Men in each of the Negro Towns, to the Negroes therein, and that a Copy of this Act be forthwith transcribed by the Sec re tan/ of this Island, and one Copy thereof be sent to each Superintendant or white Person residing in each of the said Negro Towns, the Charges whereof shall be paid him by the Receiver General or the Receiver General for the Time being, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

J

Lumber!1 of An Act for the Relief and better Regulation of the Poor, and to oblige Masters of Ships and other Vessels to indemnify the several Parishes of this If and against any Charges a?id Ex~ : pences for supporting and curing their ftcky maimed, infirm, or d fabled SeatJieti,

This Act to be read every three months by the white men residing in such Negro Towns.

Act

44" WHEREAS the maintenance of the Poor is become veryBurthen-v ▼ V *fomeand Expensive to the Parishes of Saint Catherine and King* (iony which, h^ve for several Years pafl been burthened with the Maintenance and Curing of many Poor Sick Persons that did not belong to the

n mar'il *c ra 'r' *v/jp* 7U T 1 i- 1

said

Act 44.

101

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

laid Parishes : In order therefore to relieve the said Parishes from so un- 1766.

equal a Burthen; be it enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council -----’

and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of One Hundred Pounds be annually paid by the Receiver General or the Receiver Ge. Receiver General for the Tune being, into the Hands of the Church- "oof.pe^ann. wardens of the said Parish of Saint Catherine, and the Sum of Three to Ch"rscth Hundred Pounds per Annum into the Hands of the Church-wardens of Catherine, and the 1 own and Parish of Kingston for and during the Continuance of this 3°o1- *° the

© © 111 1 Church war-

Attj out oi any Monies in his Hands unapprbpriated, to be by them the dens of King, said respective Church-wardens applied to, and for the Maintenance and fton* Curing of the aforesaid Sick and Poor Persons not belonging to the said respective Parishes; which said Monies Avail from Time to Time be accounted for by the said Church-wardens respectively, to this or any future Assembly.

II. And whereas, it hath been a Prablice with Masters of Ships, and other Vessels in the Merchants Service from Time to Time, and in different Ports and Places in this Island, unjustly and illegally to discharge, turn on Shore, and leave at the said respective P rts and Places, many poor, Ack, infirm and disabled Seamen, who ought to be taken Care of, and provided for by the said Masters of Ships and other Vessels: To remedy which Inconvenience, Be it further enacted by the Authority afore- MastersIeav<j said. That if any Mailers of any Ship or other Vessel Khali, on any Pre- ingfick faiiora tence whatsoever, put on shore, discharge or leave upon this Island, any pc‘ poor, lick, infirm or disabled Seamen, who shall become a Charge upon any Parish of this Island, within the lpace of three Months next, after the Time of their being put on Shore; he or they so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum < f Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this I Hand, by Action of Debt,

Bill; Plaint or Information, wherein no Elloign, Injunction or Wager of Law, shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius Prbfequi entered, one Moiety or half Part whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety’ of half Part thereof to the Informer, or him or them that shall Fue for the same.

III. And be it eriabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Masters of Ships a‘nd other Vessels Coming into this Island, shall, at the Time" of their Entering such Ships and Vessels, give lecUrity in the Se- And to g,vc cretary’s Office of thi$ Island, by a Clause to ke for that Purpose mferted ecur,ty’ in the Bond, they already enter into in the said Office, to inderhnify the Church-wardens of the several and respectivb Parishes of this Island, against all Charges and Expences whatsoever which they shall be at, for,

or on Account of the fiipporting and keeping, and against all Charges arid Expences of Inquests, and for burying any such poor, lick, infirm or disabled Seafneri so to be left on Shore, and becoming Burthensome to any of the Parishes of this Island; all which said Charges and Expences shall he recovered against the said Masters of Ships or other Vessels respectively, or their laid Security, by the Churcfi-wardens of the Parishes where such Expences that shall or may a be trie, before any Judge of the Grand-Court, or any two Justices of the Peace, without Appeal, and to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Judge or Justices, by Distreis and Sale of the Offenders Goods.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this in force forfe« Ash and every Clause', Matter and Thing herein* contained, shall continue ven ye3rs*

u VOL. II. C c and

102

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 44-, 4.5.

1766.

- a

Faffed 12th of September.

Act 45.

Pei suns ref-af-ing to fend their proper allotments of Negroes and Ottle, to forfeit js. per head foi each deficient.

and be in Force from the Patting thereof, for and during, and unto the full End and Term of Seven Years, and no longer, any Thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act to enable the fujlices a?:d Vejlry of Saint Thomas in the Vale more effectually to repair the Highways in the said Par if), and the Highway leading from the said Par if) to the ‘Town of Saint Jago de la Vega.

WHEREAS it is found Necettary to give further Power and Authority to the Justices and Vestry of Sair t Thctr.as in the Vale to enable them to keep the several Highways in the said Parish, and the Highway leading to the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, from the said Parish of Saint Tkojnas in the Vale in good repair,- We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Majesty's Ittand of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, Be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Ittand, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, That from and after the patting of this Add, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of Saint ’Thomas in the Vale from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think proper to make Allotments of Cattle, Carts and Negroes, or to issue their Orders to the Church-wardens for purchattng at the Parish Charge, all such working Cattle, Carts, Crows, Pick-axes, Gun-powder and other Implements as shall be thought necessary, for making, repairing and amending the several Highways in the said Parish, and that leading from the said Parish of Saint Thomas in the Vale to the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega aforesaid, all which said Cattle, Carts, Gun-powder and other Implements shall he and remain under the Care and Directon of the Way-wardens for the Time being, to be from Time to Time employed upon the said Highways, and if it shall happen that the aforesaid Cattle while they are working on the said Highways cannot be otherwise sup-ported than by purchattng of Grass or other Fodder, the same shall be paid for by the Church-wardens out of the Parish Stock.

ii. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to fend their proper Allotments of Negroes or Cattle, he, she or they shall for every Negro they neglect to fend, forfeit the Sum of Three Shillings per Day, and shall for all such Cattle as they refuse or neglect to fend, forfeit the Sum of Three Shillings per Plead, per Day, for every Day they shall be so deficient, which said Forfeitures shall be levied and applied in like manner as the Forfeitures for default of fending Workers on the Highways are recoverable, by an Act of this Ittand, intitled. An Act for the better amending the Highways.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the, Justices and Vestry whenever they shall find it necessary in any extraordinary labour to be done on the Highways, to hire a proper Person to attend the fame, under the direction of the Way-wardens at the Tarish Charge.

IV. Provided, That the number of Negroes to be under the Care and Direction of such Person shall not be less than Sixty, and that such Person shall not be allowed above Seven Shillings and Six-pence, per Day.

Act 45, 46

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

99

V. And whereas, the Highways are often rendered very dangerous, 1766. and ftmu* times unpaflable, occasioned chiefly by the working of heavy Carriages with narrow Wheels upon the said Highways.

VI. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the paiiing of this Act:, no Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage for carrying any Sugar, Rum or any other Goods shall be allowed to work, pass, 01 ie-p.tls, in or upon any of the Highways in the said Pa-

rifli, or the Highways leading to the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, to work on unless the Wheels of such Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage shall f^shthre°^h"en,' be at least Ten Inches in the Fellies of the said Wheels, and in Cafe any are 10 inches such Wain, Carr, Waggon or other Carriage shall, after the.Time above ,nthe Felhes* mentioned he found working, passing or re-passing on the said Highways in the said Parish, and the Highway leading to the said Town of Saint Ja^o lie la Vega, with Wheels oflefler breadth in the Fellies than what are hereby prescribed as aforesaid, (except any Cart drawn by one Horse,

Mule or Als only) it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Way-wardens of the said Parish, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to cause the same to be stopped, ieized, taken and detained, and upon Proof made on Oath, of such Offence, before any Justice of the Peace, of the said Parish, (which said Oath the said j u It ice is hereby impowered to administer),such Justice shall condemn the said Cart, Wain, Waggon or other Carriage to be sold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be paid to the Church-wardens, to be laid out in the repairs of the Highways of the said Parish.

An Act to limit the Duration of the federal Courts of Justice 1767. in this If an d., and to enable one Judge of the Supreme Court

7 n . - Parted lothof

of Judicature and one Jujltce of the Courts of Assize^ of the December. Counties of Surry and Cornwall to open and adjourn the said Courts respectively,

WHEREAS the long Duration of the several Courts of Justice in act 46 this Island is attended with many Inconveniencies to the Suitors,

Jurors, Witnesses and other his Majesty's Subjects.

II. And whereas, the Business transacted in the said Courts may be transacted in a much shorter Time than i9 rlow taken up by their respective settings.

III. And whereas, the limitting the Duration of the said several Courts to a certain Period will greatly tend to the dispatch of Business, and the remedying the great Inconveniencies above mentioned; May itpleafe your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Pafling this Act, the Supreme Court of Judicature of this your MaJ jesty’s Ilhnd A Jamaica, shall meet Quarterly at the Days already by Law appointed, and.may'continue setting until the Saturday in the third Week Court, after such their Meeting inclusive, and no longer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Idem Af-Conrt of Assize for the County of Surry in this your Majesty's Island, and foeCourts. the Court of Assize for the County of Cornwall in this your Majesty’s

Island,

Act 46, 47.

104 The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1767. Island, shall severally meet Quarterly at the days by Law appointed, and

-~v--' may continue letting until the Saturday in the second Week after such

their respective Meetings inclusive, and no longer.

Proviso, y Provided, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or

be construed to extend, to restrain the Judges and Justices of the said Courts respectively, from adjourning over the said Courts before the Day or Days herein limitted for the Duration thereof, if the Business of such Courts shall be finished before that Time. . onejuJ-cof

VI. And whereas, an Inconvenience hath been found by Reason of the supreme the Number of Judges in the Supreme Court of Judicature, and Justices one just-ice <.-f of Assize in the Courts of Aftlze required to be present in the Supreme Courts^oKn ^ourt a°d Courts of Assize respectively, not only todifpatcli the Business and adjourn of the Suitors of the said Courts, but also to open and adjourn the said thcsaidCouits. courts when Inclemency of the Weather or other Accidents prevents such dispatch of Business, for Remedy thereof; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Faffing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one Judge of the said Supreme Court, and one Justice of Assize of the Assize Courts of the Counties of Surry and Cornwall respectively, to open and adjourn the said Courts, and such opening and adjournment by one Judge or Justice shall be deemed as good and lawful as if the fame had been made by three Judges of the Supreme Court, or three Justices of Assize.

Ine!i‘ce seven

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act and every Clause, Matter and Thing herein contained, shall continue and bd in Force from the Pafling hereof, for and during the Term of Seven Years, and no longer.

DcSnibJ^ of AH to vefl a cert am Piece or Parcel of Panel, in the Parish of Saint Dorothy in Trustees, for the TJfe of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and for vesting a certain Piece of Foot-land in John Spencer, and to impower the Justices and Vftry of the said Parish of Sai?it Dorothy to raise a Pax upon the bihabitaiits of the said Parifo, for certai?i Purposes.

WHEREAS the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of, Saint Do* rothy's, did heretofore purchase a certain Piece or Parcel of Lind at or near Old Harbour Bay in the said Parish, containing Sixteen Acres more or less, oil which a Dwelling House and other Houses were erected and built, of and from Daniel Moore, Richard Watt and Thomas Glough, for and in Consideration of the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, raised on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, with an Intent that the fame should be and remain for the Use of the said Parish, to be by them appropriated as a Barrack for Soldiers, or such other Purposes as the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish should think proper, in Consequence whereof the said Dibit el Moore, Richard Watt and Thomas Glough, of the Parish of King-ston in the County of Surry, Merchants, did by any Indenture of Bargain and Sale, bearing date the First day of November, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-one, convey the fame unto Richard Lewing and Matthew Halftcadi of the Parish of Saint Dorothy's, in the County of Middlesex. Merchants, then Church-wardens of the said Parish of Saint Dorothy's, which said Piece, or Parcel of Land became vested in the said Daniel

Act 47. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 105

nicl Moore, Richard Watt and 'Thomas Glough, by virtue of a Deed of 1767.

Conveyance made to them by Andrew Elrick and Mary his Wife, bearing '----- — J

date the Fifth day of Aprtl, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty.

II. And whereas, some Doubts have arisen and others may hereafter arise in regard to the luthciency of the Conveyance aforesaid, made to Richard Lewing and Matthew Haljlead, Church-wardens of the Parish of Saint Dorothy's how tar the fame may convey a property in the PremifTes to the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Dorothy’s, for Prevention whereof; your most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lieutenant-Governor,

Council and Assembly of this your I Hand of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council and Assembly, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing this Act, the said Piece or Parcel of Land with the Erections and Buildings thereon, containing by Estimation Sixteen Acres, more or less, so purchased as aforesaid be, and the fame is hereby velded in George Benner, John M'Leod, Premires vest Thomas Brooks, Richard Tewing and James Prevojl, Esquires, their Heirs edin Trustees. or AlTigns lor ever, upon the especial Trust and Confidence, nevertheless,

and to the Intent and Purpose that the said George Bonner, John MlLeod,

Thomas Brooks, Richard Lewing and James Prevojl, shall hold the fame,

for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and that they or any

three of them, shall from Time to Time permit and fuft'er the Justices and

Vestry or the Major part them, to appropriate the said Land and Building or any part thereof, to such Uses and Purposes as they shall think proper,

and in Case the said Justices and Vestry or Major part of them, shall think it necessary that the fame or any Part thereof should be fold, that

then the said George Bonner, John M(Leod, Thomas Brooks, Richard Lew- Trustees ;m.

ing and James Prevojl, or any three of them, are hereby impowered by powered to feU

one or more Deed or Deeds of Conveyance or Conveyances or other AlTur"

ances in the Law, dulyfealed and delivered by them, or any three of them, ab«

folutely to Grant, Bargain, Sell, Convey and Confirm, all or any partof the said Piece or Parcel of Land and Premises as aforesaid, hereby vested in them,

their Heirs and Assigns, with their and every of their Rights, Members

and Appurtenances, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, unto

one or more Purchaser or Purchasers for the bell Price or Prices that can

be had or gotten for the fame, and to the Intent that such Person or Persons who shall or may become Purchaser or Purchasers of all or any part

of the said Piece of Land and PremifTes with the Appurtenances, which the said George Bonner, John M'Leod, Thomas Brooks, Richard Lewing

and James Prevojl, or any three of them, are hereby enabled, authorized

and impowered to Grant, Bargain, Sell or Convey as aforesaid, and the

Heirs or Assigns of such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, shall and

may securely hold and enjoy all or any part of the said Piece or Parcel of

Land and Premises, with the Appurtenances, which he, she or they shall

so Purchase under and by Virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Receipt or Receipts which shall be given by the said George Bonner, John M‘Leod, Thomas Brooks, Richard Lewing and James Pre~ vojl, or any three of them, for the Sale or Sales of all or any part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land and Premises so as aforesaid vested in them, to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the Purchase Money, shall be paid for the same or any Part thereof, shall be good and sufficient Discharges both in Law and Equity to such Purchaser and Purchasers of the fame, and that such Purchaser or Purchasers may enjoy the fame in Fee Simple> saving to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

VOL. II. D d and

io6

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act

47*

1767. and 10 all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and to their respective Succef-

c — *----- for?, and to all and every other Person or Persons whail'oever, his and

their Heirs except the above named Andrew Elrich, Daniel Moore, Richard Watt and ’Thomas Glough, and Richard Lewing and Matthew Haljiead, and their Successors, Church-wardens as aforesaid, all such Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, in or to th-3 said Land herein directed to be sold, or any part thereof as they or any of th em had, either in Law or Equity at the Time of making t is Act, or might or could have so had kf this Act hid never beet) made.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said George Bonner, "John M'Leed Thomas Brooks, Richard Lowing and "fames

putcf-.sfe tnc- PrcvoJl> or any of them, shall within Ten Day; after the Rec ipt of ..p/ pev to he pnid of the I urchafe Money lor any Sale made uinier this A cl, on over the Ivaldeii^'ode-Lme into the Hands of the then Church-wardens of the Panlh of Saint fr?y contiii- Dorothy's for the Use of the said Parish, under the Penalty o‘ forfeit ng mrment. ’ double the Sum wh.ch they or ally of them shall so receive anc ju t pay over, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Recoids in t ,is Wand, by Bill, Plaint or Information, by any Person who (h fl Re for the lame, the one Moie.y to his Majesty, his Heirs and bucceifo s, Poland towards the support of the Government of this 1(1,ind, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to the Church-warcem of the Parish of Saint Dorothy's, for the Use of the said Parish; wher in no Essoign, Protection, \V ager of Law, Non vult ulterius ProfeqiA shall be granted or allowed, any Law, Custom or Usage to the Centra y in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas, by a Clause in an Act, in titled. An Act for hying a Duty on all Wines, Rum and spiritous Liquors retailed within this Island, and for laying a further Tax on Licences to be granted, for the retailing of Wine and other spiritous Liquors, and for laying a Tax on Supercargoes, and on Public Offices, and applying the same to several U/esj palfed in the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Sixty •three, it is enabled.

Edited clause. <fhat the Commissioners appointed for carrying on the Publick Buildings in the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega be, and they are hereby empowered to fell a certain piece of Foot Land near the South end of the King s Hovfe, binding on the street leading from the Parade by the Kings Stabl's to the Houjc of Stephen Richard Redwood, hfquire, to Mr. John Spencer for such Sum of Money as they jkall think the same to be w^rth.

Land vest< d in

VI. And whereas, by virtue of the said Clause, the said John Spencer joim sptncei. jia(j Posseflio.i of t >e said Land, and has been at so.ne Expence in ereciing and building Out-houses and other Buildings on said Land, notwithstanding which Premises the said John Spencer hath no leg.l Title to the said Land, the said Law impowering the said Commissioners to grant the same to him having expired without any Title, being by them executed to him for the fame; Be it therefore enacted, That the said John Spencer and his Heirs and Assigns, upon paying what the same shall be valued at, do held the said piece of Foot Land, bounding south westerly fourteen feet on a Street leading to the Barracks, north westerly sixty feet on the Lane Riding by the Horse Stables of the King’s House, north easterly fourteen feet on the Land whereon are Buildings lately belonging to Francis Mailee, deceased, and south easterly on the Land and Buildings of the said John Spencer to him and them, and his and their Heirs and Assigns for ever.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is the Intehtion of this Act, that nothing herein contained shall in any ways aftebt the Right of any Person

or

toviso.

Act 47, 48. Y he LAWS ot JAMAICA.

_ < i.

or Persons who shall claim any legal or equitable Right or Title of, in, or to the Lid Land and Premises.

Vi 11 Am) be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the t untonmenc of the Officers and Soldiers in the Houses at Old ihirkinr aforesaid, that the justices and Vestry be empowered to raile a Tax upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, not to exceed the Sum of One Hu tubed Pounds annually for the repairs of the Barracks, and sup-plying the Officers and Soldiers with Water, and providing Lodgings for thj Officers.

-V// si cl for ?nahi?:gfree and rewarding two Negro Men Slaves the one ;named York belo?tgi?ig to the Estate of Ballard Beck-fortl, deceased, and the other named Cuffee belonging to James Charles Sholto Douglas, Esquire, and for paying to

their Owners their respective allies.

¥4 j IIEREAS a horrid Conspiracy was formed in the Year One Thou-V v land Seven Hundred and Sixty-five, in the Parish of Saint Mary, by fun dry Coromantee and other Slaves, to destroy the Settlements and P.notations to which they belonged, and to inalfacre their Matters, Owners Overse rs and other white People, in Consequence of which Conspi-raev an Insurrection did adtully break out at Whitehall Plantation, and there is room to apprehend that a general Revolt of the Slaves and matta-ere might have happened in the Island if the Conspirators had succeeded in their first Attempts.

H. And whereas, a Negro Man named Tori belonging to the Ettats of Ballai d Beckford, Esquire, deceased, was particul irly active andinftru-mental in laving the Life of his Mistress at the first breaking out of the said Insurrection, and oneother negro Man named Cujfce belonging to Janes Charles Sholto Douglas, Esquire, did voluntarily make an ample D.fcovery of the said Conspiracy, whereby the Life of his said Mailer, and the Lives of several of the white Inhabitants of the said Parish were saved, from M.ifTacre and the Execution of the wicked Purposes of the Conspirators was most happily prevented; May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Islandj and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same. The said Negro Men Slaves named York and Cuffee, be immediately from and after the passing of this Act, manumized and sett free from all manner of Slavery whatsoever, and that Alexander Brown, Esquire, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, do annually on the first day of January pay to each of the said Negro Men the Sum of Five Pounds each, during their respective Lives, and that the said Alexander Brown, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, do also pay to the Order of the Representative of the said Ballard Beckjord, deceased, the Sum of One Hundred and Forty Pounds, in full Satisfaction for the said Negro named York, and likewise to the Order of the said James Charles Sholto Douglas, the Sum of Eighty Pounds, in full Satisfaction for the said Negro Man named Cuffee, out of any Monies in the Llands of the said Receiver-General, or of the Receiver General for the 'Lime being, unappropriated.

An

j o~

17b?.

*" J

70x of tool,

I d on (U« PulllU.

Paled nft of December,

Act 480

io8

>767-

- J

21 ft c December.

Act 49

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 49.

An Act to vacate and make void an Agreement made between the Honourable Charles Price, the Rider, Bfquire, and the Commissictiers appointed by an Act, inti tied, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain lolls to keep the Ferry, and to ere6fc Toll G ates or Turnpikes on the several Roads leading from Saint Jago de la Vega to Passage Fort in the Parish of Saint Catherine, and to the extreme part of Water-House Savanna nearest to Halfway Tree in the Parish of Saint Andrew, for repairing and keeping in repair the said Roads, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and to repeal such part of said Act as relates thereto, and to oblige the Parishes of Saint Catherine and Saint Thomas in the Vale, to lay a Tax upon toe Inhabitants of the said Parishes, for raifng the Sum of Seven Flundred Pounds, to be paid into the Treasury, to make good, so much Motley ordered to be paid to the said Charles Price, the Flder, Ffqitire.

WHEREAS by an Act of the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, passed in the Month of February, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-two, intitled, An Act for vefing in Trustees certain Tolls to keep the Ferry, and to erebl Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the several Roads leading from Saint Jago de la Vega to Passage Fort in the Parish of Saint Catherine, and to the extreme part of Water- House Savannah nearef to Halfway Tree in the Parish of Saint Andrew, J'or repairing and keeping in repair the said Roads, and other Purposes therein mentioned; It is amongst other Things thereby enacted, That in order to keep the Roads in good order and repair certain Tolls sould be vefed in Trustees therein named, and Toll Gates or Turnpikes sould be erected and Jet up in the several Roads leading from the a Town of Saint Jago de la Vega in the Parish of Saint Catherine to P adage Fort, and from the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega to the River Rio Cobre, near said place called the Farm in the said Parish, with powers for the said Trustees to agree and contrast with any Person or Persons to carry that part of said Law into Execution.

II. And whereas, the Honourable Charles Price, the Elder, Esquire, did contral with the said Trustees for the repairing and keeping in repair such parts of the said Roads as leads from the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega to Paftdge Fort in the Parish of Saint Catherine, and from the said Road to the said River Rio Cobre near the Farm belonging to the said Charles Price, in Consideration whereof, the said Charles Price was to .receive the Duties or Tolls to be paid at the Turnpikes or Toll Gates so so be ercled in Pursuance of the said Act.

TIL And whereas, it was found that in case the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes were set up and the said Duties exaled, that the fame would bd a heavy Burthen on his Majesty's Subjects travelling or making use of the said Roads.

IV. And whereas, the said Charles Price notwithstanding he has been at.great Trouble, Labour and Expence, in mending and repairing said ' *" - . Roads,

Act 49. The LAWS of JAMAICA. . - 109

Roads, never erected or set up such Toll Gates or Turnpikes, or exacted 1.767.

any of the Duties or Tolls by said Act established, but has altogether de- 1 — >->

dined so to do. And he the said Charles Price notwithstanding his Contract with the Trustees under said Act, in order to discharge the several Inhabitants of this Island from so heavy a Burthen, and to prevent his HeirsorExecutors from taking any Benefit or Advantage under the said Act, or from the Grant of Did Turnpike to him as aforesaid, hath of his own free Will consented to have such Part of the said Act as relates to the said Roads repealed. And that the Grant of the said Tolls or Turnpikes so as aforesaid granted to him by laid Trustees, should be made null and void, in Consideration of which he is to receive the Sum of Seven Hundred Pounds from the Public!; Funds as a Satisfsflion ior the Labour he has bestowed, and the Expences he has been at in making and repairing the said Roads We therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject?, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of ^Jamaica, most humbly be-r feech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted and ordained by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contrafts en-AH Contra^ tered into by the said Charles Price by Virtue of the said Law with any of ^itjrQ-J1']ycsthe the Trustees therein named, and all Grants to him made by Virtue of said Price made Law be, and the fame is and are hereby declared null and void to all In-V01d’ tents and Purposes. And the said Charles Price, and his Heirs are hereby indemnified from all Actions and Suits, which by any Ways or Means by Virtue of the said recited Law might be had or prosecuted against him or them, and that in as full and ample a Manner as if no Grant had ever been to him made, nor any Contract or Agreement by him entered into.

V. And whereas, the said Sum of Seven Hundred Pounds ought to be repaid the Publick by a Tax to be laid, levied and raided upon the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Saint Catherine and Saint Thomas in the Vale,

who appear to be most materially interested in the repealing the said Act, Paired by the one third Part of which said Smn of Money should be raised and paid by s"hcbjtheWne°f the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Catherine, the fame bearing an equal and st. Tho-Proportion to their Interest in the Premisses, and the other two third Parts masinthe v*Je of said Sum of Money should be raised and paid by the Parish of Saint Thomas in the Valet the Advantage accruing from the repeal of that part of said Act to the said Parish being equal thereto, and which they have consented to pay.

VI. Be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Justices and Vestrymen for the Parish of Saint Catherine be, and they are hereby authorized, impowered and obliged to lay a Tax upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Catherine, for the railing the Sum of Two Hundred T ».

t 1 ' , #1V o Inhabitants of

and Thirty-three rounds. Six Shillings and Eight Fence, being one st. Catherine third Part of the said Sum of Seven Hundred Pounds, and that the Ju- *°™re6s< gd-ftices and Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Thomas in the Vale be, and they are hereby authorized, impowered and obliged to lay a Tax upon Thomas the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Thomas in the Vale, for the railing Vale to raise the Sum of Four Hundred and Sixty-six Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and 466l> I3S,4d* Four Pence, being the remaining two third Parts of the said Sum of Seven Hundred Pounds, which several Sums of Money the Justices and Vestry* men in the said Parish of Saint Catherine and Saint Thomas in the Vale respectively, are to assess, c.olle& and levy in such Manner as the Parochial Taxes are now raised, assessed, collected and levied in the said Parishes.

VOL. II. E e VII. Pro-

I IO

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 49, 50.

1767.

U----- J

Money to lie p Tl to the Receiver Gt-nei «1

Passed 2'ft of December.

Act 50.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That r.o Part of the said Tax shall be levied or raised upon the said Charles Price, or any Negroes, Cattle or Stock belonging to him, in either of the said Parishes.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Indices and Vestry of each of the said Parishes, shall immediately after the Money shall be collected as aforesaid, and on or before the firftDay of dlober, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight, pay the same to Alexander Brown, Esquire, Receiver-General or to the Receiver-General for the Time being, for the Use of the Publick.

Ain A81 for veflhtg certain Lands cuid Premises in the Parish of Clarendon in Lrustees, to be by them Leased or Sold} for the Use of the said Pciriflo.

WPIEREAS by a certain Indenture, bearing Date the Twenty-eighth Day of fitly, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-six, made or mentioned, to be made between Alexander Mackey, Rector of the Parish of Saint David in the said Island of the one part, the Honorable Thomas Fearon, of the Parish of Clarendon, Henry Dawkins, of the said Parish, Esquire, Edward Reading, of the said Parish, Clerk, George Mackenzie and Arthur Mackenzie, of the same Parish, Esquires, ot the other Part, after reciting, " That whereas the said Alexander Mackey was then in Possession of a certain Piece or Parcel Land, containing three Acres, situate in the Old Woman Savannah, in the Parish of Clarendon aforesaid, and which had been conveyed to the said Alexander Mac-key by the said George Mackenzie and Arthur Mackenzie, and that the said Alexander Mackey was then by Publick Subscription erecting and building on some part of the said Land, several Buildings and Apartments wherein he intended to keep an Academy or Publick School, for the Encouragement of Learning, and for the better intruding the Youth of this Island, he the said Alexander Mackey for the ConfHerations therein mentioned, did Grant, Bargain, Sell, Release and Confirm unt > the fnd Thomas Fearon, Henry Dawkins, Edward Reading, George Mackenzie and ’ Arthur Mackenzie, and their lawful Heirs, all that the aforesaid Piece or J Parcel of Land with the Houses, Out-houses and Buildings thereon erected and built, or which should at any Time hereafter be erected and built by Contribution or Subscription on any Part of the said Land and Premisses j also all the Estate, Bight, Title and InD rest whatsoever of him the said Alexander Mackey of, in, or to the said Land, Houses, Buildings, Tenements and Premisses with the Appurtenances; to hold the said Piece or Parcel of Land and Premisses aforesaid, with their and every of their Appurtenances; and also all and every other the Houses and Buildings that might at any rime thereafter be erected or built by Contribution or Sub-lcription on the said Land and Premisses, or any Part thereof, unto them the said Thomas Fearon, Henry Dawkins, Edward Reading, George Mackenzie and Arthur Mackenzie, and to their Heirs lawfully begotten from the Day of the Date thereof, for and during, and unto the full End and' Term of Five Hundred Yews from thence next ensuing, and fully to be compleated and ended upon the several Trusts, Intents and Purposes therein mentioned; that is to say, that they the said Thomas Fearon, Henry Dawkins, Edward Reading, George Mackenzie and Arthur Mackenzie, or their lawful Heirs conjundly and ieverally should permit and suffer the said Alexander Mackey at all Times thereafter to enter upon the said Land, Houses,

Buildings

Act 50.

in

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Buildings, Tenements and Premisses, and thereon to hold a Publick 1767.

School or Academy for the Education of the Youths of this Island, without '- —

any let or hindrance of them, or either of them, or their Heirs; to hold Aiex.Mackay Possession of the fame during his natural Life. Provided, that the said Alex- said

under Mackey during that Term did continue to reiide on the Premises and during life, carry on a Publick School or Academy for the Education of Youth, and that in case of the Death of the said Alexander Mackey, or his leaving this Idand, that then the said Trustees or their lawful Heirs should appoint and make choice of some other Person for to officiate as Maher of the said School or Academy, and for carrying on the fame in like manner for the Purposes aforesaid."

II. And whereas, the said Alexander Mackey is since dead, and the said Place is by Experience found to be an improper iituation for an Academy, and the Houses, Buildings and Premises being out of repair and in bad order are become deserted, and the fame is going to destruction and ruin, and in case the fame is not inhabited and kept up, and in good repair, the fame may become a hiding Place for Rebellious and Runaway Negroes; which mu ft tend to the great hurt and prejudice of the said Parish, and to the Inhabitants of this Island in general; in order to prevent such Inconveniencies, and in order to make the fame of some Ule to the said Parish, it is Neceftary to vest the fame in Trustees, to be by them fold or otherways disposed of, for the Use, Benefit and Advantage of the said Parish, as the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish shall direct, which cannot be done without the Assistance of the Legislature, by passing a Law for that Purpose; We therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Aflenibly of this your Majesty's Island of ’Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted t^f.ed m fruf* by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing hereof, the said Land, House, Tenements, Buildings and Premisses herein before' mentioned, with the Appurtenances and every Part thereof shall be vested in Nicholas Bourke, Edward Long, James Rodon and John Shickle,

Esquires, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and in the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivors for and during the remainder of the said Term of Five Hundred Years, and that Free and Clear, and Freely and Clearly acquitted from all Claims, Rights and Demands of the Heirs of the said Alexander Mackey, and of all other Person or Persons claiming by, from or under him, for and during the remainder of the said Term by any ways or means soever.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall make void or any wife impeach the Right, Title or Interest of any other Person or Persons whatsoever lawfully claiming any Estate, Right, Title or Interest of, in or to the said Premisses or any Part thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees hereby named, or any two of them, shall and they are hereby fully empowered and authorized to lease out, or to Grant, Bargain or Sell the Trustees im-said Lands and Premisses herein before mentioned, for and during the re- f^fa’id^ands11 miainder of the Term aforesaid, for the sole Use and Benefit of the said Pa- for the remain-riffi of Clare?idon, as the said Justices and Vestry of the said Parish shall dercftheteim* direct, either in the whole, or in such Parts, Shares and Proportions as

the said Trustees, or any two of them shall think fit.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees,

and they or any two of them, are hereby fully impowered and authorized to make, do and execute, any Deed or Deeds for the Purpose ' in this Act mentioned, as shall and may be necessary for the carrying the fame into full and compleat Execution agreeable to the true intention thereof. V. And

112

Act 50, ri.

The LAWS of UMAlcA,

1767.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail bum

1 — -' and Sums of Money that shall be received by the said Trustees, or any of

Monies re. them, by Virtue of this Act, shall be by them, or any two of them, ap-'nvteesyto he P^e<^» laid out and expended in the Purchnfing other Land, and in erect-iaidcutinpnr. ing other Buildings in the said Parish of Clarendon for a School-House, Lal!d,":inJc' L°r the Education cf Youth, and till such Purchasesrs made, the said Truf-!'eflinK tees are hereby obliged and required to pay over the Purchase Money into school°house. the Receiver-General's Office, there to remain till the Justices and V-ftry of said Parish shall demand the fame, for the Purchasing Lands and erecting a Houseas aforesaid, for the Use of a School, as to the Justice and Vestry-men of the said Parish, for the Time being, shall direct for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Parish.

PaficJ 23.I of Dtccm’je

An Act for Building a Bridge over the Rio Cobre.

CT ^1' XJU JI^REASthe buildinga Bridge over the River, called the Rio Cobre, V? from some convenient Place near the Town of Saint Jago dc la Vega in the Parish of Saint Catherine, to the opposite Shove in the said a-rifli, would be of great Utility and Advantage, not only to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, but to many others of his Majesty's Subjects, and to the Publick in General; therefore, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and.Af-lenibly of this your Majesty's I Hand of Jamaica, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honorable William Nedham, Esquire, the Speaker of pcinf/dtorpi11 ^le Assembly, or the Speaker of the Assembly for the Time being, Charles ting this Act Price, the elder, John Ellis, James Lewis, Hampfon Thomas, th Honor-m execution. abie Jj3omas Beach, Thomas Gordon, Edward Long, Bryan Edwards, H il-liam Jackson, Thomas Fearon, John M‘Leod, Thomas Brooks, Rnhard Lewing, Robert Cooper Lee, Scudamore Winde, Charles White, John Howell and Cheney Hamilton, Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for puting this Act in Execution, and the said Trustees hereby appointed, or that shall hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any seven or more of them shall, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for puting this Act in Execution, and the said Trustees hereby appointed, or that shall hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to design, direct, order and build a Bridge cross the River called Rio Cobre, near the Negro-Houses on the Pen of Thomas Gordon, Esquire, on the south westerly side o^the Rio Cobre, near the faii Town of Saint Jag° cte la Vega, or at some other convenient Place near to the said Place, unto the opposite Shore in the said Parish as aforesaid, and that the said Bridge, when built, shall be a Free and Publick Passage for all and every Person or Persons, and his and their Carriages, Cattle, Goods and Effects without paying any Toll or Duty whatsoever for the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said L7Xpmons Trustees hereby appointed, or that shall hereafter be appointed by Virtue of rrh-ryin* this Act, or any leven or more of them be, and they are hereby authorized

and empowered within the space of Sixty Days next after the passing of this Act, to view the Lands joining on the said River near the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega, at or near the said Place, and to assign and lay out the Place from whence to build the said Bridge unto the opposite Shore, and in what M inner the said Bridge shall be erected and built, and the Ways, Streets and Passages to and from the same, made, widened and enlarged.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and / for the said Trustees hereby appointed, or that shall hereafter be appointed

by

Act 51. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 113

by Virtue of this Act, or any seven or more of them, to agree with the 1767. Owners or Occupiers of, and other Persons interested in any Lands or Grounds they shall judge fit to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, or purchase the fame for such reasonable Price and Consideration, as between them and the Paid Owners or Occupiers of, and other Persons interested in the fame fh.dl be agreed upon, and by and out of the Monies to becolledted or received by them in Manner herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Property of the and Property of the said Bridge to be built by ^Virtue of this Act, shall be ?r'^ed vested in the find Trustees hereby appointed, or that shall be appointed to

put this Act in Execution, and they or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions, and also to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall wilfully and maliciouliy blow up, pull down or destroy the Paid Bridge, or any Part thereof, and the Offender or Offenders being lawfully convicted of such Offence, shall be adjudged Guilty of Felony, and shall fuflfer Death as a Felon.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said TrusteesaP. Trustees appointed, or to be appointed to put this Act in Execution, or p°ir>ted l°em-

_ r , _ f,r . , r - r - ploy and fix on

any seven or more or them, shall within Sixty Days after the passing hereof plans for meet at the Court House in the Town of Saint "Jago de la Vega, between Buildlns* the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock, in the Forenoon; Public Notice being first given in any of the News-Papers of the Day, appointed Fourteen Days at least before such intended Meeting, in order to receive Proposals, and to riiake and enter into any Contract and Agreements with any Person or Persons for the building the said Bridge, and for the furnish-ing and supplying materials for the fame, and to do all such Matters and Things as shall or may be necessary for carrying on and effecting the Purposes aforesaid, and shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet at any other Time or Times at the said Town of Saint Jago de la Vegat or elsewhere as they the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper and convenient, and as often as shall be necessary for the put-ing this Act in Execution, but if their shall not appear at any Meeting or Exception. Meetings, which shall be appointed by the said Trustees, a sufficient number of Trustees to act at such Meeting or Meetings, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in such case the Treasurer for the Time being, which said Treasurer the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at their first: Meeting after the passing this Act, are hereby empowered to choose and appoint out of their own Body, and afterwards in case of the death or other disqualification of such Person to choose and appoint any other in his stead, out of their own Body, as they shall think proper, shall, and he is hereby required to appoint another Meeting of the said Trustees, and shall give Publick Notice thereof as aforesaid, and the said Trustees at their first Meeting, and at all other subsequent Meetings shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees appointed, or to Books to be be appointed to put this Act in Execution, shall from Time to Time cause f0epat11re^‘1nnffc-to be fairly written and entered in one or more Bqok or Books to be kept tions for for that Purpose, Minutes of all Receipts, Payments, Debts, Orders and Money’&c* Contracts had, made, comradted or entered, for or upon Account of the Building the said Bridge, and all other the Proceedings and Transactions of the said Trustees, and to the end that the said Bridge may be built with the best Materials, and in the cheapest Manner.

VII. Be it further enacted, That all Materials to be found, and all Work Work to be to be done for building the said Bridge shall be by Contract, and Notice by

VOL. II. F f shall

H4

Act 51,52.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

T1 uftees !rn powered u, ,c. ctive 5000l.

'This Act deemed Publick.

Aiall be given in one of the News-Papers for one Month, of what Materials are wanting, and of the Work required to be done, and for Persons to fend in their Proposals.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer appointed, or to be appointed by Virtue of this Adr, to receive and take from any Person or Persons whnt-soever, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Th ufand Pounds, current Money of Jamaica, that Aiall or may be voluntarily given contributed and engaged, and promised to be paid by Subscription, and for and towards the building of the said Bridge, and which Monies shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer fir the Time being, to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, and shall be by him paid and applied for and towards building the said Fridge, in such Manner as the said Trustees cr any seven or more of them, at their Meetings to be had by Virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands direct and appoint.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudgeef and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken notice of such, by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever wh-hrut specially pleading the same.

Deceint’er. of An Act for the better clifcover’ing and colleEling the Arrears of his Majesty s ^uit-Rents, and fdr the more ejjediual Cok kSling the ^uit-Rents hereafter to becotne due.

Act 52. \\ WHEREAS the several Acts that have been passed for the better discovery of his Majesty's Quit-rents, have not had the desired Ef-‘ fedl; to the End therefore that a compleat and effectual Discovery rf his Majesty's Quit-rents may be obtained, and for the Ease of the Inhabitants of this Island, of some part of the heavy Taxes they at present labour under, We your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects the AfPmbly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do mofl humolj beseech \our Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That all fersons who own, hold, enjoy, inherit, occupy or possess any Lands in their own Right or in Right of their Wives, shall before the First Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight, give in upon Oath, or if of the People called Quakers, upon their solemn Affirmation, before the Justices and Vestry of the Parish where such Lands he, or where such Owners, Proprietors or Possessors Aiall re-side, and in such Parishes where no Vestries are, before the Justices, and in such Parishes where no Justices are, before five of the Vestrymen, a true and exact Account of all the Lands which they own, hold, occupy, enjoy or poifefs in Manner above described, in the said Parish where they lo give in; as also a true, exact and seperate Account for each particular P-ar,ifh of all other the Lands which they do own, enjoy, hold, occupy ot possess in such Parish or Parishes other than in such Parish, in which they Aiall so give in as aforesaid, in which Account or Accounts shall be specified and set forth the Parish where such Lands do respectively lie, and the Name or Names of the Patentee or Patentees of the several Tracts or Parcels of Lands if known, or in case such Lands are holden by Orders only., the Name or Names of the Persons in whose Favour such Orders, were, granted, or in case neither Patent or Order can be found for such

Land,

Act 52.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

5I5

Land, the Name or Names of the last Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, 1767. and if Acre Land, the true and real Quantity of Acres in each particular — v —

Parcel, or if Foot Land, the true and real Quantity of Feet of each particular Lot so owned, possessed or enjoyed by them according to the Patent, Order or Title, under which they Claim, or according to a Re-fur-vev thereof; and in case the Quantity docs not appear in the Title by which any Person may be possessed of Lands, then according to the beffc of their Knowledge and Belief, and under all and every the aforesaid seperate Accounts shall be fairly written the following Oath or solemn Affirmation.

I A.B. do swear or solemnly affirm, that the above contains a true and Oath.

ex aid Account of all the Lands which I do own, hold, enjoy or poJJ'efs in Iny own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the Parish or Precinct of in which Account is contained the Name or Names of the Patentee or Patentees, of all those Lands which I claim under a Patent or Patents, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons in whose Favour any Order was granted of such Lands which I claim under Orders only, and the Name of the last Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands for which I can find neither Patents nor Orders-, and also if Acre Land the true and real Quan-, iity of Acres of each particular Parcel, or if Foot Land a true and real Quantity of Feet of each particular Lot, according to the Patents, Orders or Re-surveys thereof, f as the case shall happen to be) or according to the befi of my Knowledge, Information or Belief.'

So help me GOD.

II.* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Each an<t *11 Mortgagees in Possession, Guardians, Attornies, Agents, Trustees, Ex- ^°sns’^tut* ecutors, and all other Persons being in Possession of Lands in the Right nies, Trusteer, of others, shall in like Manner before the said first: Day of September, in the said Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty- count of lands, eight, give in upon Oath, or if the People called Quakers, upon their solemn Affirmation, before the said Justices and Vestry in the Parish where the Lands lie, or where such Guardians, Attornies, Agents, Trustees. Mortgagees in Possession, Executors or other Persons in Possession of Lands in the Right of others. do reside, or before the Justices in such Manner where no Vestries are, or before five of the Vestrymen in such Parish where no Justices are, a true, exactand separate Account for each particular Person or Constituent of all the Lands which such Guardian, Attorney, Agent, Trustee, Mortgagee in Possession, Executors# or other Persons aforesaid, possessed in the Right of others in the said Parish, as also a true, exact and separate Account for each particular Person and Parish, of all other the Lands which they possess in Right of others in such Parish or Parishes other than in such Parish in which they reside, in which Account or Accounts shall be specified and set forth the Name or Names of the Owners of such Lands, the Parish where such Lands do respectively lie, and the Name or Names of the Patentee or Patentees of the several Tracts and Parcels of Land rf known, or in case such Lands are holden by Orders only, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Orders were granted^ or in case neither Patent nor Order can. be found for such Lands, the Name or Names of the last Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and if Acre Land the true and real Quantity of A.cres in each particular Parcel, or if Foot Land, the true and real Quantify of Feet of each particular Lot, according to the Patent, Order or Title under which their Principals claim such

Lands,

Act 52.

116 The L A V/ S of JAMAICA,

1767. Lands, or according to a Re-survey thereof; and under all and every the aforesaid separate Accounts shall be fairly written the following Oath of solemn Affirmation *.

I A.B. (mentioning the Capacity in which he acts) do swear (or being a Quaker solemnly affirmJ that the above contains a true and exalt Account of all the Landu oj which I elm in Poffiession oj or have under my Care and Management in Right of (naming the Owner or Owners,

as mentioning the Capacity in which he a his in which Account is contained the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Lands, the Name or Names of the Patentee or Patentees oj all those Lands which the said (naming the Owner or Owners') claims under a Patent or Patents, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons in whose Favour any Order was granted of or jar such Lands, which the said (naming the Owner or Owners)

Claims or Claim under Orders only, and the Name or Names of the last Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, which the said (naming the

Owner or Owners) claim, and for which I can fndneither Patents nor Orders; and also ifAcre Land the true and real Quantity oj Acres of each Jar-titular Parcel, or if Foot Land, the true and real Quantity oj Feet 0) each particular Lot, according to the Patents, Orders cr Rejurveys thereof (as the Case Shall happen) and according to the best of my Knowledge, Information and Belief \ So help me GOD.

Oath to be signtd by a Magiltiate.

To give in an Account of surplusage of lands, &c.

To pay Qajt-rents for lur-plufage of land

Which said several Oaths and Affirmations aforementioned shall be taken anti subscribed by the Persons giving in such Accounts, and shall also be subscribed by one of the Justices and one of the Vestry-men before whom the same shall be taken, or by two Justices in Parishes where no Vestries are, or by five Vefiry men in Parishes where no Justices are, whah laid Oaths or solemn Affirmations such Justices and Vestry, or such Justices in such Parishes where no Vestries are, or five Vestrymen in Parishes where no Justices are, are hereby impowered and required to administer.

III. And wherea?, furidry Persons enjoy Lands under Patents, Oiders and Surveys, made in pursuance of such Orders, which Patents, Orders and Surveys containing a greater Quantity of Land within the Bounds of the fame, than are mentioned in fucftPatents, Orders or Surveys, which not-wwithstanding such additional Quantity by the Law's of this Island, such Persons are legally in titled to hold and enjoy agreeable to the Boundaries mentioned in such Patents, Orders and Surveys, provided the fame has been relurveyed and found to contain a greater number of Acres,

IV. And whereas, it is equidble that the Persons who are possessed of or hold such an additmna. Quantity of Lands, should pay Quit-rents for the fime j be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, and it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That all Persons should give in the true, real and actual Quantity of Land within their ref-pedive Boundaries, which they shall hold, enjoy or possess in their own Right, or their Wives Right, or which they are in Possession of in the Right of others, whether the fame be more or less than what is mentioned in their Patents or Orders.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all Persons who have more Lands within their Boundaries than what their Patents, Orders or Surveys shall mention, shall from and after the passing of this Act, be charged with and accountable for Quit-rents according to the true and real Quantity of such Lands at the Rate mentioned in their respective Patents : and all Persons whole Lands are covered by prior Patents or other-wufe, shall have a lefier Quantity of Land than what is contained in their

Patents,

Act 52. The LAWS of JAMAICA, 117

Parents, Orders or Surveys, shall not be charged or accountable for the 1767. Tune to come with niore Quit-rents than what is or are justly due for the v — r

tme and exact Quantity of Land they poftefa.

VTJ. Atfi) be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all Per- Acrelandpaid Tons who It old1 Lit Is b Orders, or in any other Manner than by Patents, 6<1‘ptr shall \uc Qui1-rents for the fame, and after the rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence toe every hundred Ac res, to commence from the Earthquake, in calc the Quit-rems of such Lunds Have not already been paid or no part thereof; and Foot L mds which are so holden, shall pay one Halfpenny per FootUndhtif-Fo a for two lidev of the Square added together, and so proportionably for ptrulyptr 00 a preuer or less Qu ntity from the Earthquake aforesaid, in case the Quit* rent*, on such Foot Lands have not already been paid or lio part thereof.

VII. Provided nevertheless, that from and after the passing of this Act, the Attorney'General, or Attorney General for the Time being,

Kec. iver-Gcner.il, or Receiver-General for the Time being, shall, not

illu'e or execute his Majesty's Writ or Writs of Distringas against any Land Writ*of Di-

bp Lands in this Island, for or on Account of any Quit-rents or Arrears of uns

Quit- heHi,s dtlc. and owing to his Majesty, until the First: Day of January, «7*t*

which will be in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and

Sixty-nine, any thing in this or any other Act; or Law, Custom or Usage

to the contrary in anyx-ife notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always; that if any Olvnef or Owners, or any Perfott or Peifcns lawfully authorised by such Owner or Owners of Lands from which Qwjt-rents are to be . paid, is or are willing to surrender the said Lands to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, he, ftie of they shall be at Liberty to makeover the fame in due form of Law; in lieu of the said Quit-rent; so as that his Majesty may be enabled to re-grant the fame, the Person or Persons so* surrendering of any Lands; first taking the following Oath

I A.B. do swear that neither myfetf nor any Person for me have or hath at any Time received any Proft or Benefit from the said Lands equal to the Sum now due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for the said Quit-rents, and that I do not make this Surrender fraudulently or with an Intent to obtain a Re grant for the fame in my own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons in Trust for me.

Which laid Oaths shall be taken before his Majesty's Attorney-General, Personl notto and the same shall be set forth in the Deed of Surrender to be executed by'^wup the said Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons lawfully authorised to fist?y,collu* Surrender the fame, and the better to prevent any fraudulent Practice of surrendering of Lands to avoid the paying the Quit-rents due thereon with a view of obtaining a Re-grant of the fame Lands j be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that when any Person or Persons shall apply fora Grant or Grants of such Lands as shall be so surrendered, he, she or they, shall first take the following Oath before the Lieutenant-Governor or Commander in Chief fof the Time being* or such Person as he shall appoint.

I A.B. do swear that the Lands for which I now apply for a Grant, were not by me surrendered with any View to defraud his Majesty of the Quit-rents due thereon, nor is the same to be taken in my Name, or in trust for the Person who surrendered the said Ltffldf*

Gj

VOL. II.

IX. Ant>

11-8

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act

52-

Recr v.r Oe-nei.il impow-cred to take R"'’ I in part payment.

Interest at per cent.

6!

IX. And whereas, by reason of the Scarcity of current Money of this Island, it may happen that Persons who may be desirous and Willing to settle and difehurge their respedave Arrears of Quit-rents and Interest pursuant to this Act, may not be able to pay the whole Amount of the lame in M mey, for the Benefit therefore of Persons under the;e Circumstances, and to the Intent that a full and perfect Discovery of all such Arrears may be nude; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that each and every such Person and Persons' respectively, who shall have rendered in a full and exact Account of his, her or their Lands, in such Mariiler as herein before is directed, enacted, ordained and required, and in pursuance of this Act, shall and may upon payment of Twenty Pounds in Money to the Jteceiver-General, or Receiver-General for the Time being, enter into and give Bond, with one or more sufficient Security or Securities to be approved of by such Receiver-General, to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, conditioned for the Payment within Twelve Months from the Date of such Bond, of the full Amount of all and every the Sum and Sums remaining due and owing from such Person or Persons respectively, for Principal of-Quit-rents and Interest due there- , on, on the Day of the Date as aforesaid, exceeding the aforesaid Sum of Twenty Pounds so directed as aforesaid, to be paid in Money, together-with Interest at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the , Receiver-General for the Time being, or his Assign or Assigns, whRh Bonds such Receiver-General, or Rt ceiver-General for the Time being, is hereby impowered and directed to receive in Payment, and to give fiiffi-cient Receipts for the fame, to the Obligor or Obligors of such Bond or Bonds and Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall not be fully paid at the Days, or Times on which the same shall be respectively conditioned to be paid, then, arjd.in such case the Receiver-General, or Receiver-General for the Time being,is hereby impowered to exhibit such Bond or Bonds before the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, which said Court shall on due Proof that the Term,of such Bond or Bonds is expired, and that payment thereof hath been, demanded of the Obligor or Obligors, his, her or1 their Security or Securities, his, her or their Heirs, Executors or Admi-niftratois, or any or either of them, by such Receiver-General, or Receiver-General for the Time being, grant to such Receiver-General a Writ or Writs of Venditioni Exponas against the Body and Goods of such. Obligor or Obligors, Security or Securities, his, her or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, any or either of them on whom such demand of Payment shall have been made, in the same Manner and Form as if Judgment had been obtained against him, her or them, and Execution had been returned and levied thereon, and such Receiver-General shall, thereupon, and he is here jyf authorised, mpowered, directed and required, from Time,to Time, to mark on such Writ or Writs Levies for such Sum , or Sums, as. shall be unpaid, upon each and every such Bond or Bonds as aforesaid, together with Costs taxed by the said Court, and such Writs so marked, such Receiver:-General shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Provost-Marshal of this Island for the Time being, who shall forthwith cause the same to be duly executed and Levies to be made thereon, until the full Sum or Sums marked thereon with Costs shall be paid; and the Surp or Sums so arising from such Levies, shall pay to the Receiver-General, and such Provost-Marshal or his lawful Deputy or Depu4 tjes/shall and may also levy on each and every such Writ or Writs aforesaid. Poundage at the Rate of Five Pounds-per Centum for the First One Hundred Pounds, and Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every other Hundred Pounds of such Levy or Levies before mentioned and no

Receiver-General to make levies.

4 )

more.

Act

52,

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*9

more, and so i» Proportion for any less Sum or Sums, as or for his or their Fees in and concerning his or their Trouble in the due Execution of such Writ or Writs so marked, issued and levied as aforesaid, shall be entitled to and shall have Priority to all and every the preceding Prior or other Writ or Writs; Bills, Bonds, Mortages; Judgments, Reconizances, or any other Debts or Demands of what nature or kind lbever extant again# the Body Goods Or Chattles of such Obligor or Obligors, Security or Securities again# whorri such Writ or Writs shall be marked by the Receiver General a£ atorefiid, any Thing in this or any other Act or Law, Cuf-tomor ITluage to the Contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Provided nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, ‘that where any Attu^nieS; Agents or Executors shall give Bond or Bonds for Quit-rents due oil Lands so given in by them, in any of those Capacities; such Bonds shall eXprefs for whom they were 'given, and all the Process directed by this AdPto blue in bonsequence of Bonds given by Owners or Proprietors, aguinfl such Owners or Proprietors, shall be issued again# the Property or Persons of such Persons for whom such Bonds were given, and not again# the property or Pdrfons of such Attornies, Agenrs or Executors who shall lign such Bonds, nor again# their Securities, unless no property can be lound belonging to the Person or Persons for whom such Bond or Bonds Were given.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owners, Proprietors or Possessors of Land in their own Right, or in the Right of their Wives or any Mortgagees in Possession, Guardians,-Attorneys, Agents, Trustees, Executors or others in Post'eftion of Land in the right of others, shall neglect or refuse duly to give in such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, in Manner and at the Time or Times herein before expressed and required, "every such Person or Persons. so refuling or n'egledhng, shall for every such Offence or Neglect forfeit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in the Supreme Court of Judicature, wherein no Essoin,; Protection or Wager Law, or Non vult ulterius prosequi' favM be entered, any Law, Custom or Usage to the1 Contrary notwithstanding;- which said Forfeiture or Forfeitures shall be applied and paid to his Majesty and his Sucedfors, to - and for the Use of the Government 6f> thiS; Island',' and’ the contingent Charg’es thereof/ ' <’ i ( it k ' j I

XlL Provided nb'vertheless. That nothing in this Act'contained,-ffid.ll extend |or be construed'to authorize or allow any Guardian, Trustee] Executor, Administrator, Attorney, Agent or other Person holding or managing the Lands of others, to charge the right Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands under the-Care of Management of such Guardians, Trustees, Executors, Administrators, Attorneys, Agents or other Persons respectively, with any Forfeiture, Penalty or any additional Burthen of Interest imposed - or to be levied, by of under this Act in any Case where the same shall not' appear to" have been* incurred by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their own Default respectively, any Thing in this or any other Law, Custom of Usage of thisTflafd, to the Contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And for- the Tette'r and"1 more- convenient taking 'all the aforementioned Accounts;’be-it fufthef enddted by’the Authority aforesaid; That‘over and above' the’ordinary Meetings'of the Justices and Vestry of every Parish, or Justices of fubh Pafiftibs ’where no Vestries are, or the Vestry men in such Parishes where no Justices are; in which ordinary Meetings the aforesaid Accounts may be taken and received, the said Ju* ftices and Vestry, or the Justices in such Parishes where no Vestry’s are,

or

>767-.

Guardians, Attornies, &c. their Persons not liable to be attached, except no property can be found,

Representa* tives neglecting to give in, to forfeit iool.

[Proviso.]

Two "|uftic«s, or five Vestry-men to receive Accounts.

I / L

I 20*

1767•

Li

I'irtie of meet-in g.

Account* to be transmitted. to Receiver-General'* office.

- The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 52.

or any two of them, or the Vestrymen, or any five of them, in such Parishes where no Justices are, Shall meet and assemble on purpose, and for the Intent to take and receive the afore-mentioned Accounts fix different Times, that is to say-, the first Time on or before the first Monday in February, the second Time on or before the third Monday in March, the third Time on or before the first Monday in May, the fourth Time on or before the third Monday in June, the fifth Time on or before the lad Monday in July, and the sixth Time on or before the fourth Monday in August, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven. Hundred and Sixty-eight.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry of every Parish, and the Justices or any two of them, in such Parishes where no Vestries are, and the Vestrymen or any five of them, in such Parishes where no Justices arej Shall within two Months after the first Day of September in each and every Year, transmit the original Accounts given in before them, of Lands that do not lie in the Parish or Precinct where such Accounts are taken, to the Justices and Vestry of the respective Parishes wherein the Lands do lie, or to the Justices of Such Parishes where no Vestries are, or to the Vestries of such Parishes where no Justices are.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry or the Justices where no Vestries are, or any two of them, or the Vestrymen where no Justices are, or any five of them, Shall within one Month next after the said first Day of September, which will be in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight, cause alf the Accounts of Land lying in their respective Parishes that were given in, in their Said Parishes; as also all those that were transmitted to them from other Parishes, to be fairly transcribed in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, a Copy of which Transcript attested under the Hands of such Justices and Vestry, or Justices or any two of them, of such Parishes where no Justices or Vestrymen, or any five of them where no Justices are, such Justices and Vestry or Justices or Vestrymen, Shall on or before the first Day of November One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight, transmit to the Receiver-General’s Office, together with the original Accounts taken before them or transmitted to them from other Parishes.

fXVI.' And whereas, divers Inconveniences have arisen from the present Mode of collecting the Quit-rents, and if the fame were to be annually and duly demanded, collected and received, no Inconveniences of the like k^nd would happen in future; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-nine, the Justices of the respective Parishes or Precincts in this Island, or any two of them respectively, or any three Vestrymen where no Justices are. Shall at least fourteen Days next before the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each and every Year, issue out their Warrants to any Constableor Constables or Receiver-General’s Deputy or Deputies of each Parish or Precinct: respectively, to Summon all and every Freeholder, Owner, Proprietor or Mortgagee in Possession of Acre or Foot Land in such Parishes or Precincts respectively, or his, her or their Agent or Agents or Over-fee r to meet on the said Twenty-fifth Day of March or within Twenty-eight Days next after, at the usual Place of holding Vestries in each Parish; to render and give in a just and true Account in their several Capacities upon oath, as follows:

ci

I A.B.

Act 52.

1 21

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

| A.B. do swear (or being a Quaker, doJ'olemnly Affirm) that the above is 1767.

A a just and true Account of all and every the Acre and Foot Land and every J

other kind of Land which I do hold, occupy or possess in this Parish or Pre- Oath. cin5t, in my own Right or in the Right oj my IVif e, or in the Right of or for any other Person or Persons, or as _ rustee. Guardian, Mortgagee in Pojffession. Attorney, Agent, Executor or otherwise, or that is or are h Aden in this Parish or Precinbl under me in my own Right, or in the Right of my IVije, or in Right of any other unaer Lease Mortgage or otherwise, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

bo help me GOD.

Which Oath the'laid Justices or any one of them, or the Vestrymen where no Justices are, or any two of them is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, lo that a just and true Account of all such Lands as aforesaid, as ll;ch Person or Persons so giving in, they or each of them, or th ir or each of their ConstituUnt or Constitutents, Ward or Wards, Cefteque truji, or cejleque '1 rafts, Empoyer or Employers hold, shall or may at the Time or Times aforesaid, be taken by the said Justices and Vestry.

XVII. And whereas, several Persons residing in remote Parts of this Perf-onsaj. Island by reason of the great D.stance of the umal I laces of Meeting of the lowed to make Justices and Vestry of each respective Parish, and also from the extreme justice or Vef-badness of the Roads, inty not conveniently be present to give in their Accounts as aforesaid, by themselves or Agents, for the Ease thereof of such Persons, and that the People may not be drawn from their Habitations, and that the Inhabitants of all such Parts may be relieved; Be it enacted by the Author/ty aforesaid, That such Account and Accounrs as is ai.d are hereby directed and appointed to be given in upon Oath before the Justices and Vestry, or before Justices where ria Vestries are, or before Vestry-men where no Justices are, shall and may by such. Inhabitants be given in within the Time Unfitted by this Act upon Oath,

(or being a Quaker) upon loiemn Affirmation, to be made before any one Justice of the Peace and subscribed by the Party deposing or solemnly affirming as aforesaid, and annexed to such Account or Accounts, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding j which Oath or solemn Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, so that a just and true Account of all the Lands aforesaid, in such Parish or Parishes respectively, may be given in to the Justices and Vestry, or Justices where there is no Vestry; or to the Yeftry-men or any Five of them where no Justices are.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person oa^h'defmed or Persons who shall have taken such Oath, or made such solemn Af- Perjury, firmation, and shall be thereafter legally convicted in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature of having wilfully, corruptly or fraudulently commited Perjury in thetakii g such Oath or making such solemn Affirmation, every such Person or Persons lo legally convidqd asaroiesaid, shall suffer

such Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, are by a certain Act of Parliament passed in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, or by any Law now in Force in this Island liable to suffer.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk or Clerks of Vef-Clerks of the Vestry in the several Parishes within this Island, shall within "utR™skfor fixDavs next after the rendering in such Accounts as aforesaid, make out for Quit rents, a fair Copy or Roll of the particular Quantities or Parcels of Acre or Foot land so given in, and also ol the exadSumand Sums that shall yearly and every VQL. II. ' H h Year,

122

The LAWS ot JAMAICA.

Act 52.

1767. Year be due and payable for Quit-rents thereupon, and shall annex thereto — J a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any three Vestry-men of such Panth or Piecindl where no Justices are, and deliver the same to the Receiver-General’s Deputy or Deputies of such Parish or Precinct, to enable him or them to collect! and gather in the several Sums assessed therein, which said fair Copies and Polls and such Warrant as aforesaid, the Justices of each Parish or any two of them, or any three Vestry-men where no Justices are are hereby impovv-ered and required to sign, and all and every such Deputy or Deputies so whom such Roll and Warrant shall be delivered, is and art hsieby required to collect and gather in fr^m every Person named therein or his. her or their Attorney or Agent, all such Sum or Sums of Money, as he, she or they shall severally stand charged with, and pay the lame into the Hands of the Receiver-General for the Time being, within Thirty Days after such Roll or Warrant hasbten delivered to him 01 them, retaining to themselves One Shilling in the Pound, except in the Tow ns of Saint Jago de la Pega, Exception. Kingston, Port Royal, Titchfield,' Savanna-la-Mur and Montigo-Bay, where such Deputy or Deputies shall De allowed Sixpence in the Pou ;d and no more; and to remove all Excuses from such Deputy or Deputies lor not duly collecting the fame, they and each f then are hereby impowered to dif-train on all or any of the Goods, Chattels and Slaves or Cattle of such fer-fbn or Persons as shall refuse to pay such Assessment as aforesaid, and the Diflresses then and there found to fell at rublick Outc y at the mofl Publick Place in the Parish where such Distress shall be made, returning the Overplus (Jf any be) to the Owners thereof, after deducting of One Shilling in the Pound, to be allowed out of such Sale for the Trouble of such Deputy or Deputies.

proviso.

XX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authorty aforesaid, That such Sale of Goods or Chattels, Slaves or Cattle by publick Outcry, shall not in anywise be deemed lawful, unless such Deputy or Deputies shall have first given five Days Notice of such intended Sale, by an Account of the Goods, Chattels, Slaves or Cattle so distrained, and the Marks upon such Slaves or Cattle (if any there be) as also the Hour of the intended Sale in a Paper to be by such Deputy or Deputies fixed up at the most noted and publick Place in the Parish.

Eioviso.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid*

That Slaves shall in no case be defhained on by such Deputy or Deputies where any other Distress can or may be had, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Personsneg-

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ^hat if any Per-!na,toSbe°tfxId l°n or I>cr^ons liable to the Payment of Quit-rents, their Agent or Agents, om sixth part Overseer or Overseers, who on due Notice given as herein before is di-more. redted and Affidavit made thereof by the Collecting Constable, or Receiver-General’s Deputy, shall n >t appear and give in an Account on Oath to the Justices and Vestry, or to the1 J- iflices or any two of them where no Vestries are, or to the Vestry-men or any five of them where no Justices are, for the Time being, at such Time as before is directed, th^t then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices and Vestry, ot Justices or any two of them where no Vestries are, or any five of the Vestry-men where no Justices are, of the several Parishes ^r Precincts in this Island, to tax and assess such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to give in an Account as aforesaid, by themselves, their Agents or Overseers, one sixth Part over and above what he, she or they should have been charged or afllffed had they given in such Account as herein before is directed; and such Tax in such Case, shall be laid according to the preceding Accounts of

Land,

Act 52.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Land, which by this Act are directed and req tired to be given in before 1767. the Justices and Vestry, or any two Justices where no Veitr.es are, or any five V«.ftry-men where no Justice-s aie, in every Parish respectively, on or before the First Day of September, which will be in t ie Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight, and registered or transcribed as herein before mentioned, enabled and oidamed or according to the belt Information, such Justices and Vestry, or any two Justices where no Vestries are, or any five Vestry-men where no Justices are, c.n procure upon Oath of the Particulars of the Lands and Possessions of Inch Defaulter or Defaulters laying or being in such ♦’ariilKS cr Precincts respectively.

XXIII. Pkuvidf.d nevertheless. And be it en idled by the Authority proviso. aforesaid, That in case upon due Proof before the Justices and Vestry, or

any two Juhices where no V ltries are, or am fi e Vestry-men where no Justices are, in any Parish or Prtcindt of this Island respectively, it shall at any Time appear th it any such Default, Neglect or Refusal in not giving

in as jull mentioned. shall have happened by the wilful Negligence, Omission or Refusal of any such Agent or Agents, Overseer or 0\erfcers, and not through the Fault of the principal Party, Conltituent, Owner or Employer, then and in every such Cale the ieifoo or Persons actually guilty of such wilful Defaulr, Neglect or Refusal, shall pay such Assessment, or in Default of paying the fame, shall be liable to such .Distress or Penalties as herein before is or are provided and enacted with respect to the principal Party, Conllitue.it, Owner or Employer, any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided, 1 hit in cTe no Distress of such Agent or Agents, prov!foi Overseer or Overseers can be found within such Parish or Precinct respectively, that then and in such cale and not otherwise, the Goods and Chattels, Slaves and Cattle of such principal Party, Conltituent or Employer, shall be liable to be distrained and fold, in manner herein before redled.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fuft;ce5an(J Justices and Vestry of each respective Parish, or the Justices of such Parishes vViy ^fend where no Vestries are or any two of them, or the Vestries or any five of the <a'r,tn‘nfcnpu

_ . , ’ /-'hi . to the Receiver

Vestry-men in such Parishes where no Justices are, shall cause all the said General’soffic«

Accounts so annually to be given in before them as herein before is directed,

of Lands lying in their respective Parishes, to be fairly transcribed in a

Book to be provided foi that Purpose,' a Copy of which Transcript attelled

under the Hands and beals of such Justices and Vestry, or two justices of such Parish where ni Vestries are, or Vest y-men or any three of them

where no Jult ces are, such Justices anJ Vestry, Justices or Vestry-men,

shall within Thirty Days next alter the giving in of such Accounts in their respective Parish, transmit to the Receiver-General’s Office.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Personsonneg; the Deputy and Deputies afoi-efiid, of the several Parishes or Precincts in this Island, to whom all and every the rolls as aforementioned shall be de- attached, livered, shall be and are hereby mide amenable to the Supreme Cour*- of Judicature of this Island, for any neglect in the Execution of them, in the same manner as the Provost-Mar dial or his several Deputies are for neglect or Non-Execution of any Writ or Writs with the Execution whereof he or they is or are charged $ and the Judges of the said Supreme Court, upon complaint being made in Court by the Receiver-General or the Receiver-General for the Time being, against any of the said Deputies of Non-payment of their several Rolls on the several Days and Times when they severally became payable, are hereby required and obliged to issue out an Attachment or Attachments, against such Deputy or Deputies so offending as aforesaid.

i 24

1767.

- v — --I

I

Deputies obliged to give fecoiity.

Penalty on Justir-es and Velh) nfufing to do their Duty.

J he LAWS or JAMAICA. Acn c 1.

and him or them 10 commit to the Goal ol Saint Jago de la Vega, where he or they shall remain without Bail or Mainprize until the several Sums of Money due on the several Rolls respectively shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-General for the Time being, and such Receiver-General i$ hereby impowered to take out a Writ or Writs of Venditioni Exponas against the Body and Goods of the Security or Securities ol each and every filth Deputy or Deputies so offending, in the same Manner and Formas if lodgment had been obtained against him or them and Execution levied

O O

had been returned thereon, and shall-mark on luth Writ or Writs levies for such Sum or Sums as shall be unpaid by each and every such Deputy or Deputies so offending as aforesaid, and such Receiver-General'is also impowered to take out the like Writ or Wri s of Venditioni Exponas against aghnft the Body and Goods of each of the said Deputies who shall not have been taken by virtue of the Attachment, or against the Goods only of such as shall have been attached in the same Manner and Form as herein dhefted, against his or their Security or Securities.

XXVII. And whereas, in and by the Twenty-eighth Clause of an Act now in Force in this llland, intitled, " An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island, and Jor reviving and perpetuating the Acts and Laws thereof

it is enacted, That his Majesty's Q^it-rcn s and every Fart and Parcel thereof arising within this llland, lh Jl be colLfted and received by the Receiver-General for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy only; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and the said Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, is hereby required within one Month after the Thirty first Day of December, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and ixty-eight, to appoint and depute one or more Deputy or Deputies in e ch and every Parish in this Island, for the collecting and geting in his Majesty's Quit-rents and arrears of Quit-rents in Pursuance of this Act, a id of the said receited act, and for the other Duties, Matters and Purposes by the said Receiver-General or his lawful Deputy or Deputies in this or the said recited Act contained and required to be executed, done and performed by such Deputy or Deputies.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Deputies so to be appointed by the Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, for the several Parishes of this Island, shall before they proceed to collect any Money by Virtue of this Act, enter into Bond to our Sovereign Lord the King with one or more sufficient Security or Securities to be approved of by such Receiver-General, cor ditioned for the due executing of the said Othce and the truly accounting f r and paying over to the Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, all Monies to he received by Vhtue of this act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice, Vestry-man, Clerk of the Vestry, Constable, Receiver-General, or Receiver General's Deputy of any of the Parishes of this Island, shall negl. ft or refuse to do his or their Duty pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recove'ed by Action of Debt, Bill, PI .int or Information, in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoign, Protection, Injunction, or Imparlance shall be or granted allowed, or Non vult ulterius Prosequi, be en entered, and one Moiety of all the Forfeitures to be here, y incurred and recovered as aforesaid, shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and SuccejpTors, for and towars the Support of the Government

A^T 52> 53-

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

125

vernment of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other 1767* Moiety to him or them who shall lue for the fame, any Law, Custom or v — "^ — J Usage to the Contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ordered to Secretary of this Island do cause this act; to be forthwith printed at the publick Expence, with Marginal Notes, within Thirty Days from the Time of parting thereof, and that twelve Copies thereof be delivered to the Lieutenant-Governor, twelve Copies thereof to each and every the Members of the Council and Assembly, and twelve Copies to each and every Custos of every Parish or Precind in this Island, to be by him or them distributed to and among the several Vestry-men, and two Copies to each and every Juf.

_tice of the Peace throughout this Island, and two Copies to the Chief justice and Judges of the Supreme-Court of Judicature, and Twenty-four Copies to the Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General, for the Time being; the Expences whereof the Recceiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, is hereby impowered and directed to pay, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated. And each Justice of the Peace or Vestry-men where no Justices are, on Receipt of such printed Acts, are hereby required to make the fame publick according to their bell discretion, and cause the same to be read at every Quarter-Sessions and meetings of the Justices and Veftiy, or of the Vestries where no Justices are, in every Parish or Precind respectively, preceeding the First Day of September, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight.

An Act for the relief of Persons who have neglected to give in an Account of the Lands which they hold liable to pay £Suit-rents to his Majesty, according to the Directions of a?i AEl, of the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this If and) passed the last Session of Assembly, inti tied. An Act for the better discovering and collecting the Arrears of his Majesty's Quit-Rents, and for the more effectual collecting the Quit-Rents hereafter to become due.

1768.

Parted aid of September.

WHEREAS by an Act passed by the Lieutenant-Governor, Coun-cil and Assembly of this Island, the Twenty-ninth Day of December last: past, intitled, An Act for the better Difeovering and Collecting the Arrears of his Majesty's §>uit-Rents, and for the more effectual Collecting the Cfuit-Rents hereafter to become due; the several Owners, Holders, Proprietors, Enjoyers or Possessors of Land, either in their own Rights or in the Rights of others, in the Capacities therein particularly specified and enumerated, were obliged under certain Penalties therein mentioned to give in an Account of the several Lands, which they either in their own Right or in the Rights of others, or in the said Capacities held, possessed, occupied or enjoyed in the Ways and Manner therein mentioned, on or before the First Day of this Instant September, now last past, under certain Directions, and in a certain Manner therein prescribed and set forth.

II. And whereas, the Time therein limited hath been found too short, whereby many of his Majesty's dutiful and loyal Subjects of this Island, VOL. II. I i may

53*

Act 53, 54.

126 The LAWS of JAMAICA.

J76S.

( " I

Farther time allowed for giving in lands.

may have unavoidably incurred the Pains and Penalties therein mentioned , For Remedy thereof. We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, do most humbly hefcech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this your M j‘fty’s Island, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners, Holders, Proprietors, Enjoyers or Possessors of Land's, either in their own Right or in the Right of others, in the Capacities therein particularly specified and enumerated, and all other Persons whatsoever within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, who have omited or neglected to give in their Lands on the said Fiifl Lay of September infl nt; and who shall give in their said Lands on or before the First Day of December next, in the fame Form and Manner as is by the said Act required; .shall be exonerated from the Pains and l enalties in the said Act mentioned; ter such their OmiiTion and Neglect.

III. Pkovided always, That all and every other Clauses and Things in the said part recited Act contained, be and remain in full Force and Virtue, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

December1' cf Mn A Si for the P r even ti on of indebted Perftotis from depart irg this Jfand in the "Time of Martial-Paw, and to impower tlA fudges a?id fustices to exercise their everal Offices i?i certain Cafes', and to impower the fustices and Vestry, and Churchwardens a?id Surveyors of Highways to discharge their everal Duties',; and to enable Landlords to dist rain for Rent, notwithstanding Martial-Law. '

\1L7 HERE AS by an Act of this Island, now in Force, intitled. An A6h 54. jQr jetting the Militia, the Martial-Law may on some emergent Occasions be declared to be in Force, (on the ceasing of which, the common Law revives and takes Place,) whereby in the mean Time several ill disposed Persons, and in Debt, do take Advantage and go off the Island, to the manifest loss of their Creditors, and general discouragement to Trade; Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council and Assembly of th s his Majesty's Island of ’Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ci editor or Creditors to apply for and sue out of any of the Courts am ft any per- of Judicature of this Island, during the continuance of any Martial-Law paving in this Island, any Writ or Writs of Arrest or other Process of Law or time of Mar. Equity to flop, arrest, imprison and detain any Debtor or Debtors that tiaiLaw. shall attempt or go about to depart this Island, until he or they shall pay and satisfy their Debt or Debts, or give sufficient Security for the fame, according to the usual Course of Law, or in Case of such going off or departure, a foreign Attachment may issue against his, her or their Goods dr Chattels, and that it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges of such Courts, and all and every their Officers to sign, issue and execute all such Writ or Writs, and other Process, in like Manner as he or they might have done in case Martial-Law was not in Force, notwithstanding the saidafore recited Act or any Clause therein, or any other Law being or seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Chief Justice of this Island, and all and every the ♦ Assistant

Act 54.. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Assistant Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and all and every the Justices of the Peace in this llland, to act in their several Stations and Capacities in all criminal Matters coghizable before them respectively, by commiting or bailing in the same Manner as they or any of them might have done in case Martial-Law was not in Force, and the Coroners of the several Parishes of this llland, or any of them, are likewise hereby empowered and required to execute his or their Office in every respect during the continuance of any future Martial Law.

III. A Ni) whereas, many and great IncOnveniencies may arise from

Possessions being forcibly taken, and afterwards forcibly detained in Time of Martial Law; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Hull and may be lawful fur all and every the Justices of the Peace in this llland, to act in all cases of Forcible Fntry and Detainer in as full a Manner as they or any of them could have done in cale the Martial-Law was not in Force; and that the Provost Marllial and his Deputies, and the several Constables do execute all Writs, Warrants or other Process, that shall come to their Hands for the Purposes aforesaid, under the same Penalties and subject to the lame Punishments as if Martial-Law was not in Fo'ce.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all Landlords of Ploaies, Lands or Tenements to distrain for Rent due to them lor such Houses, Lands and Tenements, during the Time of Martial-Law, in the same Manner as they would be intitledto do in case Martial-Law^ was not in Force, upon the Landlords giving Security to the Amount of the Goods distrained on, before any Justice of the Peace to make Restitution upon any Replevin thereafter to be brought for such Goods in case Judgment should be given agairifl him in such Replevin for the said Goods.

V. And whereas, several Disputes Hive heretofore arisen about the Proceedings of the Surveyors of Highways, aild of the Justices, Vestry and Church-wardens within the several Parishes and Precincts in this Island, for keeping in repair the Highways, railing and laying on the Parish Taxes, and collecting, levying and applying the same by the Constable or any other Officer or Officers thereto appointed in the Time when Martial-Law is in Force in this Island; for the Prevention of which, and avoiding the like Inconvenience occasioned by evil disposed Persons to the Prejudice of his Majesty's Service and Injury to the Publick; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry of the several Parishes and Precincts of this Island, and the Church-wardens and Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parishes and Precincts, shall proceed to the discharge of their several Duties within this Island, as well when Martial-Law is in Force, as at any other Time, and they are hereby authorized, required and impowered to meet and raise such Parochial Tax or Taxes as by the several Acts directed and appointed, and the several Constables may collect, levy and distrain for the fame accordingly* and any Justice, Church-warden, Vestrymen, Surveyor or Constable neg-ledting his or their Duty, he or they so offending shall incur the Penalty in the Act mentioned, any Act, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Constable so distraining shall give Security to the Amount of the Goods distrained on, before any Justice of the Peace to make Restitution upon Replevin thereafter to be brought for such Goods in case Judgment should be given against him in such Replevin for the said Goods.

1 27

1768.

1 I - V ' J

Chief justice, and all "justices and Coroners to execute t eir of Ti.es in Martial Law.

Justices im-pawered to relieve Possession in cases of forcibly entries.

Landlords may diltram for rent.

Parochial taxes for Highways to be put in force.

Constable levying, to give security in caffe of Replevin.

124- The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 54., 55.

1767.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this ' — v — > Adtand every Clause, Matter and Thing herein contained, shall continue •and be in Force from the passing hereof to the Thirty-first Day of Decern• ber, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-one, and no longer.

December. of An Act to give a Recompence to Persons that shall be unjustly

vexed by Writs c/Replevin.

Act 53. HERE AS the Right, Title and Interest to Negro and other

V\ Slaves, and to Horses, Mules, Asses and neat-Cattle have been and now are tried in the Supreme Court of Judicature, and in the several Courts of Assize, upon Writs of Replevin.

II. And whereas, by the Usage of this Island such Negro and ether Slaves, and such Horles, Mules, Asses and neat-Cattle are produced at all Trials upon such Writs of Replevin concerning them, which Usage by long Experience hath been found useful by reason that the Parties lor whom Judgment have passed, at such Trials, have had an immediate Benefit of the lame by a Delivery of the Thing contended for.

III. And whereas, many Plaintiffs in such Writs of Replevin do by issuing such Writs, and further Process thereupon compel Defendants to produce such Negro and other Slaves, and such Hor es. Mules, Asses and neat-Cattle at the respective Courts, ard when the same are produced and kept there at a very great Expence in Money, and besides the loss of the 1 abour of them the said Plaintiffs will not come to Tryal upon such Replevins but continue their Causes over from Court to Court, to the intolerable Charge and Damage to the Defendant.

IV. And whereas. Defendants do in like Manner when any of the afore-mentioned Particulars are delivered to the Plaintiffs according to the exigency of such Writs of Replevin, avoid coming to Trial under various Pretences, whereby such Plaintiffs are put to the like Expences, Losses, Charges and Damages; For remedy whereof, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That whenever it shall happen that any Negro or other Slaves, or any Horses, Mules, Asses or neat-Cattle shall be produced by the Plaintiffs or Defendants in the said Supreme Court of Judicature, or Courts of Assize, in obedience to any Writs of Replevin, or to any subsequent Process, grounded upon such Writ, or to any Rule of the said Supreme Court, made thereon, or shall be in the Custody of the Provost-Marshal by Virtue of the fame Processes or Orders, and the Trial of such Writ of Replevin shall be put off on the Motion of such Plaintiffs or Defendants, not having the Custody of such Negro or other Slaves, or of the Horses, Mules, Asses or neat-Cattle, it shall and may be lawful for the said Supreme Court of Judicature, at the discretion of

wardreto^- t^ie Court, according to the exigency of the case to adjudge and award pence to the a reasonable Recompence to be made to the Party injured, by the Party Patty t. juted. pUt}ng 'j’rial for the Expences and Charges of bringing such Negro and other Slaves, and such Horses, Mules, Asses and neat-Cattle, to the said Supreme Court, or Courts of Assize respectively, and of maintaining them there, and carrying them back to the Place from whence they were brought, and to compel the Payment of the fame by Attachment

1 he LAWS of JAMAICA.

Ac r

r

i 29

tachinent, or by any other Summary method which the said Supreme 1768. Court flnll think proper.

V. Provided always, andbc it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, ThatProviJ°* when any Negro or other Slaves, or any Ilorfes, Mules, Asses or neat Cattle (hal 1 be produced to the hid Supreme Court or Courts of Assize respectively, after an Eloinment on the Writ of Replevin, or a Nulla Bona

on a Writ of Withernam, or mneji Inventus on a Writof Capias, in Withernam, dial 1 be returned, in such cases the party producing them shall not be entitled to the benchtof the Recompence by this Act herein before granted, in such Court or Term wherein either of the said Returns shall be made, in case the Plan tiff shall not go to Trial in such Court or Term, or thefub-lequent Courts of Assize respectively.

VI. Provided also, that when any Plantiff or Defendant in Replevin Parties in Re-not having the custody of the Negro or other Slaves, or of the Horses, fi*vJ"yStoJ,Yce Mules, Asses, or neat Cattle mentioned in such Replevin, shall give notice before the

in writing to the party having the custody of the fame, six Days before [n^dt©come any Supreme Court or Term or Court of Assize respectively, that he doth totnal* not intend to come to trial on such Replevin in the fame Court or Term, or Courts of Assize respectively, then and in such case, if such Plantiff or Defendant having the custody of such Negro or other Slaves, or of such Horses, Mules, Asses and neat Cattle shall produce them to the Supreme Court or Courts of Assize respectively, immediately ensuing such Notice, such Plantiff or Defendant shall not be entitled to any Recompence by this Act granted and allowed, for producing, maintaining and carrying them back to and from the said Courts in the lame Court or Term, for which such Notice shall be given.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when The party re-any Negro or other Slaves, or any Horses, Mules, Asses or neat Cattle f"rJ"£|totoco™e shall be in custody of the Provost-Marshal upon any Writ of Replevin, or the fees, any subsequent Process or Rule of Court, grounded thereon, and the Trial

of such Replevin shall be put off, the Fees for detaining such Negro orother Slaves and such Horses, Mules, Asses and neat Cattle shall be paid by the party on whose motion such Trial shall be put off.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on all trials on Writs of Replevin wherein Judgment shall pass for the Defendant or the Plantiff shall become Non-suit, it shall and may be lawful, for the Supreme Court of Judicature, at the diferefion of the said Court according to the exigency of the said case, to adjudge and award a reasonable Recompence to be paid by the Plantiff to the Defendant over and above the usual coils of Suit, for the Charges, Expences and Losses such Defendant shall sustain by means of bringing the Negro or other Slaves,

Horses, Mules, Asses, neat Cattle or other Goods and Chattles mentioned Damages if in the said Replevin, to the said Supreme Court, or Courts of Assize ref- nonTmtedf* pedlively, and of maintaining and keeping them there, and of leading or carrying them back to the place from whence they were brought, and to compel the payment of the fame by Attachment, Writ of Execution, or

other Process, or by any Summary Method which the said Supreme Court shall think proper.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this To continue in Act and every thing herein contained shall be in force from and after the { uS,or even passing of this Act toj the full End and Term of Seven Years and no longer.

VOL. II.

t

Kk

An Act 56.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

' 7 An Act} to repeal part of an AEl^ intitled, an ASl for ercEling,

establishing and regulating a Free School in the Parish of West-

of morel and, in this Jft and, and for enforcitig the I aft Will and

Testament of Thomas Manning, deceased, and for the better and more effectual carrying the said Act into Execution; and for the Prevention of Dunnages that may arise by Fire in the Town of Savanna la Mar in the said Parish of Westmoreland.

Act 56. IT THERE AS the first Clause of an Act of the Governor, Council and V\ Assembly, passed in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-eight, intitled. An Act for ereSling, establishing and regulating a Free School in the Parish of Westmoreland, in the said Island, and enforcing the last Will and Testament of Thomas Manning, deceased; whereby it is enacted, That the Guftos liotulorum of the said Parish of Westmoreland for the Time being, the two senior Magistrates of the foul Parifo for the Fime being, the ReSlor of the Par if: of Westmoreland for the Pune being, and five of the Freeholders of the said Parifo, such as the Freeholders Jkall annually eleSl, together with the said George Goodin and Hugh Kirk Patrick and William Dorrill, the Son and Heir, of the said William Dorrill, deceased, the surviving Fruflees of the said Thomas Manning, be, and are hereby appointed Frufleesfor the Direction and Management of the said Free School; and of the Gift, Devise and Be-quest, by the fold Thom is Manni ngfo made and given as aforesaid, and of all Subscriptions, Donations, Devises and Bcquejls that foa/l hereafter be given to, or for the XJ/e of the faict Free School, five of which Frufees shall be a Quorum to do Business; and also the second Clause of the said herein , before recited Act, whereby it is enacted, as follows. Provided always,

Fhat the Cijlos and two of the Jenior Magistrates for the Ft me being, and one of them the said George Goodin, Hugh Kirk Patrick and William Dorrill the Son, or any two of them shall be of that Number \ are found to be veryinsufficient and not toanswerthe Purposes of carrying the laidAdlinto Execution; For the Remedying whereof, and that the Charity in the said Act particularly set forth may be rendered more useful and beneficial to the Public, and that there may be a sufficient number of Trustees appointed to carry the fild herein before recited Act into Execution, which hitherto has been in a great Measure prevented, for want of a Quorum to meet and proceed to Business; We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the herein before recited Clauses of the herein before in Part recited Act, intitled, An Act for ereSling, establishing and regulating a Free School in the Parish of Westmoreland, in the said Island, and enforcing the last Will and Feflament of Thomas Manning, deceased; be, and the same are hereby repealed, annulled and made void to all Intents and Purposes, any Thing, in the Lid herein before recited Act,' to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

r.uftccs ap.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pointed. Custos Rotulorum of the said Parish of Westmoreland, John Gope and Theodore Stone, Esquires, the present Members of the Assembly for the said Parish, or the Members of the Assembly for the said Parish, for the

Time

N

Act 56.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. > si

Time being, three of the lenior Magistrates of the said Parish for the 1768. Time being, who shall be prclent at any Meeting of the Trustees in — v — J

this Act mentioned, the Rector of the said Parish lor the Time being, and any five of the Freeholders of the said Parish, such as the Freeholders on the first Monday in August in each Year elect, be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees lor the Direction and Management of the said Free School, and of the said Gift, Devile and Bequest by the said Thomas Manning made and given, and in the said herein before recited Act, particularly mentioned and set forth, and of all Subscriptions, De-viles and Bequests that shall hereafter be given to, or for the Use of the Lid Free School, five of which laid Trustees shall be a Quorum to do Business.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, That the Custos of the said Parish for the Time being, or one of the said Members of the Assembly for the said Parish for the Time being, or any one of the three senior Magistrates of the find Parish actually residing therein for the Time being, shall be of that number.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Lands, Messuages, Negroes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all Rents, Sum and Sums of Money ch irged upon, and issuing «r payable out of any tMelfuages, Lands, Negroes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all Sum and bums of Money given and bequeathed to the said F ee

School of the said Parish of Westmoreland, shall be and are hereby vetted

in the said i rustees nominated and appointed in and by this Act, and their T-mw? »o Successors to and for the Uses and Purposes in the said herein before re- pJwer a<in\™e cited Act, declared and enacted concerning the same, and that the Lid for,ner Act-Trustees in and by this Act nominated and appointed have the fame Powers and Authorities to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named in the said Act, intitled, An Act for erecting, establifdng and regulating a Free School in the Parish of Westmoreland, in the said If and, and enforcing the laf Will and Test ament of Thomas Manning, deceased} any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every other Matter, Clause or Thing in the said Act, intitled. An Act for erecting, establishing and regulating a Free School in the Parish of West-moreland, in the said If and, and enforcing the laf Will and Tef ament of THomas Manning, deceased; hot hereby expressly repealed or altered, shall berand continue in full Force and Virtue, any Thing in this Act or any Part thereof, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas, the Town of Savanna la Mar in the said Parish of, Westmoreland in the County of Cornwall, is of very great Importance, and is become a very considerable Place of Trade. (

VII. And whereas, a great part of the Houses and Store-houses in the said Town are built of Timber and Boards, whereby the said Town is liable to take Fire.

VIII. And whereas, there are several Coopers shops in the said Town, the Owners whereof do not take proper care in the using of Fire for burning of Calk, from whence Inconveniencies may ensue; For Remedy whereof, and for preventing any Accidents that may arise from Fire, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy, no Cooper or Person raising or making Calk, shall suffer any Fire to be made in his Yard, or any other Part of the said Town of Savanna la Mar, to wit, from the Places commonly called and known by the name of Whitehall and the Matt Ponds down to the Sea, where he or his Servants or Slaves shall >vork, but in a square to be built of Brick or Stone by every such Cooper or Person so raising or making

Calk

J32

Act 56.

1768.

*"v" J

P* n.i ly cn

iii-tkiiijj ['Los <"111141 v tod.is A cl.

Mgro. huts, Hovels, See. to he l'u.led down

Penalty on e-reftingHuts.

Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, for the benefit of the Poor.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Cask of tight feet high, with one Door, and that to the Westward of every such Building, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Week he shall delay or neglect to raise such an Inclosure, and for every Time he shall suffer any such Fire to be made in his Yard, or any other Part of the said Town as is above described, where he or his Servants or Slaves shall work as aforesaid, out of such square as aforesaid, after the said first Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy.

IX. And whereas, there are great numbers of Houses, Out-houses, Negro-huts and Hovels in the said Town, covered with Thatch, lor,g Grass, Reeds and Cane-tralh, to the southward, eafhvard and westward of the said Places called Whitehall and the Matt Ponds in the said Town, down to the Sea, which render it very liable to be set on Fire, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said firftDay of "January, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy, the Justices of the said Parish of Westmoreland, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants directed to the Constables or Tything-men of the said Parish, for raising and pulling down all such Houses, Out-houses, Huts and Hovels f> built and covered with Thatch, long Grass, Reeds and Cane-trash, and the said Constables or Tything-men, or either of them, are hereby commanded and required immediately to put in execution all such Warrants so directed to them or him, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That who-soever shall erect, or suffer to be erected, after the said first Day o {January, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy, any such Houses, Huts and Hovels, covered with Thatch, F ng Grass, Reeds or Cane-trash to the southward, eastward or westward of the said Places called Whitehall or the Matt Ponds down to the Sea, in the said Town, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence. '

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice, Constable or Tything-man shall neglect or refuse to do his or their Duty herein, every such Justice, Constable or Tything-man, shall for every such neglect or refusal, respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, current Money of Jamaica.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of all Forfeitures and Penalties in this Act mentioned, shall be for the Support of the Poor of the said Parish, and the other Moiety to the Informer or him or them who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information in the Court of Common Pleas in the said Parish, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoin, Protection, Injunction or Noli Prosequi shall be allowed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Act 57.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

J33

- i r

1768.

Aji AB to repeal part of a?i AB, intitled, An Act for ren- Passed 7th of dering the several Donations which have been given and bequeathed to the Use of the Poor of the Parish of Vere\ in the said Island more useful, and for ere ding and endowing a Free School in the said Parish; and for the better and more effectual carrying the said AB into Execution.

WHEREAS the first Clause of an Act of the Governor, Council j^CT and Assembly, passed in the Year of our L ,rd One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty, intitled. An Act for rendering the several Dona-tions which have been given and bequeathed to the Use of the Poor of the Parish of V ere, in the said If and more useful, and for erecting and endowing a Free School in the said Parish; whereby it is enacted and ordained, That five of the Jenior Magistrates of the said Parifij actually residing therein for the Time being, the Rector of the said Parish for the time being, and five of the Freeholders of the said Parish, such as the Freeholders of the said Parish fioall annually on the first Day of July elect, are appointed Trustees for the Direction and Management of a Free School in the said Parish, and of the several Gifts, Devises, Donations and Bequefis aforementioned, and of all such further and other Gifts, Devises and Bequefis that shall hereafter be given, to and for the Use of the said Free-School, five of which fai l Trustees shall be a Quorum to do BujineJ's and also part of the second Clause of the said herein before in part recited Act, whereby it is enacted as follows: Provided always, three of the senior Magistrates residing in the said Parish shall be of that Number; is found to be very insufficient and not to answer the Purposes of carrying the said Act into Execution -, for the remedying whereof, and that the Charities in the said Act particularly set forth, may be rendered more useful and beneficial to the Publick, and that there maybe a sufficient number of Trustees appointed to carry the said herein before recited Act fully into Execution, which hitherto has in a great meafuie been prevented for want of a Quorum to meet and proceed to Business

We your Majesty's mod; dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the herein before recited Clauses of the herein before in Part recited Act, intitled. An Act for rendering the several Donations which have been given and bequeathed to the Use of the Poor of the Parish of Ve re, in the said Island more useful, and for erecting and endowing a Free School in the said Parish; be, and the same are hereby repealed, annulled and made void to all Intents and Purposes, any Thing in the said herein before recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That William Trustees no-' Pusey and John Edwardes, Esquires, the present Members of the Assembly ™^a^>aand of the said Parish, or the Members of the Assembly for the said Parish for pointed.ap the Time being, three of the senior Magistrates of the said Parish actually residing therein, for the Time being, who shall be present at any Meeting of the Trustees in the said Act mentioned, the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being, the Church-warden and Church-wardens of the said Parish for the Time being, and five of the Freeholders of the said Parish,

VOL. II. L1 such

34

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 57.

1 768

such as the Freeholders of the said Parish or the major part of them who Hi all be pi elent, shall annually on the first Monday in July elect, are hereby appointed Trustees for the Direction and Management of the Free School in the said Parish oFVere, and in the said herein before in Pait recited Act particularly mentioned, and of the several Gifts, Devises, Donations and Bequests in the said herein before recited Act particularly mentioned and set Five T.ufoes and such further and other Gift", Devises and Bequests that

to 11 mi a and shall hereafter be given to and for the Use of the said Free School, five of do Buimcfs. which said T ruflees shall be a Quorum to do Business.

One Member HI. Provided always, That one of the said Members of the Assembly of the Atbm- for the said Parish for the Time being, or any one of the three senior Ma-jiru'enu CO 6 gilt rates of the said Parish actually redding therein for the Time being, or one of the Church-wardens for the Time being, shall be of that number.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees or any of them, shall, and they and each of them, are and is t^rth^door'of hereby required from Time to Time whenever it is necessary to hold a the church of Meeting of the said Trustees, cause the same to be advertised on the Door Wetil-g ded of the Church of the said Parish of Vere, fourteen Days at lead before such Meeting, and that the said Meeting shall be held in the said Parish Church, from whence the Trustees then present or a majority of them, shall and and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and to such Place in the said Parish as they shall think proper, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Monies vetted ^' And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the in rmftees for Lands, Messuages, Negroes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all Rents, uplifts of tins gum an(j gums Gf Money charged upon, and Bluing or payable out of any Messuages, Lands, Negroes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all Sum and Sums of Money given and bequeathed to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish of Vere as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees nominated and appointed in and by this Act, and their Successors to and for the Uses and Purposes in the said herein before recited Act, declared and enacted concerning the same, and that the said Trustees in and by this Act nominated and appointed have the fame Powers and Authorities to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been named in the said Act, inti tied, An Act for rendering the several Donations which have been given and bequeathed to the Use of the Poor of the Parish of Vere, in the said If and tnore useful, and jor ereBing and endowing a Free School in the said Parish; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every other Matter, Clause and Thing in the said Act, intitled. An Act for rendering the several Donations which have been given and bequeathed to the Use oj the Poor of the Parish of Vere, in the said lfand more useful, and for ere Bing and endowing a Free School in the said Parish s not hereby expressly repealed or altered; shall be and continue in full Force and Virtue, any Thing in this Act, or any Part thereof to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act 58.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*35

1768.

U ' — *» — J

An Act directitig in what Manner the Lands of Absentees, 7iot p^djiftDe-jbaying tit- Rents > and having no Afets i?i this Ifand\

whereon to disiraiti, shall be forfeited and regranted, a?id for the further securing his Majesty s Qjtit-Rents.

WHEREAS the several Laws enacted for the Forfeiture of the Lands ^CT rg, of Absentees, not paying Quit-Rents for the fame, having been found to be attended with many Inconveniences, whereby many Proprietors really having Assets in this Island, having been deprived of their Lands for want of due Notice.

II. And whereas, the Method therein prescribed to obtain Judgement again such Lands, is liable to many Inconveniencies , for Remedy whereof.

May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of "Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority of the same, That no Information at the relation of the Attorney-General, against: any Land of Absentees, for Forfeiture of the fame, as not having paid the Quit-Rents, and not having Assets in this Island, shall hereafter be brought or filed, other than the Manner herein after directed,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing hereof, all Persons informing or intending to inform -

•n Tir i/- 1 • . 1 • r» , Persons inform

against: any Lands of Absentees, not having paid their Quit-Rents, and ingagainstany which said Absentees, it may be alledged have no Assets whereon to distrain for the fame, shall for the future, upon actual Payment of all Quit-Rents, then due for such Tracts of Land so intended to be informed against, to his Majesty's Receiver-General in current Money of this Island, and not otherwise, and upon entering into Bond with good and sufficient Security to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors to settle the said Lands, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, intitled. An Act for securing and collet ling his Majesty's Quit-Rents, Fines, Forfeitures and Amerciafhents, and for regulating the Manner of Escheats, and for securing the PoJJ'egors of Lands already forfeited and settled, and further discovery of such forfeited Lands, and encouraging the settling thereof-, shall apply to his Majesty's Attorney-General of this Island, and produce to him a Receipt from the Receiver-General, for the whole Quit-Rents then due for the said Land, specifying the Quantity of the said Land; the Money paid, and that the fame appeared to the Receiver-General to be in Arrear; and also a Certificate from the Receiver-General, setting forth, that he the said Receiver-General hath diligently searched the Quit-Rent Books in his Office, and that it doth not appear, that any Quit-Rents have been paid for the said Lands for Twenty Years pafl, and that the Relator hath actually given Security for settling the fame in Man-ner herein before directed, which said Receits and Certificates the Re- Reeeit & cer-ceiver-General for the Time being, is hereby required to give, and the 1 cate* Receiver-General shall for such Receit, Search and Certificate, receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-pence, and no more.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Attorney Ge- Majesty's said Attorney-General shall, upon the producing of such Re- a^ta/on^ro-ceits and Certificates, issue a Precept or Fiat, for which said Precept or Cueing a receit. Fiat, the said Attorney-General.shall and may demand and receive the Sum of Two Pounds Seven Shillings and Six-pence; to the Clerk of the

Supreme

Act 58.

336 The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1768. Supreme Court of Judicature, to prepare and issue one or more Writ or

v — Writs ot Inquiry-, as the Case may require, returnable at the next Supreme Court of Judicature, if the Lands so related against be situated in

the County of Middlesex, or at the next Court of Assize to be holden lor

the County, wherein the Lid Land shall be situated respectively, if the Lands so related against be situated within the Counties of Surry or Cornwall, and to be signed and countersigned as other Writs are, in Form and Manner herein after-mentioned, which Writ or Writs the said C lerk of the Supreme Court dial 1, on Receipt of such Precept, issue and make out, and for every such Writ shall and may demand and receive the Sum of Six shillings and Three-pence, and for signing of which Writ the Chief-Justice, or in his Abl’ence, the Judge signing the fame, shall receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-pence, which Writ shall be to the folio Aing Effect

tormof Writs A*. 7 V GEORGE the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain,

County I France and Ireland King, and of Jamaica Lord, De-

Parish J fender of the Faith, &c. To the Proved Marshal General of

this our If and of Jamaica, Greeting. Whereas A.B. of the par if of hath related to our Trufy and Well Beloved our Attorney-General for this our If and, that his late Majesty by his Letters Patent, bearing date the

Fay of in the Tear did grant unto C. D.

his Heirs and difigns Acres of Land, situate, lying and being in

the Pars of butting and bounding And whereas the said A.B. hath likewif'e related to our said Attorney-General that the said Acres of Land are now vefied in the Heirs or other Representatives of E. F. and hath also related that the Sum of was actually due and owing to us, being for 9suit Rents for the fame, which the said A.B. hath actually paid in Cash, to our Trusty and well Beloved our Receiver General for the said If and: And whereas the said A.B. hath further related as aforesaid, that such Heirs or other Representatives of the said E. F. are Absentees or Persons not ref ding in th's If and, and have not Assets fuss dent within this Island whereon he might or may Diflrain for Payment of the said Quit-Rents : And whereas it is Our Royal Will and Pleasure to be satisfied of the Truth of the fame Premiset and every Part thereof; Now we command thee, that by thyself or thy lawful Deputies, thou doji warn Twelve good and lawful Men of our said County of to be

and appear bef ore our Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature or Courts of Assize, Oyer and Terminer and Goal Delivery of our said County on the laf Tuesday in next, at in the J'aid County, then and there to

inquire whether or not the said Lands were granted to the said C.D. and also whether or not the said Lands are now vejied in the Heirs or other Representatives of the said E. F. and who if they can find the Truth thereof such Heirs or other RepreJ'entatives is or are, in whom such Lands are aSlually vefied -, and likewise whether or not such Heir or other Representatives is or are absent, and not residing in this Island: And further, whether or not such Heir or other Representatives hath or have not Assets in this Islandsufficient for us to Diflrain for the Quit-Rents now due for the said Land, and where such Ajjets are and of what Value', and we also command thee, that thou return this Writ in all Things duly executed, with the Names of the Perfions by thee warned, to our said Justices at the Supreme Court of Judicature or Court of Assize, Oyer and Terminer and Goal Delivery, to be holden at the lafi Tuesday in next.

Witness our Trusty and well Beloved G. H, Chief Just ice, &c.

' I. K. Cl. Cur. G. H;

Act 58.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. !3

- ' . A

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the 176S. Provost-Marsh \1 lha.ll return such YVrit to the said Supreme Court of Ju- ’ - j dieature or Court of Assize, endorsed to the following Effect : The Exe- ProvostMar-

cut ion of this Writ appeal s by the Kit urn of his Majesty's Writ of Venire Facias to me directed, /etiin.i.ule this prefen: Supreme Court of "Judicature, or Court oj Jifji.ze. P.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in'all Certain Form Writs of Venire Facias to be issued returnable at the Supreme Court of l^cVcntr!/1* Judicature or Courts of Assize for the Counties of Surry and Cornwall re- F"«as. spectively, the following Words shall be inserted : and also to enquire of and concerning the several Matters contained in our Writs of Enquiry, concerning Lands related againf, for the non-payment of %uit-Rents, for which the Clerk of the Court and the Provost-Marshal-General, shall respectively receive a Fee of One Shilling and three pence each.

second Tuef lay in the Supreme Court of Judicature, and on the first returnable. ° ThuiTday of the said Courts of Assize, where such Writs shall be returnable, the said Writs shall be pr claimed in like Manner as Informations for L:mds forfeited under the Quit-Rent Acts now are, and that afterwards during the fitting of the said Court, a Jury returned as aforesaid, shall be Impannelled, Charged and Sworn to enquire of the Truth of the several Points contained in the said Writ, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to receive all such legal Evidence as shall be produced to the said Jurors touching the Premises and every part thereof, and that the said Jurors dial 1 return a Verdict concerning the several Points to be enquired into, in Writing, endorsed on the back of the said Writ or annexed to the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Assize Court* said Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature or Courr of Assize, shall judgments to transmit the said Writ, together with the Verdict of the Jurors to the the clerk of Office of the Clerk of the Supreme Court of Judicature, who shall there- office, upon File the said Writ and Return in his Office; and shall also insert an Abstract of the fame, in a Table to be kept in some public Part of his Office, in the following Manner;

Infortnations for forfeited Lands.

Dav’ Writ lifted Relator Original Patentee Present Owner Place and Quantity Final Judgment when to pass

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Proclamation the-filing of the Return of such Writ and Inquisition and producing the Re^ "fthf fame at his Majesty's then next Supreme Court of Judicature as aforesaid, writ and lathe Attorney-General shall cause Proclamation to be made by the Provost^" °n* Marshal or his lawful Deputy, of such Return on the second Tuesday in

such Court; and also at the Courts of Assize the second Day of such Court of Assize next to be holden after such Supreme Courts for the Counties of Surry and Cornwall respectively, in like Manner as Proclamations are now by Law directed to be made, and are made on Writs of Ef-cheat, in the said Supreme Court and Courts of Assize.

X. And be it further fenadted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Return shall be proclaimed in two successive Court's of Judicature and Assize as aforesaid, if no Person or Persons shall Traverse such Inquisition

VOL. II. Mm and

Act q8.

138

The LAWS of J A MA 1 C A.

1768.

Fiml Jti'-lg-

nitu t pro-lioui'ccd for the K. ng f 110 Traicrle or CJ: i:n is m.iJe.

T1 : vei ferto pay Q;iit ren's In fore inch Traverse shall he! ina<ie.

Feifonr to give evidence to disprove fuf-ticient Assets.

J’roviso.

The Lands of AWentees liable to be re-gran fed under certain limitations.

and put in his, her or their Claim to the fame, or pray Time to enter such Traverse and Claim, that then on the second 'Tuesday of the Supreme Court of Judicature, next succeeding the last Proclamation, final Judgment shall be pronounced for the King, and that on producing a Docket of Inch Judgment, which Docket the Clerk of the Supreme Court of Judicature shall make out and deliver, a Patent shall issue and pass the Seal of this Island to velt the Did Lands in the Relator or Relators in such Writ or Writs his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns forever; which Patent ill all be a perpetual Bar to all former Grantees or Claimants under the Perfoil in whom the same shall be lound to be verted, whether by Delcent or Purchase, but against no odier Person or Persons claiming under any other Title, any Thing in this or any other Law to the contrary notwith-rtanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Traveller or Traversers of, or to such Writ, Return or Inquisition, shall in, the Trayerfe that he, rtie, or they shallfo put in, Deny or Traverse such Point or Points of the said Writs and Return as he, she or they shall be adviled is or are Material to Deny or Traverse, and shall also tender Payment of such Qmt-Rents as shall have been really and bona fide paid by the said Relator, and actually undertake by him, her or themselves, or by sufficient Sureties, to pay the same to such Relator in Cafe Judgment shall pass for such Traverser or Traversers before such Traverse and Claim shall be received and filed in the said Supreme Court of Judicature.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Attorney General, the Relator or any Personon his or theirliehalf, to give Evidence either before the Jury or such Writ, or before the Jury on such Traverse of any Matter or Thing tending to disprove either the Existence or Sufficiency of Afiets, or that the same are liable to be exhausted by Demands of a higher or equal Nature,

XIII. Provided always that nothingherein contained shall extendor be construed to extend to prejudice the Title of any Granteeof Lands already taken up upon Account of any Judgments upon Informations against such Lands for Forfeitures upon the several Quit Rent Acts of this Island, or any of them, which have been given before the passing of this Act, or to alter or annul the Proceedings upon any Informations which are now depending, and have been filed before the parting hereof; but the Attorney-General and the Relators in such Informations may proceed in the lame and in like Manner as if this Act had not been made, any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas, by the Laws now in Force inflidting the Forfeiture of Lands for Non-payment of the Quit-Rents, such Land1-' for which any Quit-Rents have been at any Time paid are not liable to Forfeiture, although large Tracts of Lands are now uncultivated for which no Quit-Rents have been paid for a long Time part to the great Dimunition of his Majesty's Revenue, and hindrance of the Cultivation of Lands in this Island; be it therefore enacted, that all Persons who do not inhabit within this Island, or shall not hereafter inhabit the fame, and now are, or shall hereafter be porterted of an'd hold any Land or Lands within the same, for which the Quit-Rents have not been paid within the space of Twenty Years part, or shall not hereafter be paid within Twenty Years before such Certificate shall be given by his Majesty's Receiver-General, vs by this Act is directed, or have not or shall not have any Effects in this Island whereon his Majesty may Distrain, shall incur the Forfeiture of such Land or Lands, in like Manner as Lands are now liable to Forfeiture in Cafes where no Quit-Rents have at any Time been paid for the same.

Act 58, 59.

139

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

XV. And be it farther enabled by the Authority aforesaid, rl hat if 1768.

fitch Relator or Relators, and Grantee or Grantees, Patentee or Patentees -'

their Heirs or Assigns, shall not truly observe, perform, fulfil and keep Rcl:‘J",*’0^c* the Condition of the Obligation abovementioned, according to the true reiving their Intent and Meaning of the said Act, such his Neglect or Non-perfo:mance n.^L-uids^by shall be ib.emed a Forfeiture of the said Land, anti it (Lull and may be becomeverted lawful for the Attorney-General for the Time being to issue a Scire Facias ,he Cro"n* against flub Person to neglecting and nor performing such Condition to repeal such Letters Patent, and to seize the said Lands into the Hands of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in whom they shall if Judg-menton such Scire Facias be given for the Ciown, become veiled

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this This Act to be Act shall be printed, and two Copies thereof Pent to his Excellency the imnted* Governor or Commander in Chief for the d ime being, two Copies to each of the Members of the Council and AtTcmbly, and two Copies to the Receiver General, Provost-Marshal and Clerk of the Court, the Charges of which, the Receiver-General shall pay out any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

An Slcl to oblige the several ColleSling-Co? fables of the re- p,fod3iftDe-spective Pari foes of this Jfajicl, in a Jummary Manner to pay over the Parochial Taxes into the Hands of the respective Church-wardens.

WHEREAS many Inconveniencies have aiifen, and may arise to the several Parishes in this Island, from the Neglect and Delay of the several Collecting-constables, in not regularly collecting and paying over the Parochial Taxes into the Hands of the respective Church-wardens for the Paid Parishes; for Remedy whereof. We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-nine, all and every the Constable or Constables of the several Parishes of this Island, to whom all and every the Rolls for collecting the Parochial Taxes shall be delivered, shall once in every Month, if thereunto required, during the Time he or they shall continue Collecting-const.ible or Constables, render a just and true Account upon Oath to the several Church-warden or Church-wardens of their respective Parishes in this Island, of all Sum or Slims of Money, he or they shall have actually received on Account of the Rolls delivered to them for their respective Parishes, and pay over the fame into the Hands of the acting Churchwarden of their respective Parishes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Collecting-constable or Constables of the several Parishes of this Island, shall be, and they are hereby made amenable to the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, for any Neglect in them, in the same Manner as the Provost-Marshal or his Deputies are for Neglect or Non-execution of any Writ or Wiits with the Execution whereof he or they are charged; and the Judges of the said Supreme Court upon Complaint made to them upon Oath by any of the Church-warden or Churchwardens

Act 59.

Constables made amenable to the Supreme Court.

40

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act

59-

1768.

Tubt ptracbed till tilt Money be paid.

Expences out of Puise to be repaid to Church-wardens.

Conflibles to tender in an Account on Oath.

wardens of any of the respective Parishes of this Island, against such Ccl-ledting-constable cr Constables for Non-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, that he or they shall have actually received, on account of any Roll or Rolls for collecting of the Parochial Taxes, and not accounted for as aforesaid, are hereby required and obliged to make an Order on all and every such Collecting-constable or Constables against whom such Complaint Hi all be made, to shew cause upon Oath, why an Attachment i’hould not iliue against him or them for not paying over into the Hands of the Church-warden or Church-wardens complaining, all Sum and Sums of Money he or they shall have actually received on account of such Roll or Rolls; and in case such Collecting-constable or Constables shall neglect or refuie to shew such Cause* then upon due Proof of Service of such Order, the Judges of the said Supreme Court are hereby required and directed to issue an Attachment against such Constable or Constables so offending as aforesaid, and him or them to commit to the Goal of Saint Jago de la Vega, where he or they shall remain without Bail or Mainprize, until the several Sums of Money he or they shall have actually received on the several Rolls, be paid into the Hands of the Churchwarden or Church-wardens of the respective Parishes, so complaining as aforesaid, and the said Church-warden and Church-wardens is and are hereby impowered to take out a Writ of Venditicni Exponas against the Body and Goods of the Security or Securities of each and every Constable so offending as aforesaid, in the same manner and form as if Judgment had been obtained against him or them, and Execution levied had been returned thereon, and shall mark on such Writ or Writs Levies for such Sums as such Constable or Constables so offending as aforesaid, shall have actually received; and the said Church-warden or Church-v/ardens or either of them, is and are hereby also impowered to take out the like Writ or Writs of Venditioni Exponas against the Body and Goods of each of the said Constables, who shall not hive been taken by virtue of the Attachment aforesaid, after it shall have been lodged Six Days in the Office of the Provost-Marshal of this Island, and Affidavit made, that Endeavours have been used to execute the fame, and Non Inventus returned thereunto, or against the Goods only of such who shall have been attached in the same Manner and Form as herein before directed against their Securities.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Church-warden or Church-wardens of the respective Parishes of this Island, shall complain to the said Supreme Court ot Judicature against any Constable or Constables of the several Parishes of this Island, for neglecting or refusing to do his or their Duty, agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and shall be put to any Expence in prosecuting such Constable or Constables for such neglect or refusal, it shall and may be lawful for the said Supreme Court of Judicature to adjudge and award such Constable or Constables against whom such Complaint shall be made, to pay to the Church-warden or Church-wardens complaining, all Costs out of Purse which he or they shall have been put to in prosecuting such Constable or Constables, to be taxed by one of the Judges of the said Supreme Court, and to compel Payment of the fame by Attachment, Writ of Execution or Venditioni Exponas, or by any other Method which the said Court shall think proper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Collecting Constable or Constables of the several Parishes of this Island, shall neglect or refuse to render a just and true Account upon Oath, to the Church-warden or Church-wardens of the respective Parishes of this Island, in Manner as herein before dirodted, which said Oath the Churchwarden

Act 59, 60.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

14-1

warden or Church-wardens of each and every Parish in this Island, is 1768. and are hereby impowered and required to.;administer* or in case such Constable or Constables hath or have not received any Money on account of the Rolls delivered to him or them, such Constable or Constables are hereby required to make Oath thereof, before the Church-warden or Church-wardens; and such Collecting-constable or Constables neglect- Constables re* ing or refusing to render such Account or make such Oath as aforesaid, oathSto°forfy* shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be re- ,o1* covered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattles by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two Justices of such Parish or Precinct, and the same shall be paid into the Hands of the acting Church-warden of the said Parish; for and to the use of the Poor of such Parish, and in case ho Goods and Chattles of such Constable or Constables so offending as aforesaid can be found fuffeient to pay such Penalty, then and in such Case, such Justices shall commit such Constable or Con-ilables to Goal, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, till he or have paid such Penalty,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island, do forthwith cause this Act to be printed or tran- A&tobi feribed, and one copy thereof to be transmitted to all and every the Jti- Pnnte^ Rices, Church-wardens; and to each Clerk of the Vestry of each

and every Parish in this Island within Thirty Days next after the passing hereof; and that his Majesty's Receiver-General of this Island do pay for the fame out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

VI. And be it further ertaded by the Authority aforesaid; That this AiR, and every Clause, Matter and Thing herein contained, shall continue and be in Force from the Thirty-first Day of December in the present Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight* until the Thirty-firR Day of December in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-one, and no longer.

An ASl for the more effectual presenting Negroes and other p Slaves from deserting from their Owners, and departing from Wecembex< this Ij and in a clandestine Manner, a?id to punish such Per-fans as shall be aiding, affjling or abetting such Slaves in their Escape*

WHEREAS several Negro, Mulatto and other Slaves have lately Act 6o± found means to Desert from their Owners and depart from this Island, to the great Damage of such Owners and in evil Example to other Slaves, who may thereby be induced to attempt the fame*

II. And whereas, there isReafon to suspect that such Slaves have been aided and assisted in such Escape and Departure by other Persons,* and there is not any adequate Punishment provided by Law for such Desertion and Departure from this Island, or for Persons aiding, assisting or abetting such Deserters; for more effectually preventing and punishing the same.

We your Majesty's moR dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of Ja-maica, moR humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaicat and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That if any Negro, Mulatto or other Slave or Slaves, shall on or after the First Day of February, which will be in the v VOL. II. Nn - Year

142

i he LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act bo.

1763. Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-nine, runaway v — *v — from his, her or their Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers, and slaves attem^ go off, or conspire and attempt to go off this Island in any Ship, Boat, togfufferde°ath ^anoe or other Vessel or Craft whatsoever, or be aiding, abetting or assisting to any other Slave or Slaves in such going off this Island, he, fbe or they so running and going, or conspiritig and attempting to go off, or so aiding, alfifling or abetting in such going off, being duly convicted before two Justices and three Freeholders of the Parish whereunto the said Slave or Slaves so offending final 1 belong, shall differ Death or other Punishment at the Dileretion of such tsvo Justices and three Freeholders or the Majority thereof, one whereof to be a Magistrate. if two are IE Provideu, That if two or more Slaves shall happen to be convicted

tried the Ring- at one and the same time, the Penalty of Death shall be inflicted on him deaih! ° U ' or her only, who shall appear to the Justices and Freeholders or a Majority of them, one of which to be a Justice, to have been the Ringleader or . principally concerned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro, Mulatto or Indian of free Condition, shall on or after the said Fiifl Day of February, knowingly be aiding, assisting or abetting any Negro, Mulatto or other Slave or Slaves in going off this Island, and shall be convicted thereof in due form of Law, such Negro or Mulatto of free Condition, shall lose their Freedom, and the Property of such Negro or Mulatto, shall immediately after Judgment pronounced, on such Conviction, be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be disposed of in the Manner herein afeer mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the

Free Person a assisting, to forfeit their Freedom.

Penalty on the

ftaTnotTr^nf- Provost-Marshal General of this Island for the Time being, or his lawful porting them Deputy, shall under the Penalty of Two Hunded Pounds, within Six months!* Months after such Conviction of such Person or Persons of free Condition, transport or cause to be transported out of this Island, such Person or Persons so convicted, and cause him, her or them to be sold, and the Monies arising. therefrom after deducting his Commissions and such Charges as the said 'Provost-Marshal shall be put to in the Execution of his Duty herein, shall pay or cause to be paid to the Receiver-General for die Time being, so be applied for the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such 'Person or Persons so convicted, sentenced and transported, shall afterwards be found at large in this Island, he, she or they being thereof convicted before two Justices and three Freeholders, shall duffer Death.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ve natty on white Person or Persons shall knowingly be aiding, aifjfting or abetting,

white Persons to any Negro, Mulatto or other Slaves in going off this Island, he, she oc Hi b them. tj1£y being convicted thereof, by Bill, Plaint or Information, in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature, and on which Bill, Plaint or Information, no Injunction, Protection, Essoin, Wager of Law, or Nonvuk ulterius Prosequi shall be received, entered or allowed, shall forfeit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds, current Money of ‘Jamaica, one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the upport of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety* to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors at whole Suitor complaint such Persons was convicted, and also suffer imprisonment at the Discretion of the said Court, for any space of Time not exceeding Twelve Months, and not less than Six Months without Bail or Mainprize.

J

1<»

VIE A

V

Act 6o, 6l.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*43

VII. And be it farther enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That It 1768. shall and may be lawful to proceed against: the Person or Persons so aid- *.

ing, aflifiing or abetting such Slave or Slaves in going off this Island, whether the principal or principals be convicted or not, any Thing in this or any other Act, Custom or Usage to the Contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act to b» Secretary of this Island do within Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, pnnted* cause the fame'to be printed or transcribed, and one Copy thereof transmitted to his Excellency the Governor and each of the Members of the Council and Assembly, and also to each Justice of the Peace in the several Parishes of this Island; the Expence whereof to be paid by the Receiver-General or the Receiver-General for the Time being, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

A?t ASi for the further Regulation of the Provof-MarshaPs Proceedings in the Sale of Negro and other Slaves taken by

i

Virtue of Writs oj Venditioni Exponas.

WHEREAS several Inhabitants of this Island have been greatly Act 6o%’ injured in their Property and many more may suffer in the like Manner by the shortness of the Notice which by Law the Provost-Mar-shal and his lawful Deputies is and are obliged to give of the Sale of Negro and other Slaves taken by Virtue of Writs of Venditioni Exponas, which Notice as the Law now Hands is but five Days, by which means Negro and other Slaves have been sold by Virtue of such Writs, of which Negro and other Slaves the Party or Parties against: whom such Writs have been issued, had only the Possession, but had no Property in the said Negro and other Slaves, who were either mortgaged, intail’d, subject to Dower, the Property of Minors or under Lease, and from the shortness of the said Notice, and the Distance of the Places where such Negro and other Slaves are fold, the right Owner or Owners, his, her or their Representative or Representatives is and are deprived of the Opportunity of flopping such Sales by Writs of Replevin. ' 4

II. And whereas, many Negro and other Slaves under the aforesaid Circumstances have been sold as aforesaid, and have been sent off. the Island by the Purchaser or Purchasers to the great Loss, Damage and Injury of the right Owners, who as the Law now Hands can have no Re-dress or Remedy either against the Provofi-Marshal, his Deputies or the Purchaser or Purchasers fending off such Negro or other Slaves; For Remedy whereof, and to prevent the like Practices for the future; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, That from and after the first Day of February, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven ®atdhet®f1^. Hundred and Sixty-nine, on Affidavit being made by the Owner or property of Owners of Negro and other Slaves so taken by the Provofi-Marshal, or slaves* his lawful Deputy or Deputies by Virtue of Writs of Venditioni Exponas, or by the Attornies, Executors, Administrators or Guardians of such Owner or Owners, or by any Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or by his, her or their Representative or Representatives before any one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, or before any one of the Commissioners appointed by. Law to take Affidavits out of Court, in Matters relating to the said Supreme' Court, who are aftd each of them is

herebj

L44

'The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 6i, 62.

hereby empowered and required to take the fame, that such Negro or oilier Slaves so taken as aforesaid, are not the Property of the Party Dr ^Parties against whom such Writ or Writs of Venditioni Exponas have been-issued nor liable to his or their Debt, but are the Property of the Deponent, or of the Person or Persons whom he, she or they representy v*. either in right of Mortgage, Intail, Do*er, Right of Minors or are under Lease, as the Case may happen, that then the Piovoft-Marshal or his De-_putKS being duly served with such Affidavit, shall and he and they afe . heteby enjoined, directed, ordered and obliged to suspend and flay the for£SPdtCsff such Negro or other Slaves in such Affidavit named, specified an'd

*° ays* . mentioned for the space of Twenty Days, that the Owner or Owners of such Negro or other Slaves, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her or their Attornies, Executors, Administrators or Guardians may have sufficieftt Time to prevent such Sale by iffiuing a Writ or Writs of Replevin atainfl the Provost-MarOral or his Deputies for the recovery of such Negro or vdflier Slaves, any Law, Custom’or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, that such Affidavit or Affidavits of the Property of such Negro, or other Slaves, being made by the Owner or Owners of such Negro or other Slave shall be politive, bbt such Affidavit being made fiy the Attorney or Attorfiies, Executor or .'Guardian of fitch Owner, or Owners, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, shall be.tb the bell of* their Knowledge and belief.

Replevin* rrt IV. Provi ded also and it is the.true Intentand Meaning of this Act that so'daysto'pro- Party or Parties, making such Affidavit as aforesaid, shall not within ceedtofaie. the Space of the said Twenty Days, issue out his, her ortheif Writ.of Replevin, against the said Provost-Marshal or his Deputies* for the Recovery of such Negrp, or other Slaves, that then, it shall and may be lawful for the said .Provost-MarfliaLpr. his Deputies, to proceed to:the Sale of flfuch Negro or other Slaves as if such Affidavit had not been made, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

mb a

[Proviso.]

-Ob TO A

( f

Act 62/

paiRd 3ift of An Act to infiiSi further P uni foment sn Pe? fons receiving Stolen

December, 20 T« J - t 1 - 1 l't

Goods, knowing them to be stolen*. J 1 f

t • ? / C t

WHEREAS thereafe no Laws now in Forcefln this Island, sufficierit f to deter or prevent any Person or Persons from the infamous Practice of receiving Stolen Goods, and for the Want of wholesome Provisions in this Cafe, many White Persons as well as free Mulattoes, Indians, ttnd Negroes'do carry on a very pernicious Trade by receiving and buying. Or taking in by,way of Pawn dr Pledge for a trifling Cc nflderation, Gold j&nd Silver, Plate.and Jewels, and other Goods and Chattels, Wares and Merchandizes which have been feloniously taken. , r

II. And whereas such receivers do also harbour and conceal the offepr ders,'after the perpetration of such facts, and do encourage Slaves and dtnfidftic Servants to rob and plunder their Mailers or ."Owners,- and td commit other Enormities: To the end therefore, that these mifehiets oiay be hefdafter prevented, and the wicked Promoters and Abettors thereof may be brought so exemplary Punishment, for the fame* We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majest:y,that it may be cn&cled, be it therefore eriaifted by the Governor, Council and Assembly

sf tfcflg yourM'a jesty’s said Island : and it is hereby enabled and ordained

el n:;iti do flos'j ij* o-/ "* 4 J u 1*

r

Vo

by

Ac 1' < 2j cJ.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*4-5

the Authority of the same* that from and after the passing of this act, any 1768. person or persons who shall receive or buy, or take in by way of pledge, c, — pawn, or otherwise any gold or silver, plate, jewels, wearing apparel, furniture, lugar, rum, melasses, or any other goods, chattels, wares or merchandizes whatsoever, knowing the same to be feloniously taken or Aden, and that shal 1 be leg ally proved to have been feloniously taken or Per/bnAe-Aolen by any white person. or by any free mulatto, free negro or free "‘o’^gu indian, or by any Have or slaves from any person or persons, or shalldeath. receive entertain, maintain, harbour, aid, abet or conceal any such felons or theives, or offenders as aforesaid, knowing them to be such, shall be ‘deemed, taken and adjudged accessary or accessaries to the said felony or felonies, and equally criminal with the Perpetrators thereof; and being of any or either of the said Offences duly and legally convicted, in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature, or in any of the Courts of Assize, in the said Island, shal 1 incur and suffer the pains of Death, in like Manner as is provided for Felons convicted as Principals.

III. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island, do cause this Act to be printed, within Thirty Days after passing thereof, and one copy thereof to be delivered to his Excellency the Governor, and one copy to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly, the Charges whereof shall be paid him by the

I. eceiver-General out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this cominuanca Act, and every Matter, Clause and Thing herein contained, shall con- of this act. tinue and be in Force from the passing hereof, until the Thirty-first Day

of December, which will be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-one, and no longer.

An Act for making Six everal new Plat Books, for the Pari foes Paired jiitDe* of Saint Thomas in the East, Saint David, Saint Dorothy,

Vere, Saint James and Saint Ann, which have been lately ytranferibed by the Clerk of the Patents, legal Evidence in all Court sy and for the better preserving the Public Records in the.

Offices of Register of the Court of Chancery a?id Clerk of the Patents in this If and.

J

WHEREAS the Clerk of the Patents has in Pursuance of a Re- Act 63.

solution of the Assembly of the Nineteenth Day of December,

One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty seven, transcribed Six several Plat Books, into fix new Books, by him provided for that Purpose, viz. a new Plat Book for the Parish of Saint Thomas in the Erf, another for the Parish of Saint David, another for the Parish of Saint Jamest another for the Parish of Saint Dorothy, another for the Parish oi-Vere9 and another for the Parish of Saint Ann, and hath also examined the fame with the respective original Plat Books remaining in his Office, and hath signed and attested each sheet contained in the several Books j May it pleufe your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, that the said fix several transcripts of the said Plat Books above particu-' .VOL. II. 60 larly

a 46

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 63.

1768. - j

Clerk of the Patents to make Oath of the nernnin3» tion of them.

Ke?ifter in Chancery, See. to keep Records. Alpha, bets, &c. ia good order during the time lie holds the Offices.

To give security on his entrance into Office.

Penalty on not making Oath.

larly mentioned, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be valid, legal and efiednal Records, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as the original Records theml'elves were before, the making this Act.

II. Provided nevertheless, the said Clerk of the Patents, shall make Affidavit before the Chief-Justice for the Time being, or before any Judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature, who are hereby impowered and required to take the fame, that the said Transcripts of the said fix le-veral new Plat Books, have been carefully examinedby him, and are t ue and e>:ad Copies of their several Records, before the said Transcripts or Copies shall be as valid, legal and effectual Records as aforesaid; which Affidavit the said Clerk of the Patents is required to make and enter in each particular Book of Transcripts or Copies within three Months from and immediately after the passing of this Act into a Lawj under the Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds Current Money of Jamaica.

III. And whereas the Public has been at great Expence from Time t<j. Time to preserve the Public Records and Proceedings in the several Offices of the Register of the Court of Chancery and Clerk of the Patents, in this Island, and as it is reasonable that the Register of the said Court and Clerk of the Patents who receives great Profit by the said several Offices, should keep the fame in good Order and Repair; It is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the present Register of the said Court of Chancery and Clerk of the Patents, shall be obliged under the Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds, to keep the said Records and other Proceedings and Alphabets in his said Office of Register of the Court of Chancery and Clerk, of the Patents in good Order and Repair at his own proper Cofl and Charges, and have also fairly transcribed Copies of such Records and Proceedings, as shall be impaired by frequent Use, or decayed by Time* Provided, that such Register in Chancery and Clerk of the Patents, be only obliged to transcribs and keep in good Order and Repair, such Records and Proceedings as have been had, made or entered in his Office and Of*, fices during the Time he acted or officiated as such, and no longer, and that every Register of the Court of Chancery and Clerk of the Patents, shall be obliged under the Penalty of Two Thousand Pounds, before his or their Entrance upon the several Offices aforesaid, to enter into and give Bond with good and sufficient Security to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, that he or they will from Time to Time, at las own Cod and Charge, keep in good Order the Records and other Proceedings and Alphabets in the said several Offices, which shall be had or made during the Time he shall act or officiate in such Offices.as aforesaid, and have Copies fairly transcribed of such Records and other Proceedings that shall ormay be had during the Time he or thep shall officiate in the Officers, aforesaid, as shall any wife require such transcribing.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Records so transcribed, (ha'll be carefully examined by the Register in Chancery and Clerk of the Patents for the Time being, and he is hereby obliged under the Penalty o‘f Five Hundred Pounds to repair to the Chief Justice, or to any of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature for the Time being, and make Oath, that he has had the fame carefully transcribed, and that he has faithfully examined it himself, which Oath the Chief Just ice or the said Judge is hereby impowered.and required to administer, amhevery Record so transcribed, examined and sworn to, shall be deeme,d authentic, valid and effectual.

V. ‘And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present "Register in Chancery and Clerk of the Patents, cause a List: 01? inventory of all Books of Record and Alphabets in his Office aforesaid,

to

Act 03, f4. 'i he LAWS of JAMAICA. 147

- 1 ., —

Ikj tie mack m J\ine Months after the Palling of this Act, the Charges 1768. v^ hereof shall be paid to him by the Receiver-General out of any Monies ' — — •* in his Hands unappropriated; and that for the future* the present and Inventory r f all Registers in Chancery and Clerk of the Patents or Persons acting as f^efl^dKl* such, upoi^ delivering Possession or leaving the said Offices be obliged and fen°tto the to deliver such Inventories to all New Registers and Clerk of the Patents, Secretary’*of. Which laid Inventories shall belignedby the said new Regillers and Clerk of the Patents, and the Persons delivering Possession of the said Offices as aforesaid, and that the said Inventories shall be entered in a fair written Book to be kept for that Purpose, in the said Register’s Office, and a Copy of the fame sent and ligned as aforesaid to the Secretary’s Office of this island, which said Inventories or Copies shall be good Evidence against the said ^legifter in Chancery and Clerk of the Patents or any of them, in Case of any Embezzlement of the said Books of Record, and the present Re-gifter and Clerk of the Patents, and all other Registers and Clerk of the Patents for the Time being, who shall neglect or refuse to take or figri such Inventories, or cause such Copies to be made and signed as Tore* said, shall for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, Current Money o {Jamaica.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Records and Proceedings of the said Court of Chancery and of the Clerk Proceeding of the Patents shall be recorded fairly at Length within ninety Days, whhlnthrw' after the same shall be brought into the said Office, or delivered into the months* Hands of ]the Register of the said Court of Chancery and Clerk of the Patents, or his Deputy as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, for every Neglect or Default, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise ijotwhhftajlding. ' f '

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties, iiji this Act mentioned, shall be recovered in the Supreme n'tmaVmj Court of Judicature of this island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or oath. Information, wherein no Eflbih, Protection, Wager of Law or Injunction Ihalji he granted or allowed, or non vult ulterius frofequi be entered, one thereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef* furs foi and towards the Support of the Government of this island, and the contingent Charges thereof, aftd the other Moiety to the Informer or him or them who shall sue for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this island, do within thirty Days after the passing hereof, fend f Copy of this Act ,to the pr.efent Register of the Court of Chancery and Clerk of the Patents, the Charges whereof shall be paid to him by the Receiver-General out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated,!

An Act to rest rain the Inhabitants of the Pap ftj of Weflmore- Passe(1

lltccmbci

land, in the County ^Cornwall in this island, from working a.ny .Carriages rof Burthen but with broad Wheels on the .Roads in the said Parish4

WHEREAS the Highways.are fpftenxendered vgry dapgerous and ^CT some times impassable through all the Roads leading to and Trom the different Erftates in the Parish of jftejlmoreland, pccafipaed chiefly by the ^working of heavy Carriages with narrow Wheels upon the said Highways

148

The. LA W S of JAMAICA. Act 04, 65.

*7

68.

Ft'liesto lie nine Inches bread.

Four wheel enrriages tlx Inches broad, but one ax e-tree to be one foot longer than the other.

ways; We your Majesty’.s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, that from and after the First Day of January, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-one, no Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage for carrying of Sugar, Rum, or any other Goods (a Cart to be drawn by a Angle Beast, or Trucks with two Wheels for drawing of Timber only excepted) shall be allowed to work, pass or repass in or upon any of the Highways of the said Parish, unless the Wheels of such Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be at least nine Inches broad in the Fellies of the said Wheels and in case any such Wain. Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall after the Time above-mentioned, be found working, patting, or re-passing on the said Highways, with Wheels of lesser breadth in the Fellies, than what are hereby prescribed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, and they are hereby authorized andimpowered to cause the same to be stopped, Lized, tiken and detained, and upon proof made on Oath, of such Offence, before any of the Justices of the Peace of the said Parish, such Justice fh ul condemn tile said Wain, Cart, Waggon or other Carriage to be sold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be paid to the Church Warden or Church Wardens of the said Parish, to be laid out in the Repairs of the Highways of the said Parish, which said Oath, such Justice is hereby authorized and impowered to administer.

II. Provided nevertheless that any Person or Persons may use, employ or work upon the said Highways any Waggon or other four Wheel-Carriages for Conveyance of Goods as aforesaid, the Wheels whereof shall be six inches broad in the Fellies, and the fore Axle Tree whereof shall be one foot shorter, or one foot longer than the after Axle Trees of such Waggon or other four Wheel Carriages before mentioned any thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this, Aistand every Clause and Matter therein contained, shall continue and be in Force from the Commencement thereof, for and during the Term of Four Years and no longer, any Law, Custora or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

paired 3ift of /In ASi for the further Regulating of the Service and Execution

December# J J O O #/

of Process, and the Returns thereof \ and other Purposes relating to the Service of furors, and rendering the fame a ?nore equal Duty.

Act 65. X WHEREAS for want of some proper Regulations, very great Inconveniencies and Mischiefs arise from the Non-Execution and Non-Service of Actions, Warrants, Scire Facias, Executions and Ven-ditionis, and other Process mesne and judicial, through the Neglect, wilful Default, Corruption and Connivance of the Deputy-Marshals acting under the Provost-Marshal-General here, in their several Distritfts, and as no Process of Outlawry hath ever been in Use in this Island, to compel Persons to appear and answer in any Causes criminal or civil, there is a stronger Necessity for a careful and diligent Service, and Execution of Actions, Writs and Warrants for that Purpose.

" ‘ IT And

• Act 65. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 14-9

-iii^ - •« " — " - ____ji — i

II. And whereas divers other Regulations are necessary for making the 1768. Process of the Law more effectual and beneficial to the Public, and with u Regard to the Execution of Writs of Partition and Return of Jurors, to

serve in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, May it please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the Governor,

Council and Assembly, that where any Action, Warrant, Writ of Scire Facias, Execution or Vendioni, or any Precept thereon is delivered or sent by the Provost Marshal-General here, to any of his Deputies, in order that he should serve or execute the fame, that such Deputy-Marshal shall re-"turn such Action, Warrant, Writ of Scire Facias, Execution or Venditioni, or the Precept thereon in convenient Time for returning the same to the Provost-Marshal-General here; and if it shall happen that such Deputy-Marshal hath not served or executed the fame, but shall return Process, non ejl inventus or itcircle', or any other Return to any Action, i^ed^wm* Warrant or :-cire Facias, signif) ing the fame hath not been served or ‘executed, Cr Nulla bona to any Execution or Venditioni, or Precept writs,&c. thereon, so delivered or sent to him as aforesaid, such Deputy-Marshal is hereby required and directed, with every such Return to add and express in Writing on the Back of such Action, Warrant or Scire Facias, Execution;

Vendioni or Precept, or in a particular Schedule to be annexed to the fame,

The particular Reasons for his making such Return, in some such Manner and Form as follows, viz.

• \ f ? '

In Cafe an Allion, Warrant or Scire’ Facias, or Precept thereon to be re•

turned Process tarde or non efl Inventus, That the within or annexe4-A5lion 'or Summons, Warrant, Writ or Precept thereon came to his Hands but Days" expressing the number " before the Return; that it was impracticable for him for that Reason, to serve or cause the same to be served9 the Defendant living Mile*s by Computation, from his the said Deputy's

Residence,

If this shall be the Cafe : Otherwise such Reasons to be expressed as the Truth shall be, and is the Cause of making such Return; and in Case of Nulla Bona returned by such Deputy-Marshal, he shall then add Return, and express his particular Reasons in Writing, for making that Return, bn the Back of such Execution or Venditioni; or Precept thereon, in Manner and Form as follows, viz.

" That the Defendant hath no Negroes, Goods or Chattles, in his DiJlriSi to his Knowledge, or which he hath received Information of, whereupon he could make a Levy, as required by the said Writ or Precept, or that the Defendants if the Cafe so fall be " on his said Deputy's going to his said Plantation or Dwelling food on his Defence, so that he could not execute such Writ of Precept’d'

Or Teturn such other particular Reasons as the Truth shall be, of the Cause of not executing such Writ or Precept, and of his making of such.

Return, according to the true Intent and Meaning.of, this Act.

III. And the Pi Ovoft-Marshal General here is hereby also directed and requited, in all Cafes where be shall return Process Tarde, Non ef Inventus, or Nulla Bona, to any A’dtions, Warrants, Writs of Scire Facias, Execution'or Vefiditioni (.if the fame or any Precept thereon, shall have been, delivered of Tent to any Deputy to serve or execute) carefully to file the Deputy Marshal’s ‘particular Reasons To to .be returned as aforesaid, of his the said Deputy's ‘Retufh, and for Dot serving or executing the fame,

- VOL. II. Pp - ® wHiay

Actions.

T50----- The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 65.

1768. which Reasons so filed, are to remain Records, free for the Inspection v- — v — j and Examination of all Persons who shall desire to see the fame, and that Provost Mar- upon Complaint, the fame or any of them be produced by the Provost-ftai to file ail Marshal-General here in Court, whenever any Order of the Court shall they maybe he made for that Purpose, that it may appear to the Court, that such Re-wTntedd when turn and Non-service or Non-execution, was not through the wilful De-fault. Neglect, Corruption or Connivance of the Deputy-Marshals, who otherwise ought to have served or executed the fame; and each and every Deputy-Marshal is hereby required to make Oath in the Supreme Court ‘ of Judicature, of the Truth of such Reasons, he shall add Return and express in Writing, with his particular Return of Process Tarde, Non ejl Inventus or Nulla Bona, to the Provost-Marshal-General here, on such Actions, Warrants, Scire Facias, Executions or Venditionies, as he shall have . had delivered or sent to him, and which he was not able to ferveor execute

for such Reasons so to be returned as aforesaid, in the same Manner, the Deputy’s Marshals make Oath of the Truth of the Returns of such Actions which are duly served,

Provost Mar- IV. Be it also enacted, That the Provost-Marshal-General here, for alphabeticalan l^ie Time being, shall keep a particular Book or Register of all Actions, legiiier oi ail delivered into his Office for service, and of all Bench Warrants and Warrants from the Chief Justice, or any other of the Justices of the Supreme Court, and the Attorney-General, and of all Writs whatsoever, Mesne or Judicial, in which the Names of the Defendants shall be first entered in an alphabetical Manner, and then the Names of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, together with the Day when such Action or Summons, Warrant or Writ was lodged in the said Office, which said Register is to be free and open for the Inspection of all Persons.

V. Be it enacted that the Provost-Marshal-General here, shall be paid and allowed as a Fee on executing every Bench Warrant, or Warrant of the Chief Justice, or any other of the Justices of the Supreme Court, or of the Attorney General, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, together with Mile Money at the Rate of One Shilling per Mile for the first Twenty Miles; and six pence per Mile for every Mile above Twenty.

VI. Be it enacted, That the Deputy Marshals in their several Districts do use their utmost Diligence in the legal and due Service and Execution of all Actions, Warrants, Precepts and Process whatsoever, that shall be delivered or sent to them by the Provost-Marshal-General here; and in Dej>"ty Mar- Cafe of any gross Neglect of their Duty, Default, Corruption or Conni-finedfomeg- vance in, or concerning the Non-service and Non-execution of the Pre-left- miles, the fame being made appear to the said Supreme Court against either

of them, the fame Court on Consideration had, shall in such Cases as shall be judged deserving of it, impose a Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every particular Offence, or dismiss such Deputy from his Service under the Provost-Marshal-General here, in that Capacity, and such De-' puty so dismissed, is hereby rendered incapable of serving as a Deputy-Marshal again, unless by the Permission of the Supreme Court first had and obtained and entered of Record by the Clerk of the Crown in the said Court.

VII. Be it enacted, That the Provost-Marshal-General here, deliver to

Fee on executing Bench Wai rants.

Provost M.tr-

a'li'ft of Crown Attorney-General and Receiver-General, the second Wednesday in, Actions to the every Supreme Court, a true lift of all Actions, Writs and Process lodged, neraTarrci Re- in His Office, with a Copy of the Return made to them in the said Court, ceiver General and of all Fines and Monies received by him, in which his Majesty and Wednesday in the Revenue of this Island are any ways interested or entitled, either in the the supreme whole or any Part thereof, and not before delivered into the Attorney-

Qenergl and Receiver-Generalv' VIII, Be

i-, w q

-a-

Act 65.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*5*

Vlil. Be it enacted, That wherever any Writ of Venditioni Exponas, 1768. shall be sued out and lodged with the Provost-Marshal-General here, and who thereupon causes the Debt or Damages therein mentioned or any Part of the same to be levied on the Negroes, Goods and Chattles of the Defendant according to the Exigence of such Writ, which levy may be subject and liable to prior Executions, lodged with the Provost-Marshal-General here, according to Laws of this Island the Provost Marshal General is hereby directed and required to make Return to the fame, either on the back of the fud Writ or in a Schedule to be thereunto annexed, of what Money in particular he has levied by Virtue of that Writ, and if there shall beany Writ or Wiits of Execmion and Venditioni lodged In his Office for the Satisfaction, whereof the Monies so levied on such Venditioni ought to be applied according to their legal Priority, that he in particular in the said Return set forth, all and every such Prior Executions and Venditiomes, expressing therein the Plaintiffs Names and the several Sums directed to be levied according to their respective Priorities, for which Return the said Provost-Marshal-General shall be paid or allowed the Sum of Five Shillings, and where any Person shall have lodged any Writ or Writs of Execution or Venditioni, in the 1 rovoft-Marshal-General’s Office here, and shall afterwards receive Payment or Satisfaction ^en^®neidt®^ for the Debts or Damages mentioned in such Writs or any part of the the Provost. fame from the Defendant, or any other Person on his Behalf, such Per- Marshal* son, his Substitute, or Attorney having authority to receive the faille, is hereby required in the space of Two Months after such Payment or Satisfaction, to certify the same to the Provost-Marshal-General here, wHt> shall enter the fame in his Books in Discharge of such Writ or Writs in part or in the whole according as such Payment shall be.

IX. And whereas, for want of proper Lifts of the Freeholders and others who are fit and qualified to serve on Juries in the said Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, and Courts of Assize, great Numbers of Persons who ought and by Law are liable to serve are never returned for that Purpose, whereby the fame is become a very unequal Duty, and frequently falls, more especially as to the Petit Jury, on many Persons who are incapable of such a Service from the straitness of their Circumstances, without Prejudice to their Families, and sometimes on such who are even under the Necessity of applying for Protections to enable them with Freedom to pass as Jurors in all Causes of the Crown, and between Party or Party* and to be determined in the said Courts, therefore for the Prevention thereof; Be it also enacted, That the Justices and Vestry c»erk^°rthe^ in every Parish where they are, and in those Parishes where there is rid ouet iifeofd* Vestry, the Justices; and in those Parishes where there are no Justices, the Vestry-men once every Year, viz. between the first Day of "January and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, cause an Exhibit Lift to be made by the Clerk of the Vestry or Clerk of the Peace, in any Parish where there is no Clerk of the Vestry attending them, of all Persons inhabiting in their respective Parishes, Freeholders and others (in which, the said Justices and Vestry-men are to be included) distinguishing the several Occupation, Profession and Offices, and each of them, in order that all Persons not exempted by Law, may be returned to serve on Juries; and to the Intent that the fame may be rendered a more equal Duty than it has hitherto been, and that the Justices and Vestry, and the Justices where there is no Vestry, and the Vestry-men where there are no Justices, subscribe such Lift, together with a Duplicate thereof, a^d that they transmit the fame with the Duplicate to the Chief-Justice of this Island, by the said Tvyenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, which Duplicates are to

bo

152

Act 65

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1768. be sent to the Provost-Marshal-General here, and the original Lifts or < — Duplicates thereof, to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the said Supreme Court, and after the Receipt of the said original Lifts or Duplicates,

‘ the Provost-Marshal-General here, is hereby directed and, required to form his Pannels of Jurors to be returned at every Supreme Court of Judicature or Courts of Assize, on the general Writs of Venire Facias dD reded him, in such Manner and Form as the Service on Juries may be . rendered as equal as may be to all Persons so to be returned in the Lifts and Duplicates thereof as aforesaid.

X. And whereas, divers Persons have set Up Pretentions under sundry Commissions and Appointments to Offices, and also under Pretence of having heretofore served and executed the fame, to be exempted froth serving on Juries; Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Person

cepti-d.S whatsoever, shall be exempted from serving on Juries on account of any

Commission or Appointment to any Office whatsoever, having heretofore executed the fame unless in such Cases, the Laws of that Part of Great Britain called England, authorise Exemption, the Members of his Majesty's Council for the Time being, or Persons who have executed the Office of Chief-Justice, only excepted.

XI. And whereas, the Provost-Marshal-General here, is bound by Law, on all Writs of Partition, to go in his own proper Person to the Lands, Tenements and Premises to be divided, to make such Partition iii Manner and Form as the Law requires, which from the Extent of this Island is not pradicable for him to do, and when such Partition are made by his Deputies, the same are liable for that Reason to be set aside, to the great vexation of divers joint Tenants, and Tenants in Common, who have already sued for a Partition, or shall hereafter Sue for that Purpose j For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted, that all Partitions to be made by

fam'wuts of where the Provost-Marshal-General cannot attend in Person* pur-

Partition. suant to the Judgment in Partition and the Exigencies of the Writ that Jflfues thereon, that he shall appoint by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person residing in the Parish or near where the Lands; Tenements and Premises shall and do lie, to make Partition in his Place and Stead, between the Parties in the Presence of any one or more Justices of the Peace, who shall attend for that Purpose, at the Instanco and Request of either of the Parties between whom the said Partition is to be made, which Partition to be thereon made shall be good and effectual in Law, and final Judgment shall be given thereon, the Provost-, Marshal-General here returning such Writ with the Execution thereof specially to the Court, in the same Manner as if the Provost-Marshal-General here, had made such Partition thereon in his own proper Person.

XII. And be it enacted, That whosoever shall not do his Duty and comply with the Directions of this Act, or offend against the true Intent and of Meaning of the fame, shall for every such Offence forfeit Fifty Pounds to Dufy to forfeit his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors to be applied towards the contingent s°l‘ Charges of the Government and to be recovered by Information in the said

Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island.

XIII. And be it also enacted, That the Secretary of this Islanddocause this Act to be printed as soon conveniently may be, and that he fend four Copies to the Custos or Chief Magistrate of every Parish in this Island, four Copies to the Chief Justice, and_four Copies to the Provost Marshal General here, and that he be paid for the same out of the Surplus of any Fund or Founds unappropriated for .raising Money for the contingent Charges of the Government o| this Island.

r , ' r

I J

Acr 65, 06, 67. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

J5i

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act and every Thing therein con- 1768. tiiicd, ill 11 be and continue in force, from the patting thercoi for the — — Term of i ive Years no longer.

r'T? *'?•» rfr rC-i r^» r^i S*' Hfn e3 4* *4* *4* 'fl *0« *3* f*

an Act for Jett Png mutual Debts one agaijijl the other.

1769.

Passed 24th I Novt mber.

\\/ II ERE AS the setting mutual D.bts one against the other is Act 66.

f highly jiill and reusonable; Be it enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly c f this his Majelfv’s Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby e .added and ord i ici by the Authority aforesaid, That fr >m .md fter t.ie pjn.ng of ti'is Act, where there are mutual Debts between the Plaintiff and Defend mt, or if either Party sue or be sued as Executor or Admini-flr.itor, where there are mutual Debts between the Tefbitor or Intedate, and cither Party, one Debt 111a) be let against the other, and such Matter be given in Evidence upon the General Issue, or pleaued in Bar as the Nature of the Cafe 111 ill require.

[General Issue.]

11. Provided, the manner herein after prescribed and set forth be observed so as at the d ime of his Pleading the General Issue, where any fuel Debt of the Plaintiff, his Testator or Intellate is intended to he in- Notice t-be filled on in Evidence, Notice shall be given of the particular Stim or fum" j^endea Debt so intended to be infilled on, and upon .wiiat Account it became tobeiuMedou due, or otherwise such Matter shall not be allowed in Evidence upon such

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where either the Debt for which the Action hath been or shall be' brought,* or the Debt intended to be set against the fame, hath accrued Jjdgmenyo dr fli .11 accrue by Reason of any Penalty contained in any Bond or Spe- ,0 more than cialiry, the Debt intended to be set off shall be pleaded in Bar, in which aPPe,s Jueo»

Tii n . . r ’ the ballance.

rlea shall be shewn how much is truly and justly due on either Side; and in Case the Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action or Suit, Judgment shall be entered for no more than shall appear to be '♦ uly and justly due to the said Plaintiff, after one Debt being set against the other as-

aforesaid.

An Act to repeal two everal AEls of this If and one intitled,?^'*

J J ' December.

An Act appointing Commissioners for ordering and inspect-- , hi2 the Works in and about the Forts, Fortifications and

i

Barracks in and about this Island; the other intitled, An Act to add Commissioners to those already appointed for carrying the Works in &nd about the Forts, Fortifications and Bariacks of this Island, and to those already appointed , for Building, Finishing and Repairing the Public Edifice in St. fa go . de la Vegd; and for appointing Commissioners for the Forts, fortifications and Public Buddings.

V

'*.54

r-

; 1769-

Commissioner*

appointed.

No Money to be paid but by order under the hands of the Commis' fioneis.

- The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 67.

paTTed in One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight, and the other intitled. An Act to add Commissioners to those already appointed for carrying \the Works in and about the Forts, Fortifications and Barracks of this Islana, and to those already appointed for Building, Finishing and Repairing the Public Edifice in St. Jago de la Vega; passed in One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-nine, have not answered the Purposes for which the fame were intended, by Reason of the Commissioners named in one of the said Acts not being the fame, as in the other and those named being at too great a Distance from the Place generally appointed for the meeting of such Commissioners, whereby the Public Business is often obi ftrudted; To Remedy which Evil for the future. We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do mofl humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That both the said Acts, and every Clause, Matter and Thing in them contained, be and Hand and are hereby repealed.

II. And whereas it is absolutely necessary that Commissioners should be authorised and appointed to inspect the Forts, Fortifications, Barracks, Edifices and Public Buildings in this Island, and to order the repairing and making Additions unto the Forts, Fortifications, Barracks, Edifices and all other Public Buildings already erected and built, and to erect and build such others as may be thought necessary to be erected and built, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that his Excellency the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, the honorable John Scott, William Wynter, Archibald Sinclair, Thomas Iredell, Rose Herring May, William Patrick Brown and Thomas Gordon, Esquires, Members of his Majesty's Council, the honorable Philip Pinnock, Speaker of the Assembly, the Speaker of the Assembly for the Time being. Sir Charles Price, Baronet, James Lewis, Hampfon Thomas, Jasper Hall, Thomas French, Simon Taylor, Digby Dennis, Lewis Cuthbert, James Crean, James Prevost, Charles Palmer, Thomas Brooks, William Hafield, Charles Seymour, Daniel Moore, Stephen Richard Redwood and Malcolm Laing, Esquires, be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners, and they or any seven of them, one of the Council and three of the Assembly being always part of that Number, are hereby authorized and empowered jointly with his Excellency the Governor, or the Governor and Commander in Chief for the Time being, to order the repairing and the making any Additions to the Forts or Fortifications, Barracks, Edifices and other Publick Buildings that are already built, and to compleat and finish such other Fortifications, Barracks, Edifices and Publick Buildings as are already begun, and to erect any others that may hereafter be directed to be buiit in this or any future Sessions of Assembly, and they are hereby also authorised and empowered to make Contracts with Workmen, or others for Materials, Wormanship and Labour, and to hire or purchase Negroes for the repairing, carrying on and finishing the same.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Money shall be i/Tued or paid out of the Funds already granted, or to be granted for the Use of the Forts, Fortifications, Barracks, Edifices and Public Buildings at Saint Jago de la Vega, Fort Augufia, Port-Royal or Rock-Fort, but by Order under the Hands of his Excellency the Governor, or the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, being jointly with the said Commissioners or any seven of them (one of the Council and three of the Assembly being always Part of that Number.)

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any seven of them (one of the Council and three of the

Assembly

Act 6 7, 68. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*55

Assembly being always Part of that Number) shall have full Power and 1769. Authority, jointly with his Excellency the Governor, or the Governor

and Commander in Chief for the Time being to order the Digging up and carrying away Sand or Earth, and collecting, blowing up, or carrying away Stones for the Use of the said Fortifications and Public Buildings, out of the Lands of any Persons whatsoever, making the Proprietors £roPr^for* a reasonable Compensation for the fame, as also for any Damages or In- compensation jury that may arise to such Proprietor or Proprietors by Reason or Means of the Digging up of Sand or Earth, or collecting or blowing up Stones;, of them, or carrying away such Materials.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners herein before appointed shall not lay out or expend more Money, upon the said Fortifications and Public Buildings, than shall be

§ ranted f oni Time to Time, by the Assembly for the Use of the said 'unifications and Public Buildings.

V. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this con^,3ree Act and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained shall be and Act. continue in Force from the Pafling thereoif ior and during the Term of Three Years and no longer.

An Act to explain and amend part of an Act, intitled> An Act p Member to encourage Colonel Cudjoe and Captain £>uawf and the several Negroes under their Command in Trelawny and Crawford Towns, and all other Towns of Rebellious Negroes, who have submited to Terms, to pursue and take up Runaway Slaves, and such Negroes as continue in Rebellion; and for remedying some Inconveniencies in the Laws already made for that Purpose.

• , 1

WHEREAS the Encouragement by an Act, intided, An Act to ACT 68.

encourage Colonel Cudjoe and Captain Quaw, and the several A>-groes under their command in Trelawny and Crawford Tom s, and all other Towns of Rebellious Negroes, who have submitted to Terms, to purjue and take up Runaway Slaves, and such Negroes as continue in Rebellion; anu jor remedying some Inconveniencies in the Laws already made jor that I urpose has been greatly abused, and the good Intent thereof almost wholly defeated* for Remedying whereof. We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majest/’s Bland of Jamaicat most humbly beftech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly* a. d it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy, all Runaway Slaves who shall be taken by any wild Negro or Negroes, shall be by him or them conveyed within five Days to the next Magistrate, in the Parish where such Runaway Slave or Slaves shall be taken, which said Magistrate is hereby authorized to determine how much Mile Money the wild Negro or Negroes taking up such Runaways shall be entitled to, and grant a Certificate thereof as is herein after directed; and instead of the Reward of ^hree Pounds directed to be paid by the above recited Act, for every Runaway Slave or Slaves

.1769- Slaves delivered to said Magistrate by any wild Negro or Negroes, such v- — wild Negro or Negroes Shall be only irttitled to Two Pounds, or such T«rtcejve part thereof hs to the said Magistrate Shall Seem meet, with Mile Money; fety nuihigs at tjle rate of Seven Pence Halfpenny per mile, from the Place where the

and Ml e ino- - ., r. . ' r . n , ,< t

ney, niftoad of laid Runaways appear to the said Magistrate to have been taken, to the thiee pound. piace where the said MagiStratemay.be when such Runaway Slave or Slaves Shall be produced to him; which said Reward and Mile Money Shall be certified under the Hand of the Magistrate, to the Owner or Owners of such Runaway Slave or Slaves, if the said Magistrate Shall know him, her or them, and the said Owner or Owners upon such Certificate, being produced, is hereby obliged to pay to such wild Negro or Negroes, the Money therein specified, with Mile Money at the rate of Seven Pence Halfpenny per mile, from the Place where such Certificate may happen to be dated to the Place of Residence of the Said Owner or Owners, or Settlement to which said Runaway Slave or Slaves may belong, and every Owner or Owners who Shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, shall incur the Penalty of double the Sum Such wild Negro or Negroes Shall he so intitled to for‘every such neglect or refusal; and the better to prevent any Dispute which may arise between such Owner or Owners, and such wild Negro or Negroes about the Payment of said Reward and Mile Money herein before directed to be paid to Said wild Negro or Negroes, such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons, liable to pay the same, are hereby directed, obliged and required, to make Payment thereof in the Prelence of some white Person, who is to certify the fame on the Back of the said Certificate, and in Case such Payment Shall not be made in the Presence of some white Person as aforesaid, and Complaint made thereof by such wild Negro or Negroes to the said Magistrate or any other of the Parish or Precind where such runaway Slave or Slaves were taken up, such Magistrate Shall fuminon such Owner or Owners, or such other Persons toappear before him, atthe Time and Place appointed, by such Summons, and if it Shall appear to the said Magistrate, that the said Reward and Mile-money has not been fully paid to such Wild Negro-or Negroes, or that the Party summoned, and Oath made thereof, by the Person serving the Warrant, do not appear, the said Magistrate is hereby v ahthorised and required under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to issue his

Warrant, and direct the same to any Constable or Marshal to distrain on Owners re- the Goods of the said Owner or Owners, and the fame, or So much there-luftn«sto?ffue °£ as w^‘ Satisfy and pay the ‘•um due to the said Wild Negro or Negroes warrants and to fell at Public Outcry, first giving five Days Notice of such Sale at the goo'ds' &c most Public Place in the Parish, where such Goods are distrained; and for the Constables trouble in distraining or Selling such Goods', he Shall retain Two Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound, out of the Money ar.ling from such Sale, besides all reasonable Charges in executing said Warrant, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the said Owner or Owners; and in case the Magistrate Shall not know or be informed who the Owner or Owners of such Runaway Slave or Slaves Shall be, or the Owner if known. Shall reside at an inconvenient distance, such Magistrate Shall certify to the next Marshal, the Sum due to the said wild Negro or Negroes in-Manner and Form as is above directed to be done to the Owner or Owners of such Runaway Slave or Slaves, and the said Marshal is hereby directed and obliged to pay to such wild Negro or Negroes, the Sum or Sums mentioned in the said Cretificate with Mile Money, at the rate of Seven Pence Halfpenny per mile, from the Place the said Certificate may han-pen to be dated, to the Place of the Marshal’s Residence, and if the,fa I Marshal shall riegled For refuse' to pay such wild Negro or Negroes, tue

Sum

Act 6b, 69.

157

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Sum he or they may be intitled to, under this Act, the said Marshal shall 1769. be liable to pay, and be proceeded against in the same Manner as is herein before directed in case of any Owner or Owners neglecting or refuting to Jiay as is directed by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the jucigment of Sentence or Judgment passed by the said Justice or Justices in Manner the justices to Aforesaid, shall be conclusive without Appeal, any Thing in this or any 6 na‘ other Law to the Contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties in this Act mentioned, and not directed how to be recovered, shall be recovered in a'summary way before any Magistrate, one Moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs . nd successors, for and towards the support of tile Goverment of this Illaad, and the contingent Charges ti-ereof, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall fuc for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, that the said above recited act and all matters and things therein contained, and not hereby altered, shall con-tmue and be in full force to all intents and £>urpol'es whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Secretary ot‘ this Island, do within twenty days, cause the lame to be printed, and one copy to be transmitted to each Magistrate of each of the respective Parishes of this Island, and ten copies to the Provost-Marshal-General of this Island, and one copy to each Superintendant of the Negro Towns, within forty days after the passing of this Act, and for each of which, he shall be paid by the Receiver-General out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act for regulating the Fees of the Mafers of the High Court of Chancery of this If and.

Parted *jd of December.

WHEREAS an Act of this Island, entitled. An Act for regu- Act 69% lating Fees, hath regulated the Fees to be given to the Matters in Chancery in Part only.

II. And whereas, much Business is transacted before the said Matters, for which no Fees are established by Law, but the Fees are left arbitrary and discretionary, which has been, and may be attended with great Inconvenience to the Suitors of the said Court* for the Prevention whereof, for the future, and to settle and ascertain by Law the Fees to be by them taken, in Lieu of the present exorbitant Fees, We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject?, the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the several Matters of the High Court- of Chancery of this Island, shall from the passing of this Act, be paid and allowed, and have and receive the several Sums of Money herein after mentioned and directed to be paid, and received by them, as and for their Fees, viz. for an Affidavit or Oath to answer, One Shilling and Three- Fees appointed pence; for all other Affidavits, One Shilling and Three-pence; for his bJrthisLawt Attendance in taking the Examination of Witnesses, under and by Virtue of a Commission issuing out of the High Court of Chancery of this Island, in any Cause to them or either of them to be directed. Two Pounds Seven Shillings and Six-pence per Day; for copying and transcribing fair the Examination or Examinations of any Witness to be by them signed. One c VOL. II. R r Shilling

5$

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 6g.

1769.

\ 1 — J

Masters to make agi ee-ment for attending sale in the country.

Masters deni ruling more fees than allowed. to forfeit 500l. and rendered incapable of holding any Place of Trull.

Mnftcvs allowed no commWfions on sales,

Shilling and Three-pence per sheet, containing twelve Words in a Line, and twenty Lines in a sheet; for every Warrant or Summons for the Parties to attend before him. Five Shillings; and for every Certificate, signed by such Matter, Five Shillings; for every Day the said Matter shall attend, at the instance of either of the Parties, or their Sollicitor, to take and settle the several Accounts directed by the said Court, and for other Business to be done and transacted before him by Virtue of such Order, Two Pounds Seven Shillings and Six-pence; for taking the Examination of Witnesses before him at the Instance of any of the Parties, or any of their Sollicitors, by Virtue of any Decretal Order of the said Court, made in any Cause to him directed, Two Founds Seven ShJbngs and bix-pence per Day; for every Exhibit or Voucher to be marked or signed by him, and referred to by any Examinations, taken bifo ehirn. Two Shillings and Six-pence; for drawing the draft of his Rep' rt to be laid before the Parties or their Sollicitors, One Shilling and Three-pence per ttieet, containing twelve Words in a Line, and twenty Lines in a sheet; and for a fair Copy thereof to be returned to the Court, at and after the fame Rate and Price; for a fair Copy of the said Report, if required thereto by the Parties or their Sollicitors, One Shilling and Threepence per sheet, containing twelve Words in a Line, and twenty Lines in a sheet; for Copies of Accounts to contain twenty Lines in a side, twelve Words in a Line, besides the Columns for Dates and Sums, One Shilling and Three-pence; for their Trouble in attending the Sale of any Lands, Slaves or other Premisses by Virtue of and under any Order or Decree of the said Court, Four Pounds Fifteen Shillings, for each Day’s Attendance, on such Sale, in any of the three Towns of Saint Jago de la Vega, Kingston and Port-Royal, over and above any travelling Expences such Matter may be put to, in going from the Place of his A^ode to either of the said Towns; but in cale it shall be necessary for any such Matter to go from any of the said Towns, to any part in the Country, at the desireof either of the Parties, who shall be interested in such Sale, such Master shall be at Liberty to take and receive from such Person or Persons who shall desire such Sale to be made in the Country, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be agreed to be paid to him for such his Trouble; for taxing a Bill of Cotts, One Pound Three Shillings and Nine-pence.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in cife the Master or Masters of the High Court of Chancery of this Island, from and after the passing of this Act, on any Pretence whatsoever, presume to ask, take, demand or receive, any greater or other Fees, Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward, save what is herein before prescribed, all and every the said Matter or Matters so asking, demanding, taking or receiving, shall for every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, Current Money of Jamaica, one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety thereof,' to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the fame, and be further incapacitated to bear any such Office, or Place of Trust.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Matters, any or either of them, where any Sale or Sales are directed to be before a Matter, such Matter shall not be intitled upon such Sale or Sales of such Purchase, to any Sum or Sums of Money whatever for Commissions, or for his Trouble in lieu thereof; but shall be intitled to such Fees only, for his attendance at such Sales, as is herein before mentioned, any. thing in this, or any other Acct, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, IV. And

Act 69.

The LAWS oh JAMAICA.

J5 9

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all 1769. and every Clause and Clauses, (particularly enumerating Fees only) in any former Act or Acts for regulating Fees, lo far as relates to any Fees ^Uformer to be taken by the Mailers of the said Court of Chancery, shall be, and are Fees repealed, hereby Repealed, Annulled, and made Void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any thing in such former Act or Acts, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ma(?ersat_ said several Masters of the said Court of Chancery, shall give his and tendance deem their Attendance on all Days by him or them appointed to transact: or fweTve'in carry < n any Business, which shall be by the said Court referred to him, the forenoon, at his Office from Nine to Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon of such Days, and that the Days Attendance for which he is to be paid by Virtue of this Act, for Business to be by him iranladled shall be so paid to him in Proportion to the Time he so fits and transacts Business, to be com- . puted in the Manner aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a List of Fees to Table of the above mentioned Sums allowed as Fees to the said Masters J,ehau^eei^l,o^e be affixed and kept up in the moil Publick Place of the Office of the Re- fice. giiter of the Court ol Chancery of this Island, within Sixty Days next

after the passing hereof by the Register of the said Court, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, Current Money ol Jamaica.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in B;iIs to be case of any Dispute between the Mailer and the Parties, or their Sollicitors taxed by th* relative to their Demands for Coils to be paid to them, the Bill of such ^so^Vpote* Mailer shall be referred to the Register of the said Court, to be taxed sub-

jedt to the further Orders of the said Court, according to this Law.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for Taxation of such Taxation, the Register shall be allowed the Sum of One Pound Three Shillings and Nine-pence* and no more. Piftoie.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act before mentioned, shall be recovered by Forfe^iresjn Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in the Supreme Court of recoverable. Judicature of this Islands wherein no ElToin, Imparlance, Wager of

Law or Injunction shall be granted, or Non viilt ulterius prosequi be entered or allowed, one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him, her or them who shall sue for the fame, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island, do within Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, cause this Act to be printed, and one copy thereof lent to his Excellency the Governor, and one copy thereof to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly, one copy to each of the Masters in Chancery, and one copy to the Register of the said Court of Chancery; the Charges whereof, the Receiver-General or the Receiver-General for the Time

is to pay out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

XI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, shall continue and be in Force from the passing hereof, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-two, and no longer.

being.

-4

160 The LAWS of JAMAICA, Act 6o5 70.

1769.

XII. And whereas, the Sum of Two shillings and Six-pence is allowed by this Act to the said Matters for every Exhibit imde before them, in Exhibits par- any Cause; it is hereby declared, that thereby is memt only such Exhibits llhidi'whe as are mat^e Pr0°fi when aCause shall be at Comm ffion before such Maf-paid for. te-s, or any Account exhibited before them, on Reference, and not to any .Receipts or Vouchers which may be produced to prove the Authenticity of such Accounts.

"Pmbei f Fl?i ^Idl for establishing the Fees of the Clerk of tie Supreme Court of "Judicature of this If and^ and establishing the Fees of the Chief-Justice and Attornies o?t all judicial TVrits.

Act jo. \\ J HERE AS many Fees by Virtue of and under Rules and Order$ made in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, have been taken by the Officers thereof, tho’ not warranted by Law, and some of the Records of the said Court for want of proper Fees being allowed the Clerk thereof, have never been entered up, and many of them have been loll: and othei s have been scattered about promifcuoudy, to the great Damage of the Suitors of the said Court; for Remedy whereof, Weyour Majesty’smost dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council and Affiembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this his Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Clerk of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island for the Time being, refidinghe^e,

• ' and officiatingas such, shall from and after the passing of this Act be p- id and allowed, and have and receive the several Sums of Money herein after mei tioned anddirededtobe paid unto, and received by him, as and for the Fe^s Lut cf Fees of the said Office, and no more, viz. For Warrants of Attorney that shallor LawTdbythlS may be filed in each Cause, as hath been usual. Seven Pence Halfpenny* current Money of this Island; for Writs of Summons, Arrests, Replevins, Subpoenas and foreign Attachments, One Shilling and Threepence each; fora Venire Facias, Seven Pence Halfpenny in each Action, [brought for the Supreme Court of Judicature, and no more, and that no ‘Venire Facias is or shall be taxed or allowed for any Action to be had or tried at any of the Assize Courts of this Island; for filing a Declaration and attesting a Copy thereof annexed to the Writ, Two Shillings and Six-pence j for a Bond for foreign Attachments and Replevins, Two Shillings and Six-pence each; for each Common Plea or Appearance, One Shilling arid Three-pence; for a continuance of an Action each Court, Seven Pence Halfpenny; for a Rule to lay by. One Shilling and Three pence; provided, that no more than one Fee for such Rule shall be allowed the Clerk of the Court in any Cause in one and the fame Court; for receiving and publishing every Verdict upon any Assessment of Debt or Damages by the Jurors, Seven Pence Halfpenny; for entering up and recording each Judgment with the Pleadings in the several Actions and Suits of the said Courts, Five Shillings, and no more; and for Copies of the fame, to be attested by the Clerk of the said Court, to be paid for in like manner; for a Writ of Habeas Corpus, Copy of an Order of said Court, attested by the said Clerk, Writ of Execution, Writ of Venditioni, Writ of Withernam and Scire Facias, each Two Shillings and Sixpence; for a Writ of Extent, Possession, Seizure, Restitution or Dower, «ach Five;shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny ;* for a Commission of Reference

Act 70.

161

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

ferrncc to Auditors, Five shillings , for filing every Declaration in the said 1769* Court, during the setting thereof, Two shillings and Six-pence; for every

special Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer and Joinder in Demurrer, ligned by Council, Two shillings and Six-pence; for every Default marked on the Declaration, One shilling and Three-pence; for every Retraxit, Dif-continuunce or Non-suit, One shilling and Three-pence, to be paid for by the Attorney of the Party entering or suffering the fame on or before the first D .y of the succeeding Court; for a Bill of Costs taxed by the said Clerk, One {billing and Three-pence; for filing Recognizances and Affidavits in the said Court, each One shilling and Three-pence; for all other Writs issuing out of the said Court, Two shillings and Six-pence; for entering Satisfaction upon Record in the said Clerk's Office, or Su~ perfedeas. Two shillings and Six-pence; for entering up and recording the Schetne or Plan affixed to the Provost-Marshal's Return to every Writ of Partition, and of Dower, afiand after the rate for every Division or Af-iigument made by the Provost-Marshal, Two shillings and Six-pence, aaid no more; and for entering and recording the Scheme of Plan affixed to a Surveyor’s Return upon a Writ of View, or to an Order of the Court to run the lines of Land in dispute in any Cause, the Sum of Two shillings and Six-pence for every Plat, provided that the whole exceed not Three Pounds, that shall be therein delineated, described and let down, and no more; all which said several Schemes or Plans shall be fairly written and entered with the several Judgments therein, or in a seperate Book with proper References to the Judgments as shall be found mod: convex nient; and for each Search to be made in the said Office, One Shilling and Three-pence, except such Search be made by the Attorney for any particular Action, Writ or Judgment where his Name is upon, Record, or by such other Attornies as shall be appointed for the Plaintiff or Defendant, all which said Fees shall from Time to Time be taxed by the said Clerk to the Attornies and infected as part of their taxed Cods in each Action and Suit; and in case any Dispute shall arise between the Attornies and the Clerk of the said Court, the same shall be heard before and adjuded and deterniined by any two of the Judges of the Supreme Court upon due Notice given.

II. And whereas, the said Clerk of the said Supreme Court is laid under very large Penalties if he does not dridtly comply with his Duty in this Aci mentioned, that no Provision is made to compel the Suitors of the said Court, in whose Favour such Judgment or Judgments are given, or the Attorney or Attornies of the said Court who appear upon Record, if such Judgment or Judgments for the Suitor or Suitors in whose Favour clerk of the the fame is or are given, to the Payment of the Fees due to the said Clerk Cou.tmiy re* of the said Supreme Court upon such Judgment or Judgments, by Reason writ^untf whereof the said Clerk labours under great Difficulties, and is rendered his Fees at® incapable of supporting and carrying on his Office, and the Business thereof, l'aid* as is required by this Act, without great Loss tofiimfelf; In order therefore to enable the said Clerk of the said Court to collect in and receive the Monies due, or to grow due and owing to the said Clerk forhis Fees efL-blished by this Act, and to enable him to carry on the JBufiness of the said Court according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Suitor and Suitors, or the Attorney or Attornies for such Suitor or Suitors in the said Supreme Court of Judicature, before he, she or they, or his, her or their Attorney or Attornies take out of the Office of the said Clerk of the said Court any Execution or Executions, or any other Wtits founded on'any Judgment or Judgments by them or any VOL. IL S f of

Act 70.

262

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1709.

Oiei *. of the (-cuit to entei on every Judgment the Pees due to him.

Clerk of the

Coui t to forfeit aool. for neglt&ofco n» plying with

this Act.

of them obtained in the said Court, or on any former judicial Writ, if any such have been issued on such Judgment, shall settle and pay unto the said Clerk all such Sum or Sums of Money as (Hall be jufllydue and owing to him from them, or either of them, as for his lawful Fees given and' allowed to him by this Act, upon such Judgment or Judgments, Writ or Writs, if the said Clerk shall ask or demand the fame; and in case any such Stiitor or Suitors, Attorney or Attornies final 1 refuse to pay the same, the said Clerk may refuse signing or ilfuing any such Writ or Writs of Execution or Executions or any other judicial Writ or Writs, or to suffer the same to be stamped with the Seal of the Office of the said Court, until such Suitor or Suitors, Attorney or Attornies, shall absolutely pay and fafisfy him for the fame, any Matter or Thing herein contained, or any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always nevertheless. That the said Clerk of the said Court shall immediately after any Judgment or Judgments are obtained in the said Supreme Court, make out and enter upon every such judgment or Judgments, or in a Book to be by him kept for that Pur^ofe, a fair and just Account of the particular Fees which shall be due to him as Clerk as aforesaid upon every such Judgment, and the Proceedings thereon had, and deliver a copy of the same to such cuitor or Suitors, Attorney or Attornies as shall apply for such Writ or Writs of Execution or other judicial Writs, in order that the fame be paid, that the Suitor or Suitors may not be delayed from issuing the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk of the said Court shall neglect or delay to make out and alcer-tain such his Fees upon any Judgment or Judgments to be obtained in the said Court as aforesaid, and enter the fame upon the said Judgment, or in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, immediately after such Judgment or Judgments shall have been obtained, that then the Suitor or Suitors, or the Attorney or Attornies of the said Court shall not be prevented or delayed by Reafoft thereof, from taking out and issuing such Writ or Writs of Execution or other Writs, and in that case if the Clerk of the Court shall refuse to sign, seal and deliver such Writ or W'its of Execution or other Writs on Judgments, wherein he hath neglected to make out and ascertain such his Fees, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, to such Suitor or Suitors, Attorney or Attornies of the said Court, applying for the fame, such Clerk of the Court so offending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit to the Party aggrieved, the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Imparlance, Wager of Law or Inj undtion shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius Prosequi entered, any Thing in this, or any other Law to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding; which said Penalty shall be sued for and recovered by the Party aggrieved : And in case the Clerk of the said Supreme Court of Judicature officiating here as such, shall neglect to enter up and record the several Proceedings and Judgments of each Court respectively, within five Months from the commencement of each Court, in which such Judgments shall be respectively given, such Clerk of the Court so offending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit to the Party aggrieved, the Sum of One Hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or otherwise, in the said Supreme Court, by and to the Use of the Party aggrieved; and to the Intent that no Person be imposed upon or obliged to pay any greater or other Fees than what are herein before mentioned, expressed and set down. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a fair written Table of

the

i63

Act 70. . The LAWS of JAMAICA.

the Fees allowed and established by this present Act, to be taken in the 1769.

said Clerk of the Court s Office in this Island, shall be constantly and pub- '-----. — j

lickly kept, and in caie the said Cle;k of the said Supreme Court shall CIeik.of the neglect or delay within forty Days after the passing of this Act, to fix and Cou.ttop.it set up a Table of his Fees, and to continue the fame in his Office as they JuJISKIf! are hereby settled and established, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two Hun- fice* aliftof dred Pounds, current Money of "'Jamaica, to be recovered in the Supreme ec*'

Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt or otherwise, one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the fame; and in case the said Clerk of the said Supreme Court, or any other Person for him, shall on any Pretence whatsoever presume to alk, demand or receive any greater or other Fees;

Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward, save what is herein before preferred, the said Clerk of the Supreme Court, or any Person for him so asking, demanding, taking or receiving, shall for every such Offence, respectively, forfeit the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, current Money of Jamaica, to be recoveced by Action of Debt or othervwfe, in the said Supreme Court of Judicature, wherein no Essoin, Imparlance, Protection,

Wager of Law or Injunction shall be allowed, one Moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, the other Moiety to the Party aggrieved, or to him or them that shall sue for the fame, and be further incapacitated to bear any such Office or Place of Trust.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and ciauftsreiat-every Clause and Clauses in an Adol this Island, entitled. An Act for regulating Fees, passed in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hun- repealed, dred and Eleven, particularly relating to or in any wise concerning the respective Fees of the Clerk of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and of

all and every Clause or Clauses wherein any Penalty or Penalties thereby inflicted on him for the Breach of any part of the said Law, shall be and are hereby repealed, annuled and made void to all Intents and Purposes, any Thing herein contained, or in any former Act:, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every other Respect, the said Act, entitled, An Act for regulating Fees, passed in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eleven, and every Clause, Article, Matter and Thing therein contained, is hereby declared to be in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had never been made, any Thing in this or any other Act of this Island, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all PeraIt;esre. Penalties in this Act mentioned, and not declared where and how they coverage in shall be recovered, shall be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature court!3" of this Island, Ty Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein

no Essoin, Imparlance, Wager of Law or Injunction shall be granted, or 'Non vult ulterius Prosequi be entered, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there Attomiesai-shall be allowedTo every Attorney, on taking out any Writ of Execution, J^engS0uton Venditioni Exponas or other judicial Writ, the Sum of Five Shillings; Writs of Ven-which shall be taxed and inserted in the Body of the said Writ, together ditiom* with the other Costs, and also that the Chief-Justice shall receive his usual

Fee on, all Writs of Execution, IX. And

t

V I

O

H

vj

o

o

crj'

t -

o

Jrj-

o -

y^/7 Act to encourage Perfim to keep Vessels for transporting Goods about this Jftaud, 'and to p?._,

Abuses being coimmtted by the Masters or Commanders of such Feffels) and to regulate Wharfuige and others Shipping such Goods.

> ' 1 I s

, ( f i

WHEREAS it will conduce greatly to the Benefit of Trade, and to the Advantage and Convenience of the Inhabitants of this Island, to be supplied regularly with Goods, and to have the Produce of their Plantations brought to Market, for the Encouragement therefore of such Persons as shall keep Sloops, Schooners or other,proper Vessels, to be employed for thefie Purposes, Be it enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this his Majesty.’s Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may he lawful for every Person keeping any Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel, for the transporting Goods from one Port to another ;about'this Island, to ask, demand and receive for the Transportation of Goods, a freight, according to the following Rates, 'any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

L [

From Kingston to the following Out-Ports, or from them to Kingston.

<3,

I. e i 1 i. : r ‘ (i ' ' •* ~; t - 1 - , 2 »s sTo Tierces Barrels 0, H r* Hoes and Bills' per Dozen Small Bundles Ginger per\ Ct or Ba%

u, \ . L. ‘ 1. s. d. q. s. d.q s. d s. d.q. s. d. q. d. q. s d. q

► Old Harbour 5c Peak. Bay A^ithy.wobd and Milk River Jialt-River k - v'7 6 3 9 2 6 I 3 7,2 7 21 0

8 9 3 9 2 6 i 3 7'2 7 2 I 0

8 9 3 9 2 6 x 3 72 7.2 'i O

' Slack-River - i 12 6 5 °' 3 9 1 102 1 3 7 2 i 3

WHite-House -1 - 15 0 7 6 3 9 1102 1 102 72 i 3

> Westmoreland i y Hogsheads. 18 9 1 2 6 10 0 5 0 2 6 r 10 2 t 1 721 102 , 1

Hanover and all Northlide Puncheons Shingles per M. 17 6 100 10 0 5 0 2 6 1 2 6 1 '3 9 1

lorant-Bay - - 1 8 9 . 5 0 3 9 1 102 i 3 .721 0

/ort-Morant l - -' - 10 0 ? 0 3 9 1102 ] r 102 7; 2 x 0

Y Bay - : 8 9 4 si 3 J 2 ? J 7 2 7 2 1 °^.

Cotton per Ct. «5 So k. . ‘-u ? «•» f’ P ~<s Oznaburgs per piece Large Bundles Boards Cf Planks per M. I- i

s. d i] 5. d. q S. d. i. d e <. d. S. d C] s.

• 2 6 l 10 2 25 0 I 3 1 3 20 0 1 J

3 9 2 C 25 O 1 3 1 2 23 1 2 2

3 9 2 6 25 O I 3 1 3 2 3 1 2 2

4 4 2 3 1 2 30 0 1 102 1 3 25 0 3

4 4 2 3x2 33 9 1 102 1 3 25 0 3

4 4 2 3 1 2 35 0 1 1C 2 1 3 27 6 3

5 0 3 9 40 0 3 12 2 6 35 0 3

3 9 f 1C 2 25 0 i 3 1 3 23 1 2 1 i

3 9 I 10 2 25 0 1 3 1 3 23 x 2 1 j

2 6 1 ? ?o 0 1 1 3 20 0 1

u

T9

0 6 6

1

o

vO

n

Cl_ >-•

- 3 pj

"CO.

n> u.

IN !;• n 2 = < O

rv n

t-ji O*

° O

» n>

O - " h-t-,

a> *-0

O o’ 2

*->-! O V *3-!-► O h — l O

~ S,

rt rji

>-5' rr CD ("> f~r

n> w x; a *i Q)

§ S.B I

V, o C. cr

p_ Jt "

a n

S-SS’S

• O Zj — I

§ g.l

O ° n

V. M

> P-

tit)

cv 2 H

3

2T CT

o

rH.

o^3 s:

•n D- oo

4-

o

cn

n

i=r

ro

’ tr

CO

o

: — I

> t — I

o

o

Vi

o

VI

H

Act 71.

x&5

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and 1769. may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Sloop, Sdiooner or other - J Veil'd, lo trading as aforesaid, or for the Mailer or Commander of such, Marten of in his or their Names, to detain out of any Parcel of Goods, he or they Veirpsniay^ Until bring from any of the Out-ports of this Island to the Town of King- until Freight /loiiy as much of the said Parcel of Goods as the Freight thereof shall PauL amount to, on the Refusal of the Consignee of the said Parcel of Goods,

to p ly the Freight, according to the Rates aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for fudi Owner or Owners, Mailer or Commander as aforesaid, to have the Goods so detained for Freight, valued by any Justice of the Peace for the said Town of Kingston, which Justice is hereby impowered and required to Value the said Goods accordingly, and that the said Owner or Owners, Mailer or Commander, may detain so much of the Value thereof, as shall pay the said Freight, and return the Overplus,

(if any) to the said Configuee.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for any Goods carried from Kingston to any of the Out-ports, or Shipping Places of this Island, it Audi and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of such Trading Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel, or for the Mailer or Commander of such, in libs or their Names, to demand and receive from the Shipper of the said Goods, after the Delivery thereof, according to the Tenor and Agreement of the Receipts or Bills of Lading, given for the said Goods at the Time of taking them on Board, the Amount of the Freight according to the Rates aforesaid; and on the Refusal of said Shipper to pay the said Freight, to apply or complain to any two Justices of the Peace for the Parish of; Kingston aforesaid, who are hereby impowered and required, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to hear such Complain:, and on due Proof thereof, to issue their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to.any sworn Constable of the said Parish, to dillrain on the Offender’s Goods, and them to fell at Public Outcry, first giving five days Notice of the Day of Sale : And the said Constable is hereby authorized to keep oue;Shilling in the Pound for his Trouble and Charges, out of the Monies arising from the Sale of such Goods; and the Overplus, (if any,) after Payment of the said Freight, he shall return to the Owner.

IV. And whereas, from the great Number of Out-ports, it is difficult to establish by Law, a regular and proper Freight for carrying Goods from one Out-port to another; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful fcr the Owner or Owners, Mailer or Commander of such Trading Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel, to agree with the Shipper of any Goods for the Freight thereof. From one Out-port or Shipping-place to another about this Island, and on the Landing them, or at any Time after, to demand and receive from the said Shipper, the Freight so agreed for, and on his refusal to pay the same, to apply or complain to any Magistrate of the Parish where such Shipper shall reside, who is hereby impowered and required, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to here such Complaint, and on due Proof thereof, to proceed in same Manner, by Warrant or Warrants under his .Hand and Seal, to distrain on the Offender’s Goods, as the Magistrates of Kingston are before directed by this Act in the like Cafe: And the Constables of such Parish, to whom such Warrant or Warrants are issued, are to proceed in the same Manner as the Constable of the Parish of Kingston is by this Act directed, and to be entitled to the fame Perquisite, for his Trouble and Charges in the Execution of his Office.

Act 71.

66

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1769.

V. And whereas many Inconveniences have arisen, and great Opportunities have been given, for Frauds to be committed, to the manifest Damage of the Planters, and other Inhabitants of this Island, from the irregular Manner in which Goods have been heretofore sent to the Out-ports, and the Weights, Measures, and Quantities of such Goods, not having been ascertained, and necessary Receipts or Bills of Lading for the fame taken; Be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant, Fadlor, Wharfinger, or other Person shipping Goods on any Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel, so to be employed as aforesaid from Kingston to any of the Out-ports of this Island, or from any such Out-ports to Kingston, or from any one Port or Shipping place to another, shall, and is hereby required to deliver all kinds of Goods by Weight, Guage, Measure, Quantity or Condition, to every Matter or Commander of such Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel, and to take two or more regular Receipts, or Bills of Loading for the lame, and one thereof, together with the Invoice of such Goods, to transmit to the Person or Persons, to whom such Goods shall be consigned, or to his or their Agent or Agents employed to receive the said Goods. And every Merchant, Fadlor, Wharfinger or other Person neglecting his or their Duty herein, shall forfeit the Value of such Goods as may be loll, through such his or their neglect. And every Master or Commander of such Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel, is hereby obliged and required to sign such Receipts of Bills of Loading as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Refufil.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no Merchant, Factor, Wharfinger, or other Person as aforesaid, shall unnecefiarily delay such M after or Commander to sign the same.

YU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons, keeping a public Wharf or Wharfs at Kingston, or any of the Out-ports of this Island, shall, and are hereby required to Weigh, Gauge, Measure, Count and Examine, according to their Quality, all Goods so shipped as aforesaid, and landed at his and their Wharfs, immediately on the Landing the said Goods, and to enter the fame, with their Weight, Gauge, Measure, Quantity and Condition, in their Wharf Books; which Books they are hereby obliged and required to keep. And every such public Wharfinger or Wharfingers, neglecting his or their Duty herein, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, for every such his or their Neglect. And the said Public Wharfinger or Wharfingers, are hereby authorized to Charge for their Trouble herein, according to the established Rates for weighing, guaging, measuring, or counting Goods, shipped or landed at their respective Wharfs as aforesaid. And all Wharfingers, or others employed in shipping Goods from this Island for Europe, are also hereby obliged and required to Weigh, Guage, Measure or Count such Goods, according to their Quality at the Shipping or Delivery of the fame, and to make regular Entries in their Books accordingly. MafttrstoVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the two or more Master or Commander of every Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel, so trad-ingforaiia " big as aforesaid, is hereby obliged and required to sign two or more Re-Goods received Ceipts or Bills of Lading, for all Goods which he shall receive on Freight at any of the Out-Ports or Shipping Places of this Island, to be carried to any of the Out-Ports or Shipping Places in the same Manner and under the fame Penalty as if such Goods were to have been carried from such Out-Port or Shipping Place to Kingston.

IX. And whereas, many and great Abuses have been committed by the Matters of Vessels carrying Goods on Freight about this Island, having

unnecefiarily

Act 71

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

167

unijt cell'uily llopped at many Ports, Bays, Harbours, Quays, Creeks or 1769. Shipping Places, and by their Delays thereat, and by having fold and disposed of for their own Advantage, Goods lo taken on Board, to the manifed Injury and Disappointment of the Person or Persons lor whom such Goods were intended, and by their having frequently landed Goods contrary to the Conditions of their Engagements; for Remedy whereof, be it luither emitted by the Authority aforesaid, that every Mailer or Commander oi; inch Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel, so Trading as aforesaid, shall clear out of the proper Offices every Time he shall fail from the Harbour of Kingston, in which Clearance shall Le let forth on Oath

the Port or several Ports, or Shipping Place or Places to which lie liaih

engaged to carry Goods on Freight, which Oath, the proper Officer of each respective Office is hereby empowered and required to administer:

And that no such Mailer or Commander shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, Hop at any other Port or v.Vn^stop Ports, Bays, Haihours, Quays, Creeks or Shipping Places, than that or those for which he shall have so cleared out as aforesaid, without hav- they are bound ing been first at such Port or Ports, Shipping Place or Places, so cleared ul'dTPc*

° , i r r \xr 1 , nalty of 50l.

out for, Strels ot Weather, or any other unavoidable Accident excepted, unavoidable And in case of any such unavoidable Accident, such said Mailer or Com- accidents excepted, or du*

mander shall, within Forty-eight Hours after his Arrival at any Port or poling of any Shipping Place, for which he had not cleared out, make a regular Pro- fcit^We tha* tell upon Oath before some MagiHrat.e, setting forth the Cause or Ne- value, ceffity of his putting into such Port or Shipping Place. And in order to prevent the wicked and fraudulent Practice of any MaHer or Commander felling or disposing of any Goods taken on Freight, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that any MaHer or Commander of a Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel so Trading as aforesaid, who shall sell or dispose of any Goods whatsoever taken on Board on Freight, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods so sold or disposed of, to the Person or Persons v/hose Property they were, to be recovered by Action of Debt in the Supreme Court of Judicature, or in either of the County Courts of this Island.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every MaHer or Commander of such said Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel, shall, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, land and deliver each and every Parcel of Goods carried by him on Freight, at such Port or Shipping Place as shall be specified in the Receipts or Bills of Lading, ligned or given for such Goods. And every such MaHer or Commander as aforesaid, who shall not land and deliver each and every Parcel of Goods, taken on Board on Freight, according to the Weight, Guage, Measure,

Quantity and Condition, by which he received the fame, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods as he may fail to deliver as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons whose Property they were, to be recovered by Action of Debt in the Supreme Court oi Judicature, or in either of the County Courts of this Island.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every MaHer or Commander of such said Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel, who shall lign Receipts of Bills of Lading, for Proof Rum, and shall not deliver it in the like good Order, shall forfeit double the then Market Price of Rum for every Gallon so shipped, and also the Value of the Calk or Calks in which it was contained, to be recovered in a summary way before any Ma-giHrate of the Parish where such Rum shall be landed, on Complaint of the Proprietor of such Rum, or his Agent or Fabbor : And the said Justice is hereby impowered and required, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to hear such Complaint, and to proceed in the same Manner as

the

i 86

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act

71

1769-

Mnfters of Vessels adulterating Wir.ts to foi ftit double the value of (licit Wini s adul-teiated.

Vessels cauy-ing Goods flbeut this Island to lie re-gillereilir the Naval office.

[Proviso.]

the Justices of Kingston are herein before directed; and the Condable of such Parish, to whom his Warrant shall be directed, shall proceed in the same Manner as the Constable of KingstGn is by this A<d directed, and be entitled to the fame Perquisite for his Trouble and Charges in the Execution of his Office.

XII. And whereas, a most pernicious Practice has prevailed, of adulterating Madeira, and other Wines, shipped in Pipes or other Casks, by-drawing off a Quantity, and filling up the said Pipes or Calks with Water; in order to prevent so great an Evil for the future; Be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid, That every Mailer or Commander as aforesaid, who 111all Spoil or Adulterate any Madeira or other Wines, which he shall take on Board his Vessel on Freight, by mixing any other Liquid therewith, or in any other manner whatsoever, shall for every Offence, forfeit double the Value of-such Pipe or other Calk of Wine; to be recovered in a summnry Way, before any Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, lor the Pari ill where such Madeira or other Wines where to be Landed, on the Complaint of the Proprietor thereof, or his Agent or Factor: And the said Justices are hereby impowered and required, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds each, to hear such Complaint, and to proceed as the Indices of Kingston are directed by this Act; and the Condable of such Parish to whom their Warrant shall be directed, shall also proceed in the same Manner, and be intitled to the fame Perquisite.

XIII. And the better tonfeertain what number of Vessels are kept and employed for the Purposes of this Act, and who are the Owners, Mailers or Commanders of such Vessels; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel, which shall be kept and employed to carry Goods about this Island on Freight, shall be Regillered in the Naval Officer’s Office oi this Island, in which Regider shall be set down the Name of such Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof, and also the Name of the Maher or Commander, who shall be a white Man, and such Sloop and Schooner or other Vessel, shall be also numbered in the said Regider, which Number shall be painted in some convenient Part of her Side open to Public View, in large Figures; and in case any Person or Persons shall presume to keep any such Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel for the Purposes aforesaid, without firdyRegidering her, and affixing the Number as aforesaid, as is directed and required by this A<ff, or shall put her.under the command of any Mulatto, Indian or Negro, he shall for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That no part of this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall be deemed or taken to extend to any Ship or other Vessel trading to this Idand, from other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, or to the Boats employed by the Inhabitants of Kingston or Port Royal, to fetch Plantains and other Provisions for the use of the said Towns; but they are all hereby declared to be without the Meaning and Intent of this Adf, and may transport Goods from Port to Port in their usual and accudomed Manner.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant, Vaftor, Wharfinger or other Person, receiving and delivering Goods at Passage-Fort, to be sent to and delivered at Kingston, and also all Goods which shall be delivered from Kingston, to be sent to Passage-'Fort, shall in like Manner have the Weight, Guage, t]VIeafure, Quantity and Condition thereof ascertained, as well on the Receipt as at the Delivery of the jfame, by such Merchant, Factor, Wharfinger or other Person, on pain of forfeiting the Value of such .Goods as may be lod or

A c r 71.

169

1 lie LAWS of JAMAICA.

deficient through his or their Neglect, and each and every Boatman, 1769* Mailer or Commander of each and every Veil'd carrying Goods on Freight — — J between Kingston and Pnjfage Fort, is hereby obliged and required, under the Penalty of Fi ty Pounds, to give or sign a Receipt or Bill of Lading f<»r Rich Goods as he or they shall receive on Boaid, and forfeit Treble the Va’ue of any inch Goods as he may Fil to Deliver, to be recovered in the Manner heretofore directed in this Act, in cates between Kingston and t’ e Our-ports., and every inch Boatman, Master or Comm nder who ill'll ii^n a Receipt or Bill of Lading for Proof Rum, to be carried from Pajl >ge-tut t to Kingston, and shall not deliver it in the like good Order, or fh .11 Spoil or AduPerate any Madeira or other Wines, to be canir J from Kingston to PaJJ'age-Fort, illal 1 be li ible to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, to be recovered against him or them in the dime Manner heretofore directed in this Act; in like Cafes between Kingston and the Out-ports. 1 {

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the time of War, the Mailer or Commander of every Sloop, Schooner or other VellV! lo Trading as aforesaid, may ask, demand and receive for Freight of all Goods, Fifty per Centum on the Sum allowed in the Table of Rates aforementioned.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties ;ind Forfeitures mentioned in this Act, and not declared how they shall be recovered or disposed oR shall be recovered in the Supreme Court of judicature, or in either of the County Courts of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protedliom or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered, any Law, Custorri or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding:

One Moiety whe>eof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, fir and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do within Thirty Days after the Palling hereof, cause this Act to be Printed, and three Copies thereof to be sent to his Excellency the Governor, one Copy to each Member of the Council and Assembly, and one Copy thereof to the Custos, and to each and every Magistrate of the respective Parishes of this Island, the Charges whereof shall be paid to him by the Receiver General, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force from the Palling thereof, for the Term Of Seven Years, and no longer.

i

y«;

VOL. II.

17°

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 72.

1769.

Parted ajd of December.

An Act for laying a Duty on Tonnage, and applying the same to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications, and for regulating the Duty of Gun-powder payable on Tonnage, by Virtue of an Act, intitled, An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island, and for reviving and perpetuating the A<5ls and Laws thereof; and to enable the Receiver-General to import and purchase Gun-powder under certain

Regulations.

O

Act

72,

What Duties to be paid by Vessels entering and clearing.

WHEREAS the keeping in repair the several Forts and Fortifications of this Island, will be a great Protection for the Shipping resorting thereto; In order therefore to encrease the Funds already appropriated for that Purpose, We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Hand of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of the said Hand, That a Duty of Six-pence per Ton, be paid to your Majesty* your Heirs and Successors, to and for the Use of the said Forts and Fortifications, by all Ships and Vessels that shall enter and clear in this Hand* that is to say; all Ships, Sloops and Vessels, commonly called Sugar Drogers, which are or strall be employed in the coasting Trade of this Hand, shall be paid once every Year, and by all other Vessels whatsoever that shall enter and clear out of this Hand, the said Duty of Six-pence per Ton, shall be paid every Voyage, (except foreign Vessels which shall or may arrive in this Hand, under an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain commonly called the Free Act) and for the better collecting the said Duty, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that e\ery Mailer of every Ship or other Vessel, at the Time of making Fntry of his Ship or other Vessel in the Receiver-General’s Office, shall also make Entry in Writing of the Quantity or Number of Tons his Ship or Vessels contains, p 'cording to the Register of such Ship or other Vessel, and shall immediately pay down the said Duty of Six-pence per Ton, to the Receiver-General or his lawful Deputy, and the said Ships, Sloops or Vessels trading in and about this Hand, shall the first Time they make Entry in the said Receiver-General’s Office, make such Entry of their Tonage as aforesaid, and pay down the Duty for the fame, and shall yearly and every Year after be charged with, and pay the said Duty of Six-pence per Ton.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of One Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, already appropriated for the Use of the Forts and Fortifications, in and by an Act, entitled. An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Success'orsy for the Support of the Government of this Island, and for reviving and perpetuating the Acts and Laws thereof; and the Monies that shall arise by the Duty on the Tonnage of Ships and other Vessels, shall be a general Fund, for keeping the Forts and Fortifications built in good and sufficient repair, and for compleating and finishing such other Forts ftnd Fortifications as are alreadyrb%un, to be issued by Warrant-under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Hand,

- with

Act 72. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 171

- J — i tm

with the Advice and Consent of the Council, and for no other Use 1769. whatsoever. —

III. And whereas, by an Act, entitled* An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island, and for reviving and perpetuating the Atls and Laws thereof; the Captain of his Majesty's Forts or Person by him appointed was bound to receive the Gun-powder therein directed to be paid upon the Tonnage of the Ships and other Vessels in Specie, and not in Money.

IV. And whereas, it hath of late been practised Sometimes to require and receive the said Duty in Specie and not in Money, by virtue of sundry Acts pifled from Time to Time by the Governor or Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island.

V. And whereas, many Inconveniencies have arisen to the Traders of this Island, thereby to prevent such Inconveniencies, and to ascertain in what Manner such Duty shall be received in future, Be it enacted by the £°pan;^' Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the passing of this neyandnotin Act, there shall be paid by the said Mailers of all Ships and other Vessels, Specie‘

in Money only, into the Hands of Alexander Brown, Esquire, Receiver-General or the Receiver-General for the Time being, at and after the rate of One Shilling per Pound.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Alexander Brown, Esquire, Receiver-General, or the Receive!-General for the Time being, whenever he shall be thereunto required by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Applied. Time being, and his Majesty's Council of this Island, either to import Gun-powder for the Use of his Majesty's Forts and Fortifications, or to purchase the fame in this Island, and pay for the fame out of any Monies in his Hands arising or to arise by Virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Gun-powder shall become useless and unfit for Service, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of his Majesty's Council of this Island, to order and direct the Receiver-General to ftiip the same to Great Britain, there to be sold or bartered, or exchanged for new and good Gun-powder, all the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid to him out of any Monies hereafter to arise by Virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Alexander Brown, Esquire, Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, shall be allowed at and after the rate of Five Pounds per Centum, for receiving and paying the said Duty on Tcnage.

IX. And be it eqadled by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Cjause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be and continue in Force, from the passing thereof until the Thirty-first Day of December, which will be iij the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-two, and no longer.

T -]2

i' iiTnl 2 ;d of Decem! er.

Act 73.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 7i>.

An Act for keeping in Repair the Harbour of Kingstcn, ard for regulating the Mooring of Ships i?i the said Harbour, and for refraining all Mafers or Commander of Vessels for the future, from leaving over board Ballaf 'in any of the Harbours or Shipping Places in this If and.

FOR the repairing and maintaining the Harbour of Kingston, for regulating the Moorings of Ships and other Vessels trading to the said Town, May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, Be it therefore tnaded by the Governor, ( ouneil and Assembly of this your Majesi'y’s Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Mailer or Commander of all Vessels trading to the Nor-hward of the Tropic of Cancer, which shall arrive in the Harbour of Kingston, shall pay into the Hands of Alexander Brown, Esquire, Receiver-General or the Receiver-General of this Island for the Time being, the Sums herein after mentioned, that is to fav, every Ship or three mart Vessel, the Sum of Fifteen Shillings; every Brigantine, Snow or Billander, the Sum of Ten Shillings; and every Sloop or Schooner, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Six-pence; and all Vessels trading between the Tropics, which shall arrive in the Harbour of Kingston, shall pay half of the above mentioned Sums, that is to say, every Ship or three mart Vessel, the Sum of Seven-Shillings and Six-pence, every Brigahtine, Snow or lill nder, the Sum of Five Shillings; every Sloop Or Schooner, the Sum of Three Shillings and Nine-pence; Sugar Drogers and other Vessels, tiling the coasting Trade of this Island excepted, who shall pay Two Shillings and Six-pence every three Months, and no more. And to the Intent, the said Duties may be truly paid, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Receiver-General shall clear out any Ship or other Vessel chargeable with the said Duties, until the said Duties be paid, On Pain to forfeit for every. OiTence,> the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of JudicatU’e of this Island, by Addon of I), bt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign Protection-, Wager of Law or Injunction shall be granted or allowed, or T\on viilt'ulterius Prose^ui be entered,' one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, 'his Heiis and Successors, for and towafdsithe'Support of the Government of this IfTnd, and the contingent Charges; thereof,*tand’the other Moiety to the Informer.-

II. Provided/always, That in cale the Water Bailiff appointed or to

beappoiiRed .by Virtue of this Act, shall have left with the R.eceiver-Gerieral or the Receiver-General for the Time being, before fheclear*ng out of any such Vesseljja Certificate under the Hand of the Master or Commanding t Officer of every such Vessel respectively, agreeable to the Intentions of this Act. '

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or Commander of every Vessel that shall arrive in the said Harbour of Kingston, do and shall within three Days after the Mooring of said Vessel, upon Application made to him by the aforesaid Water Bailiff, or some Person on his Behalf, sign such Certificate, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings, in case of Refusal, to be recovered before any Justice for the said Town and Parish of Kingston, on the Oath of the said Water Bailiff, or such Person acting in his Behalf, one Moiety whereof to he

into the Hands of the Church-warden for the Time being, for the Use

Act 73.

173

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Governor im« powered to appoint a Water Kaiiiff, with salary.and hint to lemove at pleasure.

Who is obliged to attend personally, under the pctnlty of io«. unless in case of ftck« ness.

No persono whatsoeve> t<f take ballad from the Paid-fades.

Use of the Poor of the salt! Parish of Kingston, and the other Moiety to be paid to the said Water Bailiff. And for applying the said-several Sums of Money hereby made payable for the Purposes aforesaid, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it (Ira 11 and may be lawful for the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, by Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, at his Pleasure, to choose and appoint a Water Bailiff for the better and more orderly Government of the said Poit, and that all Ships and Vessels may anchor and moor in proper and regular Manner and Places, with such Salary as he by Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal shall appoint, so as such Salary do not exceed the Money to be raised by this Act, and Inch Water Bailiff so to be appointed* tit his Will and Pleasure to remove.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons so appointed Water Bailiff by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall and is hereby required and Obliged personally to attend the Duty required from him by this Act, under the Penaluy of Twenty Pounds for every neglect of Duty, unless it shall appear by a Certificate sworn to before any Justice of the Pec.ee, by one or more Doctors or Practitioners of Physick, that Sickness is the cause thereof, and does so prevent his attending his Duty as aforesaid.

V. And whereas, a Practice has prevailed of taking Ballast front £ certain part of the Palafades of the said Harbour, by Means whereof a Breach already made thereon may be greatly widened by the Sea breaking through, which will very much endanger the Vessels riding in the said Harbour, and the Navigation thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of January next, no Person whatl'oever shall take up or carry from thence, or within Two Hundred Yards on either side of the said Breach, any Stones, Sand or other Ballast on any Pretence whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Person so offending, shall forfeit fcT every Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered before any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Town and Parishes of Kingston or Port-Royal, upon the Oath of any one or more Witnesses; one Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer and the other Half to be paid into the Hands of the Church-warden or Church-wardens for the said Towns and Parishes of Kingston and Port-Royalt for the Use of the Poor of each respective Parish.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Water Bailiff for the Time being, shall, and he is hereby empowered to take up all Negro and other Slaves who shall be found taking up or carrying away from the said Place, any Stones Sand or other Ballast, and cause such Negro or other Slave to be carried be ore one of the Juff’ces of the Peace for either of the said Parishes, which Juffce shall upon Proof to him made of the Fact, order such Slave or Slaves to suffer such Punishment by Imprisonment as he shall think proper, not exceeding thred Months.

VIII. Provided always, That if any Owner or Proprietor of any Slave so ordered to be imprifaned shall pay the Sum of Five founds for each Slave into the Hands of such Justice, to be applied in like Manner as the aforesaid Penalty, then the said Slave or Slaves shall not suffer the Imprisonment by this Act directed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Monies to arise by Virtue of this Act, the Receiver-General for the Time being, shall pay all the Orders which shall from Time to Time bo given upon him by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time

VOL. II. Xx beingj

Under penalty of iol. for every offence.

I74-

The L A V/ S of JAMAICA.

Ac. 73.

1769.

No vessel to .moor neater to .any Wlfn>t’ than 50 fathom n n I cl's, to load or unload.

Or within too fathom in the Hurricane months.

Dispute* aver-’ 'tag concerning the mooring ot Vessels to be a3jucted by the commissioners.

Commissioners

appointed.

No persons to throw overboard any ballad, under penalty of 10l. for every of-. fence.

being, for paying the Salary he shall or may agree to pay such Officer as aforesaid, and for defraying all other Expences which ill all or may be incurred for effecting the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Water Bailiff so appointed, shall from Time to Time be sworn before the Commissioners herein after to be named, or any three of them, justly and indifferently without Partiality or Affection to execute the Office according to the ancient Custom or Usage of Great-Brit(tin.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or other Vessel shall be moored to swing nearer to any Wharf than fifty Fathom, nor keep a Stern sass unless to unload or take in a load off any Wharf under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered before any two Jafticfes of the Peace, upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Wit lesses, and to be levied by Warrant of Difhefs, under their Hands and Seals against the Masser of such Shfp or Vessel, directed to any Constable or Con-itables of the said Parish, for that Purpose.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from the first Day of August to the last Day of November in every Year, being reckoned the Hurricane Months, no Ship or other Vessel shall moor to swing nearer to the Wharf than one Hundred Fathom, unless as above to load or unload, under the like Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered of the Master of such Ship or Vessel in Manner aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Water Bailiff by Ignorance or Negligence shall moor any Vessel, so as thex-by any Damage shall arise, the said Water Bailiff shall be liable so make good the fame by any Bill, Plaint or Information to be brought or prosecuted in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Iilund.

XIII. Provided always, That no Person who is a Commissioner'or Wharfinger shall be appointed a Water Bailiff by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be itffuith'er enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Differences or Disputes shall ariie corcerning the mooring of any Ships or Vessels directed by this Act, that then and in such case the same shall be settled and adjusted by the Commissioners herein after appointed, or any three of them; and the said Water Bailiff so to be appointed is hereby required to follow all such Directions, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for each Offence, to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three of them, to be directed to dny Constable or Constables of the said Parish.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Honorable Philip Pinnock, Esquire, Speaker of the Assembly, or the Speaker of the Assembly for the Time being, Simon Taylor, Thomas French, Jasper Hall, Digby Dennis, Lewis Cuthbert, James Crean, Charles Seymour, Daniel Moore, Zachary Bayly, Philip Philip Livingston, Edward Fordi Thomas Bond and Thomas Hibbert, Junior, are hereby appointed Commissioners to carry this Add into Execution.

XVI. And whereas, a Practice hath prevailed of heaving Ballast out of Ships and Vessels into the Harbours, Bays and other Shipping Places of this Hland, to the great Detriment and Injury of such Harbours, Bays and Shipping Places; for Remedy whereof, and to prevent the like Practice for the future, Be it further enacted, that from and after the first Day of January next, no Person whatsoever shall heave or throw overboard out of any Ship or Vessel, any Stones, Gravel, Sand or other Ballast into any such Harbour, Bay or Shipping Place, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Offence, to be recovered upon Oafh of one or more creditable Witness or Witnesses, before any two Justices of the Peace for the Parish or Precinct where the Offence shall be committed, one Half

Act 73, 74. 1 he LAWS of JAMAICA.

75

whereof to be paid into the Hands of the Church-wardens for the Bene- 1769.* fit of the Boor of such Parish, and the other Moiety to the Informer, or u — the Person suing for the fame, any Law, Cufhm or Usage to the Con-

traiy thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force from the pacing thereof, for and during the Term of three Years; and no longer.

An Act to empower the Jufices and Vefry in the Town of King- pa^c*r.of Iron, to build a Market-House, and to appoint a Place for the Sale of freflo Fif); and for preventing Nufmces in the Streets of the said Town$ and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS there is no fixed Place or Places in the Town of Kingston, for the sale of fresh Fiffi. And whereas, it is become highly necessary, that a proper House or Market- Place be erected for the convenience of the Sellers as well as Buyers of fresh Fish in the said Town, and for the better expoiing such fresh Fish for Sale, May it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this your Majest ’s Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Justices and Vcltry of the Town of Kingston for the Time being, be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a proper Place or Places in the said Town for felling all kinds of fresh Fish'; and that such Place or Places so appointed as aforesaid, shall be deemed the Public Market-Place or Places for the felling of fresh Fish.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,' That the Justices and Vestry of the Town oi Kingston aforesaid for the Time being, be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to build, ered and complete a good and sufficient Market-House or Houses in the said Town of Kingston, upon such Place or Places so appointed as aforesaid, or any part thereof, for the felling of all kinds of fresh Fish in the said Town 5 and the said Justices and Vestry for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to lay out and allot a sufficient piece of ground in the said Town, or to purchase any lot. or lots of Land in the said Town; whereon to fix and establish such Market or Markets; and to build and ered such Building or Buildings as aforesaid, and to contract and agree with the Workmen, and to purchase all Materials for the fame, the Charge and Expence of which shall be levied and raised by an equal Tax on the Inhabitants of the said Town, by the said Justices and‘Vestry. Provided nevertheless, the Sum or Sums of Money so. levied and raised for the Purposes aforesaid, shall not exceed in the whole, the Sum Of Five Hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices and Vestry for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to nominate and appoint a proper person or persons to look after, and take care of the said market-house, so erected and built, with such reasonable salary as they the said Justices and Vestry shall think proper; which Salary the Church-wardens of the said parish are hereby authorised and impowered to pay, and such person or persons for misdemeanor or neglect to displace and remove, and in case, of his

death 4

Act 74.

Justices and Vestry empowered to build a market hwufe . for the sale of frefti filb.

-The exprnce to be raised by a tax on the inhabitants.

[Proviso.]

A person to be Appointed to look after the fame,

-u

176 The' LAWS of’JAM A I C A. Act' 74.

- ' 1 -

death, resignation, deprivation or removal, other or others in his head to appoint and put.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the^ opening of the said market shall be from eight of the clock in the morning, and not sooner, and which shall be kept open until two of the clock in the afternoon, in which place or places, house or houses, artd between the said hours the market shall be adjudged to be open public.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any white perfori or persons, free negro, free mulatto, or Indian, shall be found felling or vending, or offering to fell or vend, any Fresh Fish whatsoever, within the hours or time above limited, in any other place in the said town, than such as shall be appointed as aforesaid, every such white person, free negro, free mulatto or Indian, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty shillings, to be recovered in a summary way, before any one of the Justices of the Peace of the said Parish; one moiety whereof shall be to the use.of the poor of the said parish, and the other moiety to the informer, or the person who shall make such complaint.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it any negro, mulatto, or Indian, not being free, shall be found felling or vending, or offering to fell or vend, any Fresh Fish whatsoever, within the hours and time above specified in any other1 place than such as Avail be appointed as aforesaid, such negro, mulatto, or Indian, shall be punished for such offence at the discretion of any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said town and parish of Kingston; and the Frefii Fish so offered for sale shall be deemed forfeited, and the fame distributed among the poor of the said parish, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

VII. And whereas there is not sufficient authority vested in the Justices and Vestr), or the Church-wa;dens of the said parifi] of Kingston, to sue for the transient and parochial taxes of the said pari Ai, by means whereof many persons evade the payment of the fame: Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Church-wardens of the parish of King-ston for the time being, and their successors, shall and may be a body po-litic and corporate, and shall be Incorporated, established and founded, in a Body corpo-name and in deed, a body politic aild corporate, to have continuance for ever, by the name of the Church-wardens of Kingston, and by that name to have perpetual succession for ever : And the said Church-wardens and their successors for the Time being, shall and may have lawful Power and Authority in all Matters whatsoever, relative to the said parochial and transient Taxes, to sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, to answer and be answered unto, in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this IAand, and in all manner of Courts and Places that now are, and hereafter Aiall be within this IAand of yamaica, in all manner of Suits whatsoever, and of what nature and kind soever such Suits and Act ons be or shall be, in the fame ample Manner and Form to all Intents, Construe-tions and Purposes as any other Person or Persons, Bodies politic and corporate in the realm of England, being able Persons in Law may do.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Church-wardens of the said PariAi for the Time being, or their Successors, Aiall from Time to Time be responsible and amenable to the Justices and Vestry of the said PariAi for the Time being, for all Sum and Sums of Money that they Aiall or may receive by virtue or in consequence of such Suit or Suits, Action or Actions, in like manner as the Churchwardens in the several Parishes of this IAand are amenable and responsible for any other Matter or Thing whatsoever.

Market open from eight o’ clock to two.

i77

Ac r 74.. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

IX. And whereas, the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of King- 1/69.

fion have not at present any power to hire a ^avenger or Scavenger?, to -

amend and keep in repair the Streets and Roads in the said Town and Pa- j,lft!cel and rish; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that for the fa- Vestryempow* ture it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices and Vestry of the fc^ven°2trs! Parish of Kingston, if they shall think proper, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, and at any time after the passing of this Act, to hire one or more Scavenger or Scavengers for any certain Time or Times as may be thought necessary and convenient, to amend and keep in repair the Streets and Roads in the said Town and Parish of Kingston:

And they are hereby authorised and empowered to lay a Tax upon Houses rented and not rented, that are inhabited; and upon Trade and Negroes within the said Town and Parish, for paying such Scavenger or Scavengers such Salary or Salaries, Sum or Sums of Money for which he or they shall or may be so hired; which said Tax shall be collected, levied and paid in the same Manner, and with the like Power of Distress for Nonpayment, as the Tax commonly called the Parish-Tax is collected, levied, pa«d and distrained for.

X. And whereas, in and by a certain Act of the Governor, Council and Assembly, passed in the first Year of his present Majesty's reign intitled, An Act for keeping in repair the Harbour of Kingston, and for regulating the Mooring of Ships in the said Harbour; and for enabling the fuliices and Vefry oj the parishes of Port-Royal and Kingston, to eretl and build a Market or Markets in each of the said : Towns; It is therein enacted.

That the said Market-house or houses so as aforesaid to be ereffed and built, and all other Market-houses and Market-places in the said 'Towns of Port-Royal and Kingston, already ereSled or hereafter to be erected and built, ft) dll be vefed in the said J ujl ices and Vefry of the said Towns of Port-Royal and Kingston for the Time being respectively; and they stall have full Power and Authority to alter, repair and amend the famet and to let and set out the Stalls andfunding places in the said Markets for such prices as they can get for the fame; and also stall have power to levy and distrain for the Rent and arrears of Rent that stall or may be due for the said Stalls, if occassion may be± and the Rents shall be applied by the said Ju/hces and Vefry towards the support and maintenance of the said Market-house, and if not sufficient /or that purpose, then it stall and may be lawful for the said Jufices and Vefry to raise and levy a Tax on the Inhabitants of the said Towns, in the Jame manner as other the Parochial Taxes are levied, so much Money as stall be fuss* cient to repair and amend the same.

XI. And whereas, the herein in part recited Act hath long firtce expired, and the said Justices and Vestry of the Town and Parish of King-

Jion aforesaid, have thereby loft the Powers and Authorities so to them derived (by the said in part recited Act) to let and set out the Stalls and Standings in the said Market-place so by them erected and built; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that for the future aJ1(Jforent it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices and Vestry for the Time out the ftaitt being to hire out from Time to Time the Stalls belonging to the Beef- in market in the said Town for the use of the said Parish, for such Time or Term, and for such yearly rent or rents as the said Justices and Vestry shall from Time to Time agree for, all and every of which said Rents shall be paid to the Church-wardens of the said Parish of Kingston for the Time being, and their Successors; and they are hereby as fully authorised and empowered to sue for the fame, as they are herein before authorised and empowered to sue for the Transient and Parochial Taxes of the said Parish.

VOL. H. V y

iy8 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 74,75.

1769:

XII. And whereas, it has lately been a- Practice in the said Town of

'-----' Kingston, to put Wood and Lumber in the Streets and Avenues of the said.

Town leading to and from the Sea, and for keeping Horses, Chaifrs, Carts and such kind of Carriages in the Piazzas in t1 e Streets of the said Tpvvn, by Means whereof Passengers are much obstruTed, and other wise in great Danger; for remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time after the passing of tills AT, put any Wood, Lumber or any other Tiling whatsoever in the Streets or Avenues of the said Town of Kingston leading to the Sea, whereby the pillage to or from the same may be any waj s obstruTed, or keep his, her or their Horse or Horses, Chaise or Chaises, Cart or Carts; or any other kind of Carriages whatsoever in the Piazzas in the said Town; every Person or Persons so offending, shall lorfrit for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied in a summary way before any o.-ie of the Justices of the Peace of the said Parish, one Moiety whereof shall be to the use of the Poor of the said Pa’ifh, and the other Moiety to the Informer, or the Person who shall make such Complaint, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

r.aied M-t Shi ASt for explaining and amending the several Highway Laws 71 ow i?i Force, and re» dering the said Laws more effectual.

Act 74. ^T7 HERE AS the several Highway Laws now in Force, are fount!

\ Y defective in several instances, Be it enacted by your_ Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council and ACemb'y of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and or-Road'.-tohe dained by the Authority of the same, That the Dimensions o> a'l High-'ttwl e‘ ways hereafter to be made through open Ground, shall be Twenty-f t f feet wide at the least. And whereas it is found necessary, that there fliculd be Roads of Communication from one part of the Island to another, well as from the Settlements to Church and Market.

II. And whereas, difficulties have arisen by Juries conceiving th?m-selves reflriTed to the laying out of such Roads, only as lead from any certain part towards Church or Market, or to the nearest Shipping iflace; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where it shall be th ught necessary, cross Roads of Public Communication shall be laid out by Juries from any one part of the Island to another, or from any one part of a Parish to another part in the fame or any other Parish, 111 the ianie Manner as is directed by an Act of this Island, entitled, An Act for the Highways, passed in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Six Hi ndted and Eighty-one, any Thing in the said Act, or any other AT contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas, many contentions Persons have refuted to comply with the Laws, in fending the, respective allotment of Slaves to,work mi the Highways, and by the Way-wa dens b^ingideterreu from inforn i g of fuT Delinquency, owing to the great Trouble and Expence at etc i g the Defence of Replevins issued by such Delinquents, for Levies m.iue i 11 Negroes or Stock, pursuant to the la;d Highway Lav/i, to t <e grent dil-couragement of such of your Maj'ulj’s good Subjects as wihingly comply with the said Laws

IV. And whereas, by the said Laws, the Way-warden or Surveyors for the Highways, are reflriTedJrom Information against such Delinquents, ’Until the Roads for which they aie severally appointed shall be fiiiished

( i : repairing.

Act 75.

*79

The LAWS or JAMAICA.

repairing, whereby if no Slaves should be lent, such Road could not be repaired, nor any Complaint or Information lod^ ed; for Remedy whereof, and the better enforcing the repairs of the Highways, Be it enacted by the Authority afore! a id, that the said Suveyors of the Highways respectively, shall, and they are hereby obliged, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, within Twenty Days alter any Person or Persons rofufal, or Neglect of fending his, her or their respective allotment of S'aves or rlools on the Highways as directed, in and by an Act of this Illund, intitled, yin All for the better amending the Highways, passed in the Year One Thou find Seven Hundred and '1 hirty, repair to some Justice of the Peace in the Parish where such Neg’ect shall happen, and upon Oath or Affidavit in Writing, m de by the said Surveyor or any other white Per-fen, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) give an Account to the said Justice, of the number of Slaves and Pools lb wanting or not sent, and the Person or Persons, or Owner or Owners of such Plantation or Plant tions so neglecting and refuling to fend them, and the said Justice is Ik re by required, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to certify to the mxt Justice the cause, and require him by Virtue of this Act to associate himself to him, which such last Justice is hereby required to do, under the PenaPy of Fifty Pounds for every Negiect or Refusal, and they so associated, lhu.ll issue out their Warrant to lumrnon the Party or Parties complained of, to appear before them at a certain Day, Hour of the Day .md Place, to be mentioned in the said Warrant, to hear and determine the said Complaint, and if it thill appear to the said Justices so associated that the Parfy or Parties so complained of, is or are guilty of such Neglect or Refusal, they thall'A ‘judge and Sentence the Party or Parties to pay the Fines or Fines impoied by the Jail before recited Laws, and on Refusal of the Party or Parties to pay the same, immediately they shall issue tl.eir Warrant or Warrants to levy the same in Manner and Form in the said Law prescribed.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sentence or Judgment passed by the Justices in Manner aforesaid, shall be Con-clulive and without Appeal, any Thing in any I aw to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding : But in Cafe it shall appear that the not fending such allotments of Negroes, Cattle and Tools, upon such Highways, proceeded from the wilful Refusal or Neglect of the Overseer of such Plantation, then and in that Cafe such Overseer shall pay to his Mailer or Employer, all such Monies as he shall pay or exp-nd. or be put to by Mean-, thereof, and such Mailer or Employer may deduct the fame out of the Wages of such Ove seer.

VI. And be it enacted by the Author ty aforesaid, That in any DNr pute arising between the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, and the Party or Parties allotted to lend Slaves on the said Highways such Surveyor or Surveyors shall be^ the Sole Judge of the Ability of the Slave or Slaves so sent by the Party or Parties, and is and are hereby impowered to return all such Slave or Slaves as he or they shall not think Efficient y able to work on the Highways, and in cale other Slaves sufficient.v al le are not immediately sent to the Highways instead of those returned, t..e Lid Surveyor or Surveyor shall report the fame in the Complaint exhibited to the Justices ?? so many Slaves and number ot 'Too's deficient.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the default dial) arise from the Negiect of the Overseer of the Estate or Plantation which shall he deficient in fending Slaves on the Highways, as directed by the said Highway Laws, yet the Levy shall be made by the Constable, 01^ the Slaves

and

1769. e - j

Jnft’ws to af.

foliate ti 1 flue their Warrant

to summon tho paity corn-plained of.

And their sentence to be conclusive.

v

180

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act

75-

and Property of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the bftate deficient, any Thing in the said Laws to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Hi 11 rnd may be lawful for the Way-wardens or Surveyors of the Highways appointed by the said Highway Laws respectively, to cause the Slaves employed on the Highways, to lop the Boughs of any Tree or Trees, so far as they hang over the Highways, and also to trim or cut any Logwood, Lime, or other live Fence growing next to the Highways, four Feet from the Ground, so that the fame may not impede the Sun from dryn g the fame, and to throw the Cuttings into the Lands of such Proprietor;

IX. And whereas, divers obstinate Peiions have with-h.ld their Negroes from working upon the Roads when required so to do by the Way-Wardens, on pretence that no Vestry can be legally thofen, unless the Constableor Constables do Swear, that every individual Freeholder of the Parish hath been warned, and on pretence that no Vestry can be kg lly held, without the Constable or Constables do Swear, that every individual Magistrate and Vestryman was warned to n'tend on laying the Taxes for the Highways: To remedy which, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person whatsoever shall refuse or neglect to fend his Negroes with their Drivers and Tools to woik upon the Highways, when and where directed by the Way-wardens appointed by the Veilfy,-on any such Pretences whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalty or Penalties imposed by the said before recited Highway Laws, on Way-wardens or Surveyors of the Highways for Neglect of their respective Duties as Way-wardens or Surveyor of the Highways, shall hereafter be levied in a Summary manner, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace of the Parish where such Neglect shall happen, and be executed by the Constable in Manner stiid Form as the Fines on Delinquents for not fending Slaves to work on the Highways are directed by the said last before recited Law, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Church-warden or Church-wardens of the Parish where the Penalties are incurred, for the Use of the said Parish, any Thing in this or in any other Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Negro, Mulatto or other Slave, Cattle or other Stock, Carts or Wains, shall be taken by the Provost-Marshal or any of his Deputies, during the Time such Negro, Mulatto or other Slave, Cattle or Stock, Carts or Wains, shall be working or be employed in the amending the Highways agreeable to this Law, or in the going to, or returning from such Highways; and if the said Provost Marshal or any of his Deputies, shall presume to take any such Slave, Cattle or Stock, Carts or Wains, during such Time of their being worked or employed on the said Highways, oc in their going to, or returning therefrom, the said Provost Marshal, or his Deputy or Deputies so offending, shall for every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and that upon Complai it made on Oath of such Levy, before any Magistrate, such Magistrate is hereby required, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, forthwith to diredf the Provost-Marshal, or his Deputy or Deputies, to deliver such Levy, to the Owner or Proprietor thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be in Foice from and after the passing hereof, until the Thirty-first Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One Thouftnd Seven Hundred and Seventy-two, XIII. And

Penalty to be levied by Warrant and paid to the Churchwarden of the Parish where the pen dtyare intuited.

Noflavei, cattle, &c. to be taken by the Provost-mar-Ihal while employed on the toads.

In Force ’till *77*.

Act 75. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

XIII. And be it further chatted,* That the Secretary of this Island, do cause this Act to be printed, and two Copies thereof to be sent to his Excellency the Governor; and one Copy thereof to each of the Members of the Honorable the Council, and the Members of the Assembly, and one Copy to the Custos of each Parish, and each and every Justice of the Peace within this Island; the Charges of which shall be paid to hur/ by the Receiver-General, or the Receiver-Geineral for the Time being, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

\* - The following Law, which pasted in the Government of Sir Thomas Lynch, has been omitted in the former Editions.

An Act ascertaining Salt to the Pacifies of St: Catherine s, Sti Thomas in the Vale and St. Dorothy’s.

WHEREAS the Parishioners of Saint Catherine's, Saint Thomas h the Vale and Saint Dorothy's, for several Years lad pa ft, have beeii furniftied with Salt from Sir Thomas Modyford, Senior, Baronet, his Sait Pond, in Consideration of their having luirendered their Right unto the said Sat Ponds, unto the said Sir Thomas and the Parishioners, defil ing the continuance of the said Custom; and to ascertain the fame from Sir Charles Modyford,*aronet, the Heir and present Possessor, who Hath declared hiS Willingness thereunto j Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council and Afferribly, and it is hereby enatted by the Authority of the same, That the said Sir Charles Modyford, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall for every Ybar; furnish each Master or Mistress or Overseer of any Family or Plantation in the Parish of Saint Catherine's, Saint Thomas in the Vale and Saint Dorothy's, according to a Note of each Head of Blacks or Whites, figried by the said Master or Mistress or Overseer, of the Number of Heads beloriging to them and residing in the said Parish, and that they desire Salt for that Year, and at the same time bringing in their Notes and;pay ng their Money, or tender the fame at the Court-House of Saint Jago de la Vega to the said Sir Charles Modyford, his Heirs, Executors or Assigns* or whorrf He or they shall appoint, from the fifth Day of January to the sixteenth Day in the fame Month in every Year; That is to Jay, Twelve Pence per Bushel'for to many Bushels as they claim, not ex‘-’ ceeding half a Bushel per Head, so that the whole exceed not five Thousand Bushels so to be provided for the said Parishes.

II. Provided also, That such Tender shall be good, though ho Body be at the Place and Times aforesaid to receive the Money,

III. Provided also, That it is the true Intent and Miming of this Act; that such of the Parishioners that neglect to niake their Claim as aforesaid;. and those claiming and paying their Money do not fetch their Proportion of Salt as above said, between die first of May and the last Day of August every Year, from the Salt Ponds as aforesaid, shall forfeit their Money so paid, and lose also the Benefit of this Act for that Year.

IV. And; it;is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Bushel of Salt duly claimed and demanded, and not delivered within the Time before appointed; and at the Salt Ponds, the Lid Sir Charles Modyford, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall forfeit and VOL. II. Z z . pay

18*

1769.

V. 1

pay to the Parties aggrieved. Two Shillings for every such Bushel, to be recovered by Warrant from any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, (not, exceeding Forty shillings) or in any Court of Record within this Island* wherein no Injunction, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

V. Provided always, That if the said Sir Charles Modyford, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall sell or dispose of any Salt before he hath delivered or secured to be delivered, such Quantities of Salt as shall be claimed and paid for at the Times appointed by this Act, that then henor they shall pay unto the Parties grieved. Five shillings per Bushel, for every Bushel wanting to com pie u their respective Parcels, any Thing in this Act, or any other Act, Deed or Patent to the Contrary notwithstanding.

General Titles in the following Abridgment.

V.

The Figures refer to the Pages of the Abridgment where the Titles are to be found.

C T I O N S, I Arrests, i Allay of Gold, I Assembly of Jamaica, x Assize, i Ballast, i Barracks, 2 Bequells, 2 Buildings, 2 Chancery, 2 Church-Wardens, 2 Clerks, 3 ( 1;

Commissioners, 3 Constables, 4 Debts, 4

Droging Vessels, 4 Elections, 4 Fish, 4 Forts, 5 Freeholds, 5 Freeholders, 5 Free Persons, 5 Free Schools, 5 Harbour of King ft on, 5 Highways, 6

Informations for Lands, 6 Interest, 6 Island, 6

Judges and Ju Rices, 6

Jurors, 6 Lands, 7

Limitation of Courts, 8 Maroon Negroes, 8 Mailers of Vessels, 8 Officers of Men of War, 8 Overseers, 8 Obeah, 8

Produce, 8 Provost-Marshal, 9 Patents, 9 Ports of Entry, 9 Quit-Rents, 9 >; . j

Receiver-General, 10

Records, 16 Re&ors, 10 Replevins, 10 Rio de Cob re Bridge, 10 Roads, 10 Slaves, 10 Sollicitors,. 11 Soldiers, 11

Tolls and Toll-Books, 11 Tonnage, 11 Vessels, 11

Vexatious Suits at Law how prevented, 12 Water-Bailiff, 12

V

W ay-W ardens, 12,

A N

AB RID GMENT

OF THE

A

C

T

s.

<£oofc^ci{!OC$ocS30fceJc>cj£c$3o$oo&o

ACTIONS.

AC T I 0 N S to be tried in the County where the Cause arises -

Brought in the Assize Courts, for Slaves, or for the Freedom of any Pefons whomsoever, Ejedment, Dower, Partition, Title of Lands, &cc. on Cause being shewn, to be tried in the County of Middlesex Brought for the Coutts of Assize, and the Courts not meeting on the Days appointed, not to be discontinued

ARRESTS.

Arrest of Judgment, in the Assize Courts, to be shewn one Da) after Judgment is obtained Persons attempting to leave the Island in Time Martial Law. liable to be attached in the same Manner as if though Mar tiai Law was not in Force

ASSAY of GOLD.

Allay of Gold, the Ad revived and perpetuated

ASSEMBLY of JAMAICA.

*9

Members of, to take an Oath appointed by this Act instead of the former Oath

ASSIZE.

Justices of, impowered to lay Fines

BALLAST.

Ballad for Shipping, certain Places forbid to be taken from VOL. II. a

Persons

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Persons throwing over Ballast in any Bay, Creek, Jlarbour or Slipping Place of this Island, to forfeit jT. io

BARRACKS.

Barracks, where to be ere£Nd Magazines for Powder to be erected

Vested in the justices and Vestry of the several Parishes, who are made a Body politic Justices and Vestry of each Parish, to issue a Poll for an Allotment of Negroes to work on the Barracks Persons refilling to fend Negroes with Tools, See. to pay 3f. ptr Day

BEQUESTS.

Real Estates, though bequeathed to Negroes or their Descend-an&s, except lawful Issue and born in Wedlock, to go to the Heir at Law; and the personal Estate under the Statute of Distribution -

No Person to d^vise to any Negro, or the D'efeendants of Negroes, except born in Wedlock, more than £.2000

BUILDINGS,

Public Buildings, whom impowered to pay Money for such

CHANCERY.

Chancery Register and Clerk of the Patents, to grant a Patent to Persons applying for the Efcneat of Lands, Tenements, Negroes; or other Hereditaments, on their producing a Certificate, signed by the Receiver-General, that they have entered into Bond with Security for the Money that shall become due to his Majesty for such Escheat, and if otherwise granted deemed null and void To make Oath of the Examination of certain new Platt Books, lately ti anferibed and lodged in his Office To keep the Records with Alphabets in good'Order, and give Security on his Entrance into Office " -

Neglecting to take the Oaths appointed, liable to forfeit £.500 An Inventory of the Records in his Office to be taken and signed by him and sent to the Secretary’s Office To tax Bills where Disputes arise between Masters. and the Parties, or their Sollicitors, in Demand of Costs To be allowed for such Taxation a Pistole Masters, their Fees appointed by Law

Travelling at the Request of the Parties, to be paid for according to Agreement Demanding more than the Fees allowed by Law, to forfeit £*5°° Attendance deemed from Nine toTwelveo’Clockinthe Forenoon

1.

CHURCH-WARDENS.

Church-Wardens allowed all Expences out of Purse, on Complaints against Collecting-Constables for Neglect of their Duty Gf King ft on made a Body corporate:

n

16'

21

21

21

26

26

28

28

67

1

4

10

1

2

4

9

12 63

63

63

63

69

69

69

69

69

69

59

74

3

4

7

8

C L E R K S.

3

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

At\. Ci.

CLERKS.

Clerk of the Crown, and Clerk of the Court to attend the Assize Courts, and make out the Venire for Jurors To convey all Indictments, Presentments, Rules, Orders, all iJflucs and Assessment of Damages and Proceedings in the County Courts, to their respective Oceffis to be recorded To enter in a Book, to be constantly kept in the Counties of Surry and Cornwall, a just and true Docket of all Judgments, Verdicts and Assessments; and a Docket of all Sentences, Fines, Forfeitures and Amerciaments laid and imposed at each respective Court, to be entered up within two Days after each Court, and delivered to the Clerks of the Peace of the Parishes of Kingston and Westmoreland Said Books deemed public Records Their Fees for entering up the Dockets Clerk of the Crown to deliver in to the Attorney-General and Receiver-General, a List of all Estreats, Fines, Forfeitures, Amerciaments and forfeited Recognizances, within twent\ Days after the End of every Supreme Court, next following the Courts of Assize Clerks of the Inferior Cou-ts to act in the same Manner Clerk of the Crown, Peace, or Inferior Courts, if they shall spare, take off or willingly conceal any Indictment, Fine, Blue, Amerciament, forfeited Recognizance, or other Forfeiture set or imposed in any of the Courts, or any Sum of Money paid on- Account thereof, shall for every Offence, forfeit X.50 lose their Office, and be Tendered ever incapable of holding the fame

} \ o

Dltrks of the Peace neglecting to do their Duty at Trials for the . inveigling of Slaves, to forfeit £. 100 Clerks of the Peace and Vestry allowed for the Copy of all ' Tolls attested by them Allowed 5,/. for entering all Tolls Clerks of the Vestry to keep a Book to enter in a just and trite Account of all Freeholds in their respective Parishes, whicl shall be sent to them, anft grant a Certificate of having received the fame, for which Certificate and Entry they may receive 2/6 Fees; and, also, to attend at Elections with tli Books where Freeholds are recorded, and allowed £.2 7/6 for Attendance; and if neglecting to attend with the Book, or suffering the same to be misused, to forfeit £.500 To make out a Roll for Quit-Rents due for Lands, and speci-, Tying the particular Quantity of Acre or Foot-Land To make out a- Lift of Freeholders and others in their fevera Parishes, distinguishing their Occupation, Profession and Offices, thaFthey may be returned to-serve on Juries, and tranl-mit the fame with a Duplicate to the Chief-Justice, by the 25th Day of March in every Year, which Duplicate is to be sent to the Provost-Marshal, and the original recorded in the Office of the Clerk of the Supreme Court

COMMISSIONERS.

20

21

Commissioners appointed,to settle Disputes relating to the Moor ing of Vessels in the Harbour of Kingston

3

4

19

>9

19

40

2

2

29

3

4

11

&5

73

14]

CON-

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

CONSTABLES. Aa ci.

Constables to attend on Sundays and Holidays in the Negro Mar-

kets, and on neglecting, liable to a Fine Collecting-Constables amenable to the Supreme Court, upor Complaint of the Church-Wardens on Oath, of their having received Money on Account of parochial Taxes, and not paying the fame over to the Church-Wardens, to be attached, and committed to the Goal of Saint Jago de la Vega until 24 z.

the Money is paid Obliged to take an Oath of what Monies, they have or have not received, if required by Church- Wardens, and liable to Fine 59 2

on Refusal - - 59 4

DEBTS.

Debts due to the Public remitted Due between Party and Party to be pleaded in Bar on the 10 2

general Issue 66 I

Notice to be given of the Sum infilled on DROGING VESSELS. 66 2

Droging Vessels, Mailers of, to sign Bills of Lading for Goods

received on Board Not allowed to stop at any Port but such as they are bound ?i 8

for, under Penalty of fifty Pounds 71 9

Adulterating any Wines, to forfeit double the Value 7‘ 2

To be registered in the Naval Office ELECTIONS. Persons ialfe {Wearing at the Poll, deemed guilty of wilful and 71 ‘3

corrupt Perjury Presuming to open the Poll, except lawfully deputed by the Provost-Mar ibal, to suffer twelve Months imprisonment and 5 6

-forfeit >C-5°° The Poll to be held at the usual Place of transaCling parochial B>i-finess, and not el«where; and where Elections are contro- 5 7

verted, the Poll to be recorded in the Secretary’s Office Conveyances made to qualify Persons to vote (subject to Conditions to r.econvey the lame) shall, nevertheless, be deemed free and absolute, and holnen by the Person to whom they were conveyed, and they are hereby d.scharged from all Manner of Provisoes and Redemption, or other Defeazances whatsoever: And' every Person who shall make such Conveyance, and every Person who shall give a Vote, shall, for every such Conveyance or Vote created* forfeit the Sum of £.500 to 5 HO '

any Person who shall l'ue for the fame 5 12

Mortgagees in Possession allowed to vote 5 T3

Persons under twenty-one Years of Age incapacitated to vote . 5 14

FISH.

Fish to be sold at a public Market in the Town of Kingston 74 2

What Hours the Market is deemed open 74 4

FORTS.

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

5

FORTS.

Forts to be supplied by the Receiver-General with Gun-Powder

FREEHOLDS.

Freeholds to be recorded twelve Months in the Secretary’s Othce, and three Months in the Vestry-Book, and the Nature of them to be declared, whether on Houses, Penns of Cattle, Plantations, Rent Charges, or Annuities

FREEHOLDERS.

Freeholders to declare the Nature of their Freeholds before they are suffered to poll at Elections, and to take the Oath it required

Claiming by Devise, Descent or Marriage, not abridged of voting, in Case the Person under whom they claim shall have been in actual Possession of such Freehold for twelve Calendar Months, and the Title recorded according to Law

FREE PERSONS.

Free Persons to have a Certificate attested under the Eland and Seal of the Commander in Chief, and wear a Badge of their Freedom -

Neglecting to attend the Vestry to shew their Right to Freedom, i after being warned, to suffer six Months Imprisonment Incapacitated to receive by Grant, Lease, Covenant or Deeds in Trust more than £.2000 Incapacitated to purchase more than £.2000 real estate Of the fourth Degree, not debarred receiving any Donation or Legacy, whose Ancestors have been granted the Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents To renew their Certificates once in seven Years Assisting and abetting Slaves going off the Island, to lose their Freedom and be transported

FREE SCHOOLS.

Free School in the Parish of Westmor eland; this Act passed for the more effectual carrying the former into Execution, &c. &c.

In the Parish of Fere; Part of the former Act repealed, and to carry the said Act more effectually into Execution

GOODS.

Stolen Goods, Persons receiving them, knowing them to be stolen, to suffer Death

i

HARBOUR of KINGSTON.

Certain Rates to be paid for keeping it in Repair before any Vessels are suffered to clear out

Disputes relating the mooring of Vessels to be adjusted by.Commissioners -

a a cl.

72 6

5 4

5 7

5 5

H 12

24 l3

28 5

28

28 12

29 I 2. i

60 3

56

57

62 2

73 1

73 >4

Atl. Cl.

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

HIGHWAYS.

Highways, the Width of, to be twenty-four Feet at lead;

Persons refusing to fend Slaves with proper Tools, Justices to associate and to issue a Warrant to summon the Party complained of

Slaves, Cattle, &c. not liable to be attached by the Provost-Mar-shal, while employed on the Highways; and the Provost-Marshal, or Ills Deputies, levying on them, shall forfeit £.20 on Complaint being made before any Magistrate

Surveyors of Highways, Justices and Church-Wardens to distrain and levy for Taxes in the same Manner, as though Martial Law was not in Force

Justices and Vestry of St. Thomas in the Vale, enabled more effectually to repair them, and the Highway leading from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega In the Parishes of St. Catherine and St. Mary, enabled more effectually to repair them

No Carriages of Burthen allowed to work in the County of Cornwall, but with broad Wheels Nor allowed to work in the Parishes of St. Dorothy and Clarendon, but with broad Wheels Nor allowed to work with Fellies less than ten Inches wide

INFORMATIONS for LANDS.

Informations for Lands, on the Quit-Rent Law, to be proclaimed in the Assize Courts, after the same are proclaimed in the Supreme

INTEREST.

Interest allowed on Bills of Exchange after Judgment

ISLAND.

Island, Division of into Counties

JUDGES and JUSTICES.

Judges of the Supreme and Assize Courts, Justices of the Peace and Coroners, to execute their Offices during the Time of Martial Law. -

Justices of Assize to be appointed by the Commander in Chief To take the Oaths according to Act of Parliament before they execute their Office -

Of the Peace, to cause the Law for preventing " irregular Assemblies of Slaves, &c." to be read every Quarter Sessions To associate to try Persons on the Inveigling Act, under the Penalty of £.50 -

To restore Possession in Cafes of forcible Entry and Detainer, in the same Manner as though Martial-Law was not in Force

JURORS.

Jurors not attending when summoned on the Inveigling Act, to forfeit £.20

75

75

75

54

45

39

64

42

39

11

54

7

7

24

40

54

2

5

7

18

19

3

4°D5

Jurors'

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

7

Jurors drawn in Manner of Ballot

What Persons are excepted from serving on Juries

LANDS.

Lands vested in the Maroon Negroes Boundaries of Trelawny Town -

Of Aeccmpong Town -

Lands vested in the Parish of Port Royal In the Parish of Saint Catherine In the Parish of Saint Dorothy In the Parish of Clarendon -

All Mortgagees in Poflettion, Guardians, Attornies, Agents, Tru-ttees, and all other Persons obliged to give in before the Ju-ttices and Vestry, in the Parish where the Lands lie, an Account of all Lands they hold in their own Right or in the Right of others, and to (wear to the Line Surplufige of Lands to be paid QTt-Rents for Acre L«nd to be paid 2/6 for every Hundred Acres; Foot Land, Half-penny per foot -

Persons allowed to surrender Lands in Lieu of Qujt-Rents, so that his Majesty may re-grant the fame, find: taking an Oath that the fame is not delivered up collusively Guardians, Attornies, See. giving'Bond for Quit-Rents, their Persons nor their Securities not liable to be attached, except no Property can be found Neglecting to give in an Account of Lands, in Manner before expressed, liable to forfeit yf. 100 Accounts of all Land1' to be transmitted from the Justices and Ve-ftry to the Receiver-General Persons warned to give in, and neglecting, to be taxed one Sixth more than they were in the preceding Account of Lands Informing against any Lands of Absentees, not having Af-sets in this Island, shall pay the Quit-Rents due, in Current Money, and not otherwise,to the Receiver-General, and enter into Bond according to the Act, " for securing and collecting his Majesty's Qmt-Rents, See." before he shall apply for a Fiat for the fame -

Attorney-General to grant a Fiat, on a Receipt and Certificate being produced that the Quit Rents are paid to the Receiver-General, and the Clerk of the Supreme Court to iflfue a Writ of Inquiry, and the Form of such Writ Proclamation to be made of the Return of the Writ of Inquiry, in the Supreme and Assize Courts respectively Final Judgment to pals for the Crown if no Traverse of Claim is made -

Traverser to such Writ and Return of Inquisition, shall tender Payment of such Quit-Rents as shall have been paid by the Relator, before such Traverse and Claim shall be received in the Supreme Court Relators not truly observing their Obligations, the Lands become forfeited, and the Attorney-General may issue a Scire Facias against the Person neglecting, repeal the Letters Patent, and seize the Lands for the Use of the Crown

Act. Cl.

40 33

65 10

9 3

9 i

9 2

33

47

5°

52

S2

52

2

5

6

52

10

52 11

52 >5

52 22

58 4 58 9

58

10

58 it

5S

i5

LIMIT-

8

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Aa. ci.

LIMITATION of COURTS. Limitation of the Supreme Court 46 1

Of the Assize Court 46 2

How impovrered to open and adjourn 46 4 ’

MAROON NEGROES. Maroon Negroes allowed 40/". and Mile Money for taking up Runaway Slaves; Owners refusing to pay, Justices to grant a Warrant to dill rain on the Goods and Chattels of the Periotic refusing, and the fame expose to Sale in five Days aft<*r levied on 68 1

Judgment of the Justices to be final I ! ' i 68 2

MASTERS of VESSELS. Mailers of Vessels, trading to and from the Northern Colonies, to produce a Certificate of their Goods on Board, under the Hand of a Magistrate, before they are fullered to clear out 1. 4

To forfeit £-500 if he Hi all in his Manifest report, a greater or lelfer Quantity of Goods, of the Produce of this Island, than he actually hath on Board 1 5

entering at the Out-Ports, to give Security to the Officers there 13 2

Bringing back Slaves transported off this Island, to forfeit X*100 or six Months Imprisonment 24 16

Leaving on Shore sick and infirm Seamen, to forfeit £.50 44 2

[To enter into Security in the Secretary’s Office, to indemnify the Parillies against all Expences of sick, infirm and disabled Seamen 44 3

OFFICERS of MEN of WAR. Officers of Men of War to make Seizures on Goods run 4 2 1

OVERSEERS. 1 Overseers, Book-Keepers, or any white Persons refidingon Estates, and suffering Slaves to beat Drums, Goaras, &c. to suffer fix 1

Months Imprisonment 24 5

Overseers, Owners, Guardians, or any Persons whatsoever, knowingly suffering Slaves to have offensive Weapons, to forfeit £.100 24 9

Overseers absent from their Estates on Sundays and Holidays, to forfeit^ - 1 24 / 11

O B E A H. Obeah or supernatural Power, Slaves pretending to such to fufifer Death - 24 10

PRODUCE. Produce, the Proof of Growth, to lie on the Importer or Owner, and not on the Person who seizes 4 3

PROVOST-

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

9

Ad. Cl.

PROVOST-MARSHAL.

P rovoft-Marshal, if intending to vote for Members to serve in Assembly, to take the Oaths His Duty at the Poll

Refilling any Person to poll, or suffering them to poll contra-y to Law, to forfeit £.500 Fees for taking up and miintaining Runaway Slaves To deliver a Lid of all Process, where his Majesty is concerned, to the Attorney General v Or other Persons receiving Money on Behalf of the Crown, and not paying it over to the Receiver-General, liable t have Process issue against them for levying and recovering the fame, as any other Debtor to his Majesty To summon twenty-four Freeholders for Trial on the Inveig ling Ad, twelve of whom are to compose a Jury Obliged to suspend the Sale of Negroes, taken on Writs of Venditioni, for t wonty Daye, if Oath be made, that the Slave or Slaves, so levied on,-are not the Property of the Party against whom such Writ was Blued To proceed to Sale, if Replevin be not ledged within twenty Days - - : - I i -

And Deputies not executing Process, to write the Cause, and also all Returns at the Back of the Writ To file all Returns th.it they may be produced when wanted To keep an alphabetical Lift of all Actions Fee for executing Bench-Warrants

His Deputies to be fined for every Neglect of Duty, Corruption or Connivance £.20 and to be dismissed from their Office and incapable of holding the fame again To deliver over a List: of all Crown Actions to the Attorney-General and Receiver-General, the second Wednesday in each Supreme Court

To certify on the Back of all Writs of Venditioni, or in a Schedule to be thereunto annexed, what Money has been levied on each Writ How to ad in Actions brought for Wiits in Partition Or Deputies to forfeit £.20 recoverable by Warrant from a Justice of the Peace, for levying on Goods and Chattels employed on the Highways

PATENTS.

Clerk of, to grant a Patent for Escheats on Persons producing a Receipt and Certificate from the Receiver-General

PORTS of ENTRY.

Ports of Entry to be kept open in the same Manner as at

Kingston -

QJJ IT-RENT S.

Quit-Rents how secured to his Majesty - to -

j

VOL. II. c®

9

10

3

6

<9

40

61

61

65

6

61

65

65

65

c

65

75

17

4

5

8

9

1 i

1 2

RECEIVER,

Act Cl.

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

I

receiver-general.

the fame

of

Receiver-General to take Bond for Escheats, and enter in the public Books of his Majesty's Revenue To grant a Certificate he has received Bond To keep a Book for entering up all Estreats and Dockets Judgments, with a Credit Side, and enter up all Sums received on Account of Estreats and Judgments, under the Penalty of i oo

Empowered to take Bond in Part Payment for Quit-Rents, at jT.6 per Cent, and when the Term of such Bond is expired, to ifluea Writ of Venditioni against the B dy of the Obi igor or Securities, or make other Levies, in the same Manner as if Judgment and Execution had been returned thereon Clearing out any Vessel before the Rates have been paid for keeping in Repair the Harbour of Kingston, to for-hhjr.50 -

RECORDS.

Records, if loft by transmitting from the County Courts, the . Dockets to be valid and Procel's issue thereon

RECTORS.

Retftors of the different Parishes in this IQand, allowed to poll at Elettigiis without taking the Oaths

REPLEVIN.

ersons unjustly vexed by Replevin, the Court to award Recompence to the Party injured

Party refusing to come to Trial to pay all Fees

Damages over above the Costs of Suit to be awarded by the Court, if the Plaintiff be nonsuited

RIO de COBRE Bridge.

ROADS.

Road from that Part of Pindar's River called Graham's to Old Harbour -

To keep the Ferry and erett Toll-Gates leading from St. Jago de la Vega to Passage-Fort> in St. Catherine's, and to the extreme Part of Water-House- Savanna, near Half-Way Vreet in St. Andrew s

For amending and keeping in Repair a Road leading from Pepper Plantation over May Day Hill, to St. Jago Plantations, and vesting in Trustees a Toll raised by a Turnpike

SLAVES.

Slaves passing without Tickets, Owners liable to 40/r Fine

To have discretionary Holidays instead of those formerly allowed at Christmas, Easter and Whitsuntide

12

12

19

55

55

55

51

18

3i

32

24

52

73

4

7

24 3

Slaves

An ABRIDGMEN T of the ACT 9.

T I

ci.

Slaves being suffered to beat Drums, Goards, &c. by Proprietors,

Guardians, or Attornies resident on Estates, to forfeit ^.100 Having Fire-Arms or other military offensive Weapon, to 24 4

suffer Death Pretending to Obeah or supernatural Power, to suffer Death or 24 6

ox Transportation Persons dealing and carrying off, made Felony without Benefit 24 10

of Clergy Convicted of harbouring, to forfeit JT200 and twelve Months 40 6

Imprisonment Slaves taken from Persons who have had six Months Post'eflion, 4° 8

without due Course of Law, liable to be prosecuted on the r

Inveigling Act Held under Lease, or by Parol Agreement, and Persons refusing to deliver them up at the Expiration of the Time, liabk 40 IO

as Jnveiglers of Slaves - 4C r 1

Inveigled Slaves to be produced at the Trial 4C 14

Owners of, to be admitted as Witnesses 4° 25

After Trinl to be delivered to the Claimant 4C 27

Attempting to run off the Island, to luster Death Runaway Slaves, though delivered to the King, the Property of 6c 1

Infants, Feme Coverts or Absentees, their Right foieprizce

and defended, in Cafe they claim within a certain Time after

arriving at Age, or returning to the Island 6 1

SOLLICITO R S.

Sollicitors how qualified 35 2

Copartne s under certain Restrictions Allowed $f. on taking out Writs of Venditioni or any other 35 4

Procds - 70 8

SOLDIERS.

Penalty on purchasing their Cloaths 37 2

TOLLS and TOLL-B O OKS.

Tolls, Copies of, allowed legal Evidence 2 n

Toll-Books established and made valid in St. Dorothy and St. Tho-

mas in the Vale Erazing and damaging of, Persons so doing, to suffer such Pu - 22 7

nishment as for erazing and embezling Records 22 9

TONNAGE.

Tonnage to be paid in Money only VESSELS. 72 5

Vessels trading from any Place to the Northward of the Tropic of

Cancer, may be at Liberty to pay Gunpowder r3 4

What Duties to be paid at entering and clearing 72 1

What Rates to be paid for keeping in Repair the Harbour of King/lon Vessels not to moor nearer to any Wharf than fifty Fathom, except 73 1

to load and unload 73 10

Not

An A B R I D G M E N T of the ACTS-

Aa ci.

\Tot to moor from the first of August to the last of November, within one hundred Fathom Disputes relating mooring to be adjusted by Commissioners 73 73 r 1 14

VEXATIOUS SUITS at LAW how prevented. 23 ‘4

---

WATER-BAILIFF.

Water-Bailiff to be appointed by the Commander in Chief, and removed at Pleasure - 73 - 3

Obliged personally to attend his Duty, under Penalty of £.20 - 73 - 4

WAY-WARDENS.

Way-Wardens or Surveyors of Highways, how punishable for Neglect of their respective Duties - 75 - 10

WITNESSES.

Witnesses not attending on Trials for inveigling Slaves, liable to forfeit £.50 - 40 - 15

Protected in their Persons from mesne and judicial Process - 40 -37

